Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, as we enter the hurricane season, I would like to recognize those within the building and code enforcement community for the work they do to maintain the resilience of our homes and commercial buildings. The International Code Council has established a building safety campaign that is recognized annually by jurisdictions across the Nation. Its purpose is to reinforce the need for the adoption of modern building codes; a strong system of code compliance; and a well trained, professional workforce to provide public safety. In the 10 years since Florida adopted the statewide building code under Governor Bush—I was in the legislature at the time; he showed great leadership— the code’s adoption and application reduced windstorm actual losses by as much as 72 percent. Year after year, we see the type of devastation that Mother Nature can bring, and it is important we are doing all that we can to minimize its damage. f 
CONGRATULATING HERMAN BELL (Mr. DUNN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an exceptional member of the Air Force on his retirement from government service: Mr. Herman Bell. Herman will retire this week as the chief of public affairs of Tyndall Air Force Base, capping a career of more than 46 years of government service. Herman enlisted in the Air Force in 1972 and retired as a master sergeant in 1993. He has served in the 325th Fighter Wing Public Affairs Office since that time. His keen leadership over the last 25 years at Tyndall and the many years 
before that on Active Duty is a testament to the core values instilled in all those who serve in our Air Force. Mr. Speaker, please join me in saying thank you to Herman Bell and to his family for their years of service and sacrifice, and wish them luck as they move on to a new chapter in life. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 19, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on July 19, 2018, at 5:38 p.m.: Appointment: Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery (COVER Commission). Commission on Social Impact Partnerships. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, I have the honor to transmit a sealed envelope received from the White House on July 20, 2018 at 12:25 p.m., said to contain a message from the President regarding the continuation of the national emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, ROBERT F. R EEVES , Deputy Clerk of the House. f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATIONS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–142) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to significant transnational criminal organizations declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, is to continue in effect beyond July 24, 2018. The activities of significant transnational criminal organizations have reached such scope and gravity that they threaten the stability of international political and economic systems. Such organizations are increasingly sophisticated and dangerous to the United States; they are increasingly entrenched in the operations of foreign governments and the international financial system, thereby weakening democratic institutions, degrading the rule of law, and undermining economic markets. These organizations facilitate and aggravate violent civil conflicts and increasingly facilitate the activities of other dangerous persons. The activities of significant transnational criminal organizations continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect to transnational criminal organizations. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , July 20, 2018. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2345) to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easytoremember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2345 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission; (2) the term ‘‘covered dialing code’’ means a simple, easytoremember, 3digit dialing code; and (3) the term ‘‘N11 dialing code’’ means an abbreviated dialing code consisting of 3 digits, of which— (A) the first digit may be any digit other than ‘‘1’’ or ‘‘0’’; and (B) each of the last 2 digits is ‘‘1’’. 
(a) P RIMARY STUDY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Commission, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a study that— (A) examines the feasibility of designating an N11 dialing code or other covered dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system; and (B) analyzes the effectiveness of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline as of the date on which the study is initiated, including how well the lifeline is working to address the needs of veterans. (2) REQUIREMENTS .— (A) COMMISSION .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Commission shall— (i) consider— (I) each of the N11 dialing codes, including the codes that are used for other purposes; and (II) other covered dialing codes; (ii) consult with the North American Numbering Council; and (iii) review the information provided by the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively, of this paragraph. (B) SAMHSA 
COMMISSION .—To assist the Commission in conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use shall analyze and, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Commission on— (i) the potential impact of the designation of an N11 dialing code, or other covered dialing code, for a suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system on— (I) suicide prevention; (II) crisis services; and (III) other suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotlines, including— (aa) the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline; and (bb) the Veterans Crisis Line; and (ii) possible recommendations for improving the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline generally, which may include— (I) increased public education and awareness; and (II) improved infrastructure and operations. (C) VA 
STUDY AND REPORT TO ASSIST COM MISSION .—To assist the Commission in conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall study and, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Commission on how well the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and the Veterans Crisis Line, as in effect on the date on which the study is initiated, is working to address the needs of veterans. (b) PRIMARY COMMISSION REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall submit a report on the study conducted under subsection (a) that recommends whether a particular N11 dialing code or other covered dialing code should be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (E) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) ADDITIONAL CONTENTS .—If the report submitted by the Commission under paragraph (1) recommends that a dialing code should be used, the report shall also— (A) outline the logistics of designating such a dialing code; (B) estimate the costs associated with designating such a dialing code, including— (i) the costs incurred by service providers, including— (I) translation changes in the network; and (II) cell site analysis and reprogramming by wireless carriers; and (ii) the costs incurred by States and localities; (C) provide recommendations for designating such a dialing code; (D) provide a costbenefit analysis comparing the recommended dialing code with the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, as in effect on the date on which the report is submitted; and (E) make other recommendations, as appropriate, for improving the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline generally, which may include— (i) increased public education and awareness; and (ii) improved infrastructure and operations. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act of 2018. This critical legislation seeks to designate a new, easytoremember, threedigit dialing code for a national suicide prevention hotline. We all know by heart to dial 911 during an emergency, and we have faith and confidence that somebody who can help will be on the line. It shouldn’t be any different for someone in a mental health crisis. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, suicide is on the rise across the country. Sadly, more than half of those who die by suicide do not have a known mental health condition. We also want to make note of the number of servicemembers and veterans in need of prevention services. We will work with our minority on this study to review how these patriots can seek help, whether stateside or overseas. You never truly know what battles an individual is fighting, and that is why a national threedigit suicide hotline could help make the difference between life and death. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to advancing this potentially lifesaving legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act. Suicide is now the tenth leading cause for death in adults aged 18 to 64, and, for every suicide, there are 25 attempts. Earlier this year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that suicide rates increased by 28 percent between 1999 and 2016. Mr. Speaker, 49 States experienced an increase in suicide rates during that period. As my colleague said, we also know that the risk is significantly higher for veterans. Veteran men are at a 19 percent higher risk, and veteran women are at a 21⁄2times higher risk than nonveteran women. These statistics point to a problem that is all too real and, sadly, all too common. That fact was evident last month when, unfortunately, both Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain, both very successful in their careers, took their own lives. It is heartbreaking when someone is suffering so much that they choose to end their own life. Unfortunately, I know it in my own family, when people are afraid to reach out. The National Suicide Prevention Hotline Improvement Act before us today would make it easier for people wanting to connect with someone through that hotline. The bill would set up a process to give Americans an easytoremember, threedigit code, like 911, to call when they or their loved one are in crisis, rather than the current 10digit number. The bill would also require the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to study the effectiveness of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, currently known as 1– 800–273–TALK, and the Department of Veterans Affairs would be required to study the effectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line. The Senate has passed a companion bill by unanimous consent. H.R. 2345 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I want to thank the authors, Congressman CHRIS STEWART of Utah and Congresswoman EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, for the very hard work and leadership they put into this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it today, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friends from New Jersey and Michigan for their help on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin with a startling statistic. Every 9 minutes, someone in the United States attempts suicide or is successful, and for every suiciderelated death, there are 25 attempts. These are truly heartbreaking statistics. Sadly, they hit close to home in Utah, which ranks fifth for the highest suicide deaths in the U.S. One example is Madison Radtke, a charitable and loving young lady who unexpectedly took her own life. I have gotten to know Madison’s family, and it has been an honor to do so. Madison is remembered for her kindness to others and for her ability to see the good in each person. Here is something that is startling and should be terrifying to those of us who are parents: Madison didn’t show any sign of suicidal thoughts. To others around her, she seemed to be making the most of the prime of her life. This is a sad reminder that suicide can strike anywhere. These are our neighbors, our coworkers, our friends, our family members. I believe that we have the power and we have the responsibility to reach out and to help them. Yes, there are many tools available for people who are struggling with mental illness or thoughts of suicide, but, tragically, some of these resources are simply too difficult to find in a time of urgent need. b1415 The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline dialing number is cumbersome and is very hard to remember, and most people have never even heard of it. Additionally, in Utah and many other States, there are various other entities that provide service, but there is not one consolidated number for people to call. After the recent passing, as has been mentioned, of Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain, calls to the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline jumped 25 percent. While the hotline number has increased access, I know we can do better, and that is the purpose of this bill. This is where Congress can help. I introduced the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act to streamline and to provide easy access to potentially lifesaving resources by designating a new and very simple national 
threedigit dialing number, very similar to 911, for national suicide prevention and mental health crisis. The study will also examine the overall effectiveness of the current National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and Veterans Crisis Line for individuals both here and abroad and their access to that. Ultimately, the report will recommend ways to improve the existing system. I recognize this legislation alone is not a panacea. It is not going to solve every problem. There is much more that we can do and we must do, and some of the solutions will require a multifaceted approach; but it is an important step and one that has the potential to avert tragedy, such as the loss of Madison, and to save many lives. For those of us who have seen firsthand and been impacted by the tragedy of suicide or attempted suicide, it is simply time for us to act. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), the cosponsor of this legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act, and I want to thank Mr. STEWART and the committee leaders for the hard work in presenting this on the floor today. This bipartisan legislation asks the Federal Communications Commission and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to study the designation of a threedigit dialing code similar to 911. Even 3 yearolds can remember 911. When a family is in crisis, an 800 number sometimes is difficult to remember. The suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system makes it all American because we are faced with these kinds of incidences many times every day. The bill also requires them to perform a costandbenefit service analysis of using a threedigit dialing code for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system and examine the overall effectiveness of the current National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and Veterans Crisis Line and recommend ways to improve the current system. Each year, 45,000 Americans take their own life, an average of 123 completed suicides every day, and an additional 1 millionplus Americans attempt suicide each year. While there are many resources for individuals experiencing a mental health crisis, it can be difficult to find these resources during this extreme time of need. The current National Suicide Prevention Lifeline has increased access, but the dialing code can be cumbersome to remember, 1–800–273–TALK. Just try to remember dialing that many digits. Unfortunately, in many States where there are numerous entities providing services, there is not always one consolidated number to call. The National Suicide Prevention Hotline Improvement Act is an important step to achieve that end. This legislation will build upon the success of the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline to increase access to lifesaving services while evaluating new and innovative ways to improve the current system. It is critical that we move quickly on this bill so that we can begin saving more lives each day. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, this is important legislation. It is completely bipartisan in nature. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a distinguished member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. Vice Chairman. Mr. Speaker, we have all heard the upsetting statistic of 21 veterans committing suicide each and every day. It is unacceptable. This is a crisis for our veterans, their families, the future of our current servicemembers, and our country. As vice chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have worked to make it a better and healthier life for our true American heroes. That is why I am proud to support H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act. When a veteran is in crisis, they need immediate assistance from the Veterans Crisis Hotline. Unfortunately, the current suicide hotline number can be difficult to remember during a time of need and can add minutes to getting help or, even worse, discourage veterans from accessing this important service. H.R. 2345 would study the feasibility and need of a threedigit dialing code, similar to 911, for the suicide hotline. The bill also studies the effectiveness of the hotline for our Nation’s veterans. This study is an important step in recognizing suicidal thoughts as an emergency, providing those in need the most reliable tools to get help, and continuing to improve a hotline that has already saved countless lives, including many veterans. For these reasons, I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 2345 and support its passage. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers. So I would like to say that perhaps, today, this House can act together and save a life, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2345. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this bipartisan piece of legislation has reached the floor of the House. I hope and trust that it will be voted on in an overwhelmingly bipartisan fashion, and I commend the sponsors, a Republican and a Democrat, for working together on this needed legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2345, the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act,’’ which provides resources to improve suicide hotlines in the United States. Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we address the public heath crisis of suicide in the United States. Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States—each year, 44,965 Americans die by suicide, more than half by firearm. On average, 123 Americans commit suicide each day. The 2016 annual ageadjusted suicide rate in my state of Texas was 12.57 per 100,000 individuals, which was similar to the national average for that year. However, there has been a steady increase in suicides in the decade since 2007, when the suicide rate was 10.48 per 100,000. Suicides in Texas have increased by 23 percent over the past 15 years. The steady increase coincides with new data that names suicide as the second leading cause of death among people ages 10–34 in America. Even more alarming are rates of suicide among our veterans—those who have given the ultimate sacrifice and deserve protection tantamount to their service. According to a Veterans Affairs study released last year, risk for suicide was 22 percent higher among veterans when compared to U.S. nonveteran adults. After adjusting for differences in age, risk for suicide was 19 percent higher among male veterans when compared to U.S. nonveteran adult men. After adjusting for differences in age, risk for suicide was 2.5 times higher among female veterans when compared to U.S. nonveteran adult women. But the victims of suicide are more than mere statistics. They are our parents, children, siblings, and loved ones. They are our coworkers, our peers, and our servicemen and women. They deserve more. There are many organizations and individuals working tirelessly to ensure all of our fellow citizens receive the aid they need. I commend the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, a network of 161 crisis centers that provides a 24/7, tollfree hotline available to anyone in suicidal crisis or emotional distress. There are five such centers in Texas, including one in my home city of Houston. The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline reports that it experienced an increase of 100 percent in calls between 2014 and 2017, revealing just how prevalent suicide has become. The helpline answered more than 2 million calls in 2017, up from approximately one million calls in 2014. In 2015 and 2016, the helpline answered more than 1.5 million calls each year. Those on the front lines of the suicide prevention efforts deserve more help. H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act, would require the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to coordinate with the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and consult with the Department of Veterans Affairs for suicide prevention efforts. The Act would lead to the examination of the feasibility of designating a threedigit dialing code for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline system. 
Further, the Act directs the FCC to study and report to Congress on the effectiveness of the current National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, including how well it addresses the needs of veterans. Mr. Speaker, our citizens and our suicide prevention centers deserve decisive action against suicide. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 2345 to reduce the incidence of suicides in America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2345, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PRECISION AGRICULTURE CONNECTIVITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4881) to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force for meeting the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4881 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Precision agriculture technologies and practices allow farmers to significantly increase crop yields, eliminate overlap in operations, and reduce inputs such as seed, fertilizer, pesticides, water, and fuel. (2) These technologies allow farmers to collect data in real time about their fields, automate field management, and maximize resources. (3) Studies estimate that precision agriculture technologies can reduce agricultural operation costs by up to 25 dollars per acre and increase farm yields by up to 70 percent by 2050. (4) The critical cost savings and productivity benefits of precision agriculture cannot be realized without the availability of reliable broadband Internet access service delivered to the agricultural land of the United States. (5) The deployment of broadband Internet access service to unserved agricultural land is critical to the United States economy and to the continued leadership of the United States in global food production. (6) Despite the growing demand for broadband Internet access service on agricultural land, broadband Internet access service is not consistently available where needed for agricultural operations. (7) The Federal Communications Commission has an important role to play in the deployment of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land to promote precision agriculture. SEC. 3. TASK FORCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘broadband Internet access service’’— (A) means a massmarket retail service by wire or radio that provides the capability to transmit data to and receive data from all or substantially all Internet endpoints, including any capabilities that are incidental to and enable the operation of the communications service, but excluding dialup Internet access service; and (B) also encompasses any service that the Commission finds to be providing a functional equivalent of the service described in subparagraph (A); (2) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission; (3) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Agriculture; (4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture; and (5) the term ‘‘Task Force’’ means the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States established under subsection (b). (b) ESTABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall establish the Task Force for Reviewing the Connectivity and Technology Needs of Precision Agriculture in the United States. (c) DUTIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Task Force shall consult with the Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, and collaborate with public and private stakeholders in the agriculture and technology fields to— (A) identify and measure current gaps in the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land; (B) develop policy recommendations to promote the rapid, expanded deployment of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land, with a goal of achieving reliable capabilities on 95 percent of agricultural land in the United States by 2025; (C) promote effective policy and regulatory solutions that encourage the adoption of broadband Internet access service on farms and ranches and promote precision agriculture; (D) recommend specific new rules or amendments to existing rules of the Commission that the Commission should issue to achieve the goals and purposes of the policy recommendations described in subparagraph (B); (E) recommend specific steps that the Commission should take to obtain reliable and standardized data measurements of the availability of broadband Internet access service as may be necessary to target funding support, from future programs of the Commission dedicated to the deployment of broadband Internet access service, to unserved agricultural land in need of broadband Internet access service; and (F) recommend specific steps that the Commission should consider to ensure that the expertise of the Secretary and available farm data are reflected in future programs of the Commission dedicated to the infrastructure deployment of broadband Internet access service and to direct available funding to unserved agricultural land where needed. (2) NO DUPLICATE DATA REPORTING .—In per forming the duties of the Commission under paragraph (1), the Commission shall ensure that no provider of broadband Internet access service is required to report data to the Commission that is, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, required to be reported by the provider of broadband Internet access service. (3) HOLD HARMLESS .—The Task Force and the Commission shall not interpret the phrase ‘‘future programs of the Commission’’, as used in subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1), to include the universal service programs of the Commission established under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254). (4) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall explain and make available to the Task Force the expertise, data mapping information, and resources of the Department that the Department uses to identify cropland, ranchland, and other areas with agricultural operations that may be helpful in developing the recommendations required under paragraph (1). (5) LIST OF AVAILABLE FEDERAL PROGRAMS  
AND RESOURCES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Commission shall jointly submit to the Task Force a list of all Federal programs or resources available for the expansion of broadband Internet access service on unserved agricultural land to assist the Task Force in carrying out the duties of the Task Force. (d) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be— (A) composed of not more than 15 voting members who shall— (i) be selected by the Chairman of the Commission, in consultation with the Secretary; and (ii) include— (I) agricultural producers representing diverse geographic regions and farm sizes, including owners and operators of farms of less than 100 acres; (II) an agricultural producer representing tribal agriculture; (III) Internet service providers, including regional or rural fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service providers and telecommunications infrastructure providers; (IV) representatives from the electric cooperative industry; (V) representatives from the satellite industry; (VI) representatives from precision agriculture equipment manufacturers, including drone manufacturers, manufacturers of autonomous agricultural machinery, and manufacturers of farming robotics technologies; (VII) representatives from State and local governments; and (VIII) representatives with relevant expertise in broadband network data collection, geospatial analysis, and coverage mapping; and (B) fairly balanced in terms of technologies, points of view, and fields represented on the Task Force. (2) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—A member of the Task Force appointed under paragraph (1)(A) shall serve for a single term of 2 years. (B) VACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Task Force— (i) shall not affect the powers of the Task Force; and (ii) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (3) EXOFFICIO MEMBER .—The Secretary, or a designee of the Secretary, shall serve as an exofficio, nonvoting member of the Task Force. (e) REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Commission establishes the Task Force, and annually thereafter, the Task Force shall submit to the Chairman of the Commission a report, which shall be made public not later than 30 days 
after the date on which the Chairman receives the report, that details— (1) the status of fixed and mobile broadband Internet access service coverage of agricultural land; (2) the projected future connectivity needs of agricultural operations, farmers, and ranchers; and (3) the steps being taken to accurately measure the availability of broadband Internet access service on agricultural land and the limitations of current, as of the date of the report, measurement processes. (f) TERMINATION .—The Commission shall renew the Task Force every 2 years until the Task Force terminates on January 1, 2025. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud, today, to rise in support of H.R. 4881, authored by my colleagues, Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee Chairman BOBLATTA and Congressman DAVELOEBSACK . New and exciting technologies are improving efficiency in nearly every sector of our economy. Rural America should not be left behind. The bill before us today focuses on the broadband needs of rural economies, our farmers and ranchers, to help take advantage of precision agriculture with improved internet access, GPS, and emerging technologies. Cuttingedge innovation like the Internet of Things, drones, and self driving machines can assist in monitoring crops, reading soil, and more. Precision agriculture connects rural communities to the 21st century economy. This bill is a prime example of how the Energy and Commerce Committee is leading the way to close the digital divide. I thank Mr. LATTA and Mr. LOEBSACK for their good work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 4881, the Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018. Access to broadband internet service is essential for participating in modern American life for both individuals and businesses. Farmers are no different. For them, a reliable, highspeed internet connection has become a necessity for managing their businesses efficiently. Farmers use it to collect realtime data on crops, buy equipment, verify weather forecasts, and check grain and feed prices. Studies estimate that the use of broadband in precision agriculture can increase crop yields by 70 percent by the year 2050 and significantly reduce operation costs. Yet many people living in this country still do not have reliable highspeed internet service. The Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018 would help facilitate the deployment of broadband to agricultural land by establishing a task force, led by the Federal Communication Commission in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture. The task force will identify and measure gaps in the availability of broadband on agricultural lands. It will also develop policy recommendations to promote the rapid expanded deployment of broadband on unserved agricultural lands and promote effective policy and regulatory solutions to encourage the adoption of broadband on farms and ranches. Moreover, the task force will recommend specific steps that the FCC should take to obtain reliable and standardized data on the availability of broadband and make sure that such data is reflected in future FCC broadband infrastructure programs. H.R. 4881 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, and I want to thank the authors, Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. L ATTA , for the very hard work they have put into this measure. I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ), the sponsor of the legislation and the distinguished chairman of the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4881, the Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act, as amended, to help improve highspeed broadband access for our Nation’s farmers. I represent the largest farm income producing district in the State of Ohio; therefore, I am fortunate to visit farms across the region and learn about new technologies, like the Internet of Things equipment, that are helping to improve farm productivity and sustainability. But the unfortunate reality is that lack of highspeed broadband in rural areas, specifically in farm communities, hinders the use of advanced technologies in agriculture operations. That is why I introduced H.R. 4881, along with my friend, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ). Our bill would require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a task force, in collaboration with the Department of Agriculture, to review the connectivity and technology needs of precision agriculture in the United States. I believe by combining minds from these two expert agencies, along with relevant private stakeholders, the task force will be able to offer tangible solutions that will promote rapid, expanded deployment of broadband in unserved areas, creating a pathway for precision agriculture in our rural farmlands. b1430 The true benefits of precision agriculture cannot be realized without the availability of reliable broadband internet access service. For example, with broadband, farmers can use connected tractors and other advanced technologies to collect field data in realtime to help with crop management. This type of technology helps farmers maximize resources, which can reduce costs and increase crop yields by up to 70 percent by 2050, helping to maintain America’s longterm leadership in global food production. Two farming seasons ago, I drove a tractor with GPS capabilities. My mom was raised on a farm in northwest Ohio, and, early on, my grandfather still used a team of horses. My grandfather would be amazed at how straight the furrows I made that day were, thanks to the connected tractor. I never touched the steering wheel. Because of broadband, the connected tractor was able to go down an entire row, without human control, and place fertilizer in furrows within one inch of where those seeds would be planted in the spring. It is technology like this that helps farmers maximize resources and promote environmentally sustainable practices. My bill will encourage this type of technology by bringing muchneeded broadband to rural, agricultural areas. Not only do I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4881, but I would also like to quote the support of FCC Commissioner Carr. He said: In my time on the Commission, I have seen firsthand the difference that broadband connectivity makes for America’s farmers and ranchers. 
. . . running agriculture operations today requires expertise in agronomy, technology, and data analytics. Bringing all of those skills together to improve crop yields and efficiency increasingly requires a highspeed broadband connection. So I am pleased to see this bill move forward and hope that it becomes law. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his handling of the bill today, and I urge support of the bill. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I hope that everyone supports this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. 
LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4881, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PREVENTING ILLEGAL RADIO ABUSE THROUGH ENFORCEMENT ACT Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5709) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced penalties for pirate radio, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5709 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act’’ or the ‘‘PIRATE Act’’. 
Title V of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 511. ENHANCED PENALTIES FOR PIRATE RADIO BROADCASTING; ENFORCEMENT SWEEPS; REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NCREASED GENERAL PENALTY .—Any person who willfully and knowingly does or causes or suffers to be done any pirate radio broadcasting shall be subject to a fine of not more than $2,000,000. ‘‘(b) VIOLATION OF THISACT, RULES , OR REGULATIONS .—Any person who willfully and knowingly violates this Act or any rule, regulation, restriction, or condition made or imposed by the Commission under authority of this Act, or any rule, regulation, restriction, or condition made or imposed by any international radio or wire communications treaty or convention, or regulations annexed thereto, to which the United States is or may hereafter become party, relating to pirate radio broadcasting shall, in addition to any other penalties provided by law, be subject to a fine of not more than $100,000 for each day during which such offense occurs, in accordance with the limit described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) FACILITATION .—Any person who knowingly and intentionally facilitates pirate radio broadcasting shall be subject to a fine of not more than $2,000,000. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the PIRATE Act, and annually thereafter, the Commission shall submit to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation a report summarizing the implementation of this section and associated enforcement activities for the previous fiscal year, which may include the efforts by the Commission to enlist the cooperation of Federal, State, and local law enforcement personnel (including United States Attorneys and the United States Marshals Service) for service of process, collection of fines or forfeitures, seizures of equipment, and enforcement of orders. ‘‘(e) ENFORCEMENT SWEEPS .— ‘‘(1) ANNUAL SWEEPS .—Not less than once each year, the Commission shall assign appropriate enforcement personnel to focus specific and sustained attention on the elimination of pirate radio broadcasting within the top five radio markets identified as prevalent for such broadcasts. Such effort shall include identifying, locating, and taking enforcement actions designed to terminate such operations. ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL MONITORING .—Within six months after conducting the enforcement sweeps required by paragraph (1), the Commission shall conduct monitoring sweeps to ascertain whether the pirate radio broadcasting identified by enforcement sweeps is continuing to broadcast and whether additional pirate radio broadcasting is occurring. ‘‘(3) NO EFFECT ON REMAINING ENFORCE MENT .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the Commission shall not decrease or diminish the regular enforcement efforts targeted to pirate radio broadcast stations for other times of the year. ‘‘(f) STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENT AUTHORITY .—The Commission may not preempt any State or local law prohibiting pirate radio broadcasting. ‘‘(g) REVISION OF COMMISSION RULES REQUIRED .—The Commission shall revise its rules to require that, absent good cause, in any case alleging a violation of subsection (a) or (b), the Commission shall proceed directly to issue a ‘Notice of Apparent Liability’ without first issuing a ‘Notice of Unlicensed Operations’. ‘‘(h) PIRATE RADIO BROADCASTING DATABASE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and semiannually thereafter, the Commission shall publish a database in a clear and legible format of all licensed radio stations operating in the AM and FM bands. The database shall be easily accessible from the Commission home page through a direct link. The database shall include the following information: ‘‘(A) Each licensed station, listed by the assigned frequency, channel number, or Commission call letters. ‘‘(B) All entities that have received a Notice of Unlicensed Operation, Notice of Apparent Liability, or Forfeiture Order by the Commission. ‘‘(2) CLEAR IDENTIFICATION .—The Commission shall clearly identify in the database— ‘‘(A) each licensed station as a station licensed by the Commission; and ‘‘(B) each entity described in paragraph (1)(B) as operating without a Commission license or authorization. ‘‘(i) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) PIRATE RADIO BROADCASTING .—The term ‘pirate radio broadcasting’ means the transmission of communications on spectrum frequencies between 535 to 1705 kHz or 87.7 to 108 MHz without a license issued by the Federal Communications Commission, but does not include unlicensed operations in compliance with part 15 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(2) FACILITATES .—The term ‘facilitates’ means providing access to property (and improvements thereon) or providing physical goods or services, including providing housing, facilities, or financing, that directly aid pirate radio broadcasting. ‘‘(3) KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY .—The term ‘knowingly and intentionally’ means the person was previously served by the Commission with a notice of unlicensed operations, notice of apparent liability, or citation for efforts to facilitate pirate radio broadcasting.’’. SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act or the amendment made by this Act. This Act and the amendment made by this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume because, in my judgment, this is an important bill that we should all support. The Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act, or PIRATE Act, combats the very serious issue of unlawful broadcasting, often called ‘‘pirate radio,’’ and gives the Federal Communications Commission additional powers to issue fines on any person who willfully and knowingly broadcasts radio transmissions over AM or FM frequencies without a license from the Federal Communications Commission. I thank my colleague, Congressman TONKO of New York, for joining me in offering this bipartisan legislation. New Jersey, where I live, has one of the largest concentrations of pirate radio operators in the country. Pirate radio signals have been found to interfere with the emergency alert system and Federal Aviation Administration operations, causing significant harm to public safety. They also disrupt the business of licensed broadcasters who comply with the multitude of FCC regulations. Minorityowned broadcasters are disproportionately harmed by pirate radio operators in urban areas. Knocking down pirate radio broadcasts prevents these bad actors from interfering with the licensed broadcasters public safety officials rely on to transmit communications during times of emergency. These unlawful broadcasts are interfering with the news and information programming people count on and needlessly clogging the information highway at important times. It is time to take these pirates off the air by hiking the penalties and working with the Federal Communications Commission on enforcement. Chairman Pai and Commissioner O’Rielly have been able partners in 
making sure these broadcasts are stopped. This bill will give the FCC even more tools to take down these illegal broadcasts. This act increases fines tenfold for illegal pirate operations to $100,000 in an effort to boost the deterrent against these broadcasts. The bill further holds those who facilitate pirate operations liable, while also streamlining the enforcement process. It also takes a further step in instituting enforcement sweeps by requiring the FCC to conduct biannual enforcement sweeps in the top five radio markets with significant illegal pirate operations, which would include the New Jersey and major New York media market. I commend Chairman Pai for his leadership on this issue. Since 2017, the FCC has significantly cracked down on this illegal activity, and this bill will ensure future commissions continue this rigorous enforcement, helping to ensure that these illegal operators stay off the air. The issue of pirate radio operators is a more pressing public issue than it seems. We have to clean up the airwaves to make way for public safety announcements, Federal Aviation Administration conversations, and other important information. Radio frequencies are not toys for unlicensed broadcasters. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 5709, the Preventing Illegal Radio Abuse Through Enforcement Act, otherwise known as the PIRATE Act. Unauthorized radio operators, called pirate broadcasters, are a growing threat to the public airwaves. Not only do they cause an annoyance by interfering with news and entertainment programs of legitimate broadcasters, but they pose a serious risk in time of emergencies by preventing the public from hearing critical public safety alerts and messages. And they put their own listeners at risk because they are not equipped to carry these messages. They may also interfere with the communication channels of important agencies like the Federal Aviation Administration. The FCC has stepped up its enforcement against pirate broadcasters, but we can do more. The bill before us today increases the fines that can be levied against pirate broadcasters from $10,000 per day, currently, to $100,000 per day. It also sets a maximum penalty of $2 million for pirate broadcasters and those that knowingly and intentionally facilitate pirate broadcasters. The bill also ensures that the FCC continues its sustained enforcement efforts on pirate broadcasters, while balancing the other important missions of the enforcement bureau and its field staff. State and local prosecutors can be partners in this effort. The bill ensures that laws prohibiting pirate broadcasters enacted by States and cities are not preempted. H.R. 5709 is a bipartisan, commonsense bill. And, yes, I agree with my colleague here about what a good bill this is. I thank the authors, Mr. LANCE  and Mr. TONKO , for the very hard work they put into this measure, and I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, as members of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, we have heard of the impact pirate radio operators have had on the authorized radio community. There have also been instances in which emergency service communications have been hindered because of their illegal operators, including off the Gulf Coast of Florida. In Florida, we have worked closely with local law enforcement to identify and shut down pirate radio operators, as well as confiscate their equipment. However, I have heard from the Federal Communications Commission countless times that, on a Federal level, there is limited authority to crack down on these operators and prevent their reestablishment. The PIRATE Act will help give teeth to FCC enforcement of illegal radio operators. By hitting them in their pocketbook, the FCC can better stop these illegal actors for good. The recent success we have had in Florida proves the need for stronger penalties on these bad actors. The PIRATE Act will help give teeth to the FCC enforcement of illegal radio operators. For this reason, I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 5709, and I support its passage. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5709, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5709, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EDUCATING MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS AND OPTIMIZING WORKFORCE EFFICIENCY AND READINESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3728) to amend title VII of the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize certain programs relating to the health professions workforce, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3728 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Educating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Efficiency and Readiness Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘EMPOWER Act of 2018’’. 
(a) C ENTERS OF EXCELLENCE .—Subsection (i) of section 736 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $23,711,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (b) HEALTH PROFESSIONS TRAINING FOR DIVERSITY .—Section 740 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$51,000,000 for fiscal year 2010, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$48,970,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,190,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘$60,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$14,189,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (c) PRIMARY CARETRAINING AND ENHANCE MENT .—Section 747(c)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293k(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$125,000,000 for fiscal year 2010, and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$48,924,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (d) TRAINING IN GENERAL , PEDIATRIC , AND PUBLIC HEALTH DENTISTRY .—Section 748(f) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 293k–2(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2010 and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,673,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (e) AREA HEALTH EDUCATION CENTERS .— Section 751(j)(1) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294a(j)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$125,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$38,250,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (f) NATIONAL CENTER FOR HEALTHCARE  WORKFORCE ANALYSIS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 761(e)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294n(e)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,663,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (2) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 761(e)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294n(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (g) PUBLIC HEALTH WORKFORCE .—Section 770(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 295e(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘$43,000,000 for fiscal year 2011, and such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘$17,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
Section 753 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294c) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) G ERIATRICS WORKFORCE ENHANCEMENT  PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this subsection to entities described in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 799B, section 801(2), or section 865(d), or other health professions schools or programs approved by the Secretary, for the establishment or operation of geriatrics workforce enhancement programs that meet the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—A geriatrics workforce enhancement program meets the requirements of this paragraph if such program supports the development of a health care workforce that maximizes patient and family engagement and improves health outcomes for older adults by integrating geriatrics with primary care and other appropriate specialties. Special emphasis should be placed on providing the primary care workforce with the knowledge and skills to care for older adults and collaborating with community partners to address gaps in health care for older adults through individual, system, community, and population level changes. Areas of programmatic focus may include the following: ‘‘(A) Transforming clinical training environments to integrated geriatrics and primary care delivery systems to ensure trainees are well prepared to practice in and lead in such systems. ‘‘(B) Developing providers who can assess and address the needs and preferences of older adults and their families and caregivers at the individual, community, and population levels. ‘‘(C) Creating and delivering community based programs that will provide older adults and their families and caregivers with the knowledge and skills to improve health outcomes and the quality of care for such adults. ‘‘(D) Providing Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias (ADRD) education to the families and caregivers of older adults, direct care workers, health professions students, faculty, and providers. ‘‘(3) DURATION .—The Secretary shall award grants and contracts under paragraph (1) for a period not to exceed five years. ‘‘(4) APPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive a grant or contract under paragraph (1), an entity described in such paragraph shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(5) EQUITABLE GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .— The Secretary may award grants and contracts under paragraph (1) in a manner which will equitably distribute such grants and contracts among the various regions of the United States. ‘‘(6) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants and contracts under paragraph (1), the Secretary may give priority to programs that— ‘‘(A) have the goal of improving and providing comprehensive coordinated care of older adults, including medical, dental, and psychosocial needs; ‘‘(B) support the training and retraining of faculty, preceptors, primary care providers, and providers in other specialties to increase their knowledge of geriatrics and gerontology; ‘‘(C) provide clinical experiences across care settings, including ambulatory care, hospitals, postacute care, nursing homes, federally qualified health centers, and home and communitybased services; ‘‘(D) emphasize education and engagement of family caregivers on disease selfmanagement, medication management, and stress reduction strategies; ‘‘(E) provide training to the health care workforce on disease selfmanagement, motivational interviewing, medication management, and stress reduction strategies; ‘‘(F) provide training to the health care workforce on social determinants of health in order to better address the geriatric health care needs of diverse populations; ‘‘(G) integrate geriatrics competencies and interprofessional collaborative practice into health care education and training curricula for residents, fellows, and students; ‘‘(H) substantially benefit rural or underserved populations of older adults; ‘‘(I) integrate behavioral health competencies into primary care practice, especially with respect to elder abuse, pain management, and advance care planning; or ‘‘(J) offer shortterm intensive courses that— ‘‘(i) focus on geriatrics, gerontology, chronic care management, and longterm care that provide supplemental training for faculty members in medical schools and other health professions schools or graduate programs in psychology, pharmacy, nursing, social work, dentistry, public health, allied health, or other health disciplines, as approved by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) are open to current faculty, and appropriately credentialed volunteer faculty and practitioners, to upgrade their knowledge and clinical skills for the care of older adults and adults with functional and cognitive limitations and to enhance their interdisciplinary teaching skills. ‘‘(b) GERIATRIC ACADEMIC CAREER  AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a program to provide Geriatric Academic Career Awards to eligible entities applying on behalf of eligible individuals to promote the career development of such individuals as academic geriatricians or other academic geriatrics health professionals. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(A) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) an entity described in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 799B or section 801(2); or ‘‘(ii) an accredited health professions school or graduate program approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible individual’ means an individual who— ‘‘(i) is board certified in internal medicine, family practice, psychiatry, or licensed dentistry, or has completed any required training in a discipline and is employed in an accredited health professions school or graduate program that is approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) has completed an approved fellowship program in geriatrics or gerontology, or has completed specialty training in geriatrics or gerontology as required by the discipline and any additional geriatrics or gerontology training as required by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iii) has a junior (nontenured) faculty appointment at an accredited school of allopathic medicine, osteopathic medicine, nursing, social work, psychology, dentistry, pharmacy, or other allied health disciplines in an accredited health professions school or graduate program that is approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) LIMITATIONS .—An eligible entity may not receive an award under paragraph (1) on behalf of an eligible individual unless the eligible entity— ‘‘(A) submits to the Secretary an application, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, and the Secretary approves such application; ‘‘(B) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that the eligible individual on whose behalf an application was submitted under subparagraph (A) will meet the service requirement described in paragraph (7); and ‘‘(C) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that such individual has a fulltime faculty appointment in an accredited health professions school or graduate program and documented commitment from such school or program to spend 75 percent of the total time of such individual on teaching and developing skills in interprofessional education in geriatrics. ‘‘(4) REQUIREMENTS .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall give priority to eligible entities that apply on behalf of eligible individuals who are on the faculty of institutions that integrate geriatrics education, training, and best practices into academic program criteria; ‘‘(B) may give priority to eligible entities that operate a geriatrics workforce enhancement program under subsection (a); ‘‘(C) shall ensure that grants are equitably distributed across the various geographical regions of the United States, including rural and underserved areas; ‘‘(D) shall pay particular attention to geriatrics health care workforce needs among underserved populations and rural areas; and ‘‘(E) may not require an eligible individual, or an eligible entity applying on behalf of an eligible individual, to be a recipient of a grant or contract under this part. ‘‘(5) MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—An eligible entity receiving an award under paragraph (1) on behalf of an eligible individual shall provide assurances to the Secretary that funds provided to such individual under this subsection will be used only to supplement, not to supplant, the amount of Federal, State, and local funds otherwise expended by such individual. ‘‘(6) AMOUNT AND TERM .— ‘‘(A) AMOUNT .—The amount of an award under this subsection for eligible individuals who are physicians shall equal $100,000 for fiscal year 2017, adjusted for subsequent fiscal years to reflect the increase in the Consumer Price Index. The Secretary shall determine the amount of an award under this subsection for individuals who are not physicians. ‘‘(B) TERM.—The term of any award made under this subsection shall not exceed 5 years. ‘‘(7) SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—An eligible individual on whose behalf an application was submitted and approved under paragraph (3)(A) shall provide training in clinical geriatrics or gerontology, including the training of interprofessional teams of health care professionals. ‘‘(c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $40,737,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, no funds shall be made available to carry out subsection (b) for a fiscal year unless the amount made available to carry out this section for such fiscal year is more than the amount made available to carry out this section for fiscal year 2017.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENE GREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). b1445 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the author of the Educating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Efficiency and Readiness Act of 2018, I rise in strong support of this bill. H.R. 3728 moved with strong bipartisan support through regular order in the full Energy and Commerce Committee and the subcommittee, which I chair. This legislation reauthorizes the title VII health professions workforce program for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Title VII programs have expired but have continued to receive appropriations. In fact, in fiscal year 2018, the appropriations levels for the program actually increased. Reauthorizing these physician workforce programs will provide muchneeded stability for those who depend upon this funding. Title VII of the Public Health Service Act includes various programs that are vital to building and maintaining a welleducated, welltrained physician workforce. The EMPOWER Act reauthorizes funding for the Area Health Education Centers at more than $38 million a year. These centers are critical in providing both medical education and healthcare services to medically underserved areas. The bill also reauthorizes programs that incentivize diversity in the physician workforce, including the Centers of Excellence Program, which this bill authorizes at a level of $23 million per year. This particular program provides grants to medical schools that have a disproportionate number of minority students for the purpose of expanding the schools’ capacity or to improve curriculum. Primary care is an important aspect of our Nation’s healthcare system and how many Americans receive the majority of their healthcare services. H.R. 3728 reauthorizes funding for our Primary Care Training and Enhancement Program at more than $48 million per year. This program provides grants to hospitals and health professional schools to develop and operate supplemental primary care training programs. Lastly, this bill aims to strengthen our workforce that cares for the geriatric population. The bill makes strides toward modernizing the Geriatrics Workforce Enhancement Program and the Geriatric Academic Career Award. With an aging population, our workforce needs to be adequately trained in handling the unique needs of our seniors. These two programs enable physicians and other providers to achieve that training. Lastly, I want to thank Representatives SCHAKOWSKY and B UCSHON and their staffs and the majority and minority staffs on the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work on this legislation. Reauthorizing title VII programs is long overdue, especially in a time where our existing physician workforce is struggling to keep up with the demands for healthcare services. I urge strong support of the legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3728, the Educating Medical Professionals and Optimizing Workforce Efficiency and Readiness Act, the EMPOWER Act. I thank the main sponsors of the bill—Representative and Chair MICHAEL BURGESS , Representative J AN SCHAKOWSKY , and Representative LARRY BUCSHON —for their work on this important bill. This legislation will reauthorize title VII health professional workforce programs under the Public Health Service Act that support loan repayment and provider training experiences in primary care, dentistry, rural, and underserved areas. These programs include the Centers of Excellence, the Health Professions Training for Diversity Program, Primary Care Training and Enhancement grants, and Training in General, Pediatric, and Public Health Dentistry grants. Investing in these programs helps ensure the availability of providers who are increasingly in demand across the country. These grants help support the health professional workforce by improving the diversity and distribution and supply of health professionals with an emphasis on primary care and interdisciplinary education and training. This legislation will also boost training for geriatric providers who are needed to respond to our aging workforce. I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for this important piece of legislation that will continue support for our Nation’s health professions workforce programs. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would just point out that reauthorizing these title VII programs is long overdue. The House of Representatives in the last Congress, the 114th Congress, did provide the reauthorization. It never made it through the other body, unfortunately. It is time to do that work now, and that is what this bill, today, purports to do. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill. It is long overdue. I urge all Members to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3728, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DR. BENJY FRANCES BROOKS CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL GME SUPPORT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5385) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5385 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM OF PAYMENTS TO CHILDREN’S HOSPITALS THAT OPERATE GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 340E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018, and each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023,’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(D), by inserting ‘‘and the end of fiscal year 2022,’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2018,’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in clause (v), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, $105,000,000.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, $220,000,000.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are considering H.R. 5385, the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education Support Reauthorization Act of 2018. This bill, which was submitted by Representative GENE GREEN and myself, reauthorizes the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education programs at $325 million per year for the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. This is an increase of $10 million above the enacted fiscal year 2018 level. This bill recently moved through regular order in the Energy and Commerce Committee and its Subcommittee on Health. Congress created the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education program in 1999 as part of the Healthcare Research and Quality Act, which authorized funding to directly support medical residency training at children’s hospitals for 2 years. Prior to the establishment of Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education, children’s hospitals received minimal graduate medical education funding because Medicare is the primary funding source of graduate medical education programs, and children’s hospitals have few Medicare patients. Since the establishment of this program, Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education funding has provided critical support to our pediatric workforce, which still is struggling to keep up with the demands for their services. The Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education program is especially crucial in training pediatric subspecialists. Children’s hospitals have a unique patient population with medical conditions from which pediatric medical residents can learn and develop critical skills. The experience gained from such a residency helps to prepare and train physicians for the complex reality of pediatric medicine that they will face in the future of their medical careers. I can say as an OB/GYN who did his residency at Parkland Hospital in Dallas, residency programs play a vital role in shaping our Nation’s physician workforce. Our pediatric workforce is no exception. According to the Children’s Hospital Association, almost half of children’s hospitals reported vacancies for child and adolescent psychiatry, in addition to developmental pediatrics. The Children’s Hospital Association also reports that pediatric specialists in emergency medicine, physical medicine, rehabilitation, endocrinology, rheumatology, hospitalists, pain management/palliative care, and adolescent medicine are frequently reported as experiencing vacancies longer than 12 months. The workforce shortage is something that I am concerned about, and that is why passing this legislation is an integral part of maintaining and sustaining our workforce. In 2016, Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education funding helped to support over 7,000 residents at 58 hospitals across the country. Mr. GREEN and I agreed to name this bill after Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks, who was born and raised in my district in north Texas, in Lewisville, Texas. Dr. Brooks went on to become the first female pediatric surgeon in the State and to establish pediatric surgery as a separate division at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston. It is an honor to move this bill in Dr. Brooks’ name. Our children deserve the best care available to them, and ensuring that we have an adequately prepared workforce is the first step in providing quality healthcare to children. Passing H.R. 5385 is vital to the maintenance and growth of this workforce and to the health of our Nation’s children. I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5385, the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018. I am proud to introduce this legislation that will reauthorize the Children’s Hospital Graduate Medical Education program with our subcommittee chairman, Congressman MICHAEL BURGESS. The CHGME program was created by Congress in 1999 to provide payments to children’s hospitals to support medical residency training programs. The Children’s Hospital GME program is necessary due to how hospitals typically receive support for GME through Medicare, and these payments are based on hospitals’ Medicare patient volume. Because the Medicare program is used primarily by people who are over the age of 65 and children’s hospitals treat, primarily, people below the age of 18, children’s hospitals have low Medicare patient volume and receive few Medicare GME payments. Children’s Hospital GME funds go toward training our Nation’s pediatric workforce, including pediatricians and pediatric subspecialists, as well as other physician types in nonpediatrics, focused specialists that may rotate through children’s hospitals for a period of time during their residency. Since its creation, the Children’s Hospital GME program has made it possible for thousands of pediatricians to receive training, including at Texas Children’s Hospital in Houston, home of one of the largest academic pediatric departments in the United States, which has a number of clinics in our Houston area district. Physicians receiving training in one of the 58 freestanding children’s hospitals in 29 States go on to serve in the rural and other underserved areas, helping to alleviate the pediatric workforce shortage impacting communities throughout America. The CHGME program is needed now more than ever to help train the pediatric workforce that will be required to meet the needs of our children and our grandchildren. Our legislation will reauthorize the CHGME program for 5 years at $325 million, and a $25 million increase over current levels. The current authorization will expire at the end of September, so it is imperative that we reauthorize this important program. Our bipartisan legislation has 57 cosponsors, nearly equally divided between Democrats and Republicans. In addition, this legislation has strong support from outside stakeholders, the American Hospital Association, and the Children’s Hospital Association. I thank Dr. BURGESS and all our colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for their hard work and support for this important legislation, and I ask for all Members to join us in support of the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s Hospital GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN), chairman of the full committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues Mr. GENEGREEN  and, certainly, Dr. BURGESS for their great leadership on this issue. I rise is support of H.R. 5385, the Dr. Benjy Frances Brooks Children’s HOSPITAL GME Support Reauthorization Act of 2018, and I want to thank them for their good work on this. As you have heard, this reauthorizes payments to children’s hospitals that operate graduate medical education programs, and it does so for the next 5 years, giving these programs great certainty going forward. This legislation will continue to enable the Nation’s freestanding children’s hospitals to provide education to graduates of medical schools, enhance pediatric research capabilities, and care for these vulnerable and underserved children. b1500 Representative GREEN and Chairman BURGESS partnered to lead this bipartisan bill in our committee, and they brought about unanimous votes in both the Health Subcommittee and in our full committee. I appreciate their work on this and thank them and their staffs for the great work they all have done as we work together to reauthorize these very, very important programs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support us in this legislation from the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I only want to point out that 2018 is the 100year anniversary of the birth of Dr. Benjy Brooks, so it seemed an appropriate time to recognize her contributions to the fields of pediatric surgery and medicine in general. Again, she was born in the town in which I practiced medicine for a number of years. I first encountered her at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston when I was a medical student back there in the 1970s. Surely, hers is a legacy of which all Texans can be proud. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5385, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDUCATION AND TRAINING ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1676) to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1676 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDUCATION AND TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part D of title VII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 294 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 759 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 759A. PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDUCATION AND TRAINING. 
‘‘(a) P ALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDUCATION CENTERS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this section to entities described in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 799B, and section 801(2), for the establishment or operation of Palliative Care and Hospice Education Centers that meet the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—A Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center meets the requirements of this paragraph if such Center— ‘‘(A) improves the interprofessional team based training of health professionals in palliative care, including residencies, traineeships, or fellowships; ‘‘(B) develops and disseminates interprofessional teambased curricula relating to the palliative treatment of the complex health problems of individuals with serious or life threatening illnesses; ‘‘(C) supports the training and retraining of faculty to provide instruction in interprofessional teambased palliative care; ‘‘(D) supports interprofessional teambased continuing education of health professionals who provide palliative care to patients with serious or lifethreatening illness; ‘‘(E) provides students (including residents, trainees, and fellows) with clinical training in interprofessional teambased palliative care in appropriate health settings, including hospitals, hospices, home care, longterm care facilities, and ambulatory care centers; ‘‘(F) establishes traineeships for individuals who are preparing for advanced education nursing degrees, social work degrees, or advanced degrees in physician assistant studies, with a focus in interprofessional teambased palliative care in appropriate health settings, including hospitals, hospices, home care, longterm care facilities, and ambulatory care centers; ‘‘(G) supports collaboration between multiple specialty training programs (such as medicine, nursing, social work, physician assistant, chaplaincy, and pharmacy) and clinical training sites to provide training in interprofessional teambased palliative care; and ‘‘(H) does not duplicate the activities of existing education centers funded under this section or under section 753 or 865. ‘‘(3) EXPANSION OF EXISTING CENTERS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to— ‘‘(A) prevent the Secretary from providing grants to expand existing education centers, including geriatric education centers established under section 753 or 865, to provide for education and training focused specifically on palliative care, including for nongeriatric populations; or ‘‘(B) limit the number of education centers that may be funded in a community. ‘‘(b) PALLIATIVE MEDICINE PHYSICIAN  TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may make grants to, and enter into contracts with, schools of medicine, schools of osteopathic medicine, teaching hospitals, and graduate medical education programs for the purpose of providing support for projects that fund the training of physicians (including residents, trainees, and fellows) who plan to teach palliative medicine. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—Each project for which a grant or contract is made under this subsection shall— ‘‘(A) be staffed by fulltime teaching physicians who have experience or training in interprofessional teambased palliative medicine; ‘‘(B) be based in a hospice and palliative medicine fellowship program accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education; ‘‘(C) provide training in interprofessional teambased palliative medicine through a variety of service rotations, such as consultation services, acute care services, extended care facilities, ambulatory care and comprehensive evaluation units, hospices, home care, and community care programs; ‘‘(D) develop specific performancebased measures to evaluate the competency of trainees; and ‘‘(E) provide training in interprofessional teambased palliative medicine through one or both of the training options described in paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) TRAINING OPTIONS .—The training options referred to in subparagraph (E) of paragraph (2) are as follows: ‘‘(A) 1year retraining programs in hospice and palliative medicine for physicians who are faculty at schools of medicine and osteopathic medicine, or others determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) 1 or 2year training programs that are designed to provide training in interprofessional teambased hospice and palliative medicine for physicians who have completed graduate medical education programs in any medical specialty leading to board eligibility in hospice and palliative medicine pursuant to the American Board of Medical Specialties. ‘‘(4) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘graduate medical education’ means a program sponsored by a school of medicine, a school of osteopathic medicine, a hospital, or a public or private institution that— ‘‘(A) offers postgraduate medical training in the specialties and subspecialties of medicine; and ‘‘(B) has been accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education or the American Osteopathic Association through its Committee on Postdoctoral Training. ‘‘(c) PALLIATIVE MEDICINE AND HOSPICE  ACADEMIC CAREER AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a program to provide awards, to be known as the ‘Palliative Medicine and Hospice Academic Career Awards’, to eligible individuals to promote the career development of such individuals as academic hospice and palliative care physicians. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—To be eligible to receive an award under paragraph (1), an individual shall— ‘‘(A) be board certified or board eligible in hospice and palliative medicine; and ‘‘(B) have a junior (nontenured) faculty appointment at an accredited (as determined by the Secretary) school of medicine or osteopathic medicine. ‘‘(3) LIMITATIONS .—No award under paragraph (1) may be made to an eligible individual unless the individual— ‘‘(A) has submitted to the Secretary an application, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, and the Secretary has approved such application; ‘‘(B) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that the individual will meet the service requirement described in paragraph (6); and ‘‘(C) provides, in such form and manner as the Secretary may require, assurances that the individual has a fulltime faculty appointment in a health professions institution and documented commitment from such institution to spend a majority of the total funded time of such individual on teaching and developing skills in education in interprofessional teambased palliative care. ‘‘(4) MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—An eligible individual who receives an award under paragraph (1) shall provide assurances to the Secretary that funds provided to the eligible individual under this subsection will be used only to supplement, not to supplant, the amount of Federal, State, and local funds otherwise expended by the eligible individual. ‘‘(5) AMOUNT AND TERM .— ‘‘(A) AMOUNT .—The amount of an award under this subsection shall be equal to the award amount provided for under section 753(c)(5)(A) for the fiscal year involved. 
‘‘(B) T ERM.—The term of an award made under this subsection shall not exceed 5 years. ‘‘(C) PAYMENT TO INSTITUTION .—The Sec retary shall make payments for awards under this subsection to institutions, including schools of medicine and osteopathic medicine. ‘‘(6) SERVICE REQUIREMENT .—An individual who receives an award under this subsection shall provide training in palliative care and hospice, including the training of interprofessional teams of health care professionals. The provision of such training shall constitute a majority of the total funded obligations of such individual under the award. ‘‘(d) PALLIATIVE CARE WORKFORCE DEVEL OPMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this subsection to entities that operate a Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center pursuant to subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(2) APPLICATION .—To be eligible for an award under paragraph (1), an entity described in such paragraph shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) USE OF FUNDS .—Amounts awarded under a grant or contract under paragraph (1) shall be used to carry out the fellowship program described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Pursuant to paragraph (3), a Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center that receives an award under this subsection shall use such funds to offer shortterm intensive courses (referred to in this subsection as a ‘fellowship’) that focus on interprofessional teambased palliative care that provide supplemental training for faculty members in medical schools and other health professions schools with programs in psychology, pharmacy, nursing, social work, physician assistant education, chaplaincy, or other health disciplines, as approved by the Secretary. Such a fellowship shall be open to current faculty, and appropriately credentialed volunteer faculty and practitioners, who do not have formal training in palliative care, to upgrade their knowledge and clinical skills for the care of individuals with serious or lifethreatening illness and to enhance their interdisciplinary and interprofessional teaching skills. ‘‘(B) LOCATION .—A fellowship under this paragraph shall be offered either at the Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center that is sponsoring the course, in collaboration with other Palliative Care and Hospice Education Centers, or at medical schools, schools of nursing, schools of pharmacy, schools of social work, schools of chaplaincy or pastoral care education, graduate programs in psychology, physician assistant education programs, or other health professions schools approved by the Secretary with which the Centers are affiliated. ‘‘(C) CONTINUING EDUCATION CREDIT .—Par ticipation in a fellowship under this paragraph shall be accepted with respect to complying with continuing health profession education requirements. As a condition of such acceptance, the recipient shall subsequently provide a minimum of 18 hours of voluntary instruction in palliative care content (that has been approved by a palliative care and hospice education center) to students or trainees in healthrelated educational, home, hospice, or longterm care settings. ‘‘(5) TARGETS .—A Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center that receives an award under paragraph (1) shall meet targets approved by the Secretary for providing training in interprofessional teambased palliative care to a certain number of faculty or practitioners during the term of the award, as well as other parameters established by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) AMOUNT OF AWARD .—Each award under paragraph (1) shall be in the amount of $150,000. Not more than 24 Palliative Care and Hospice Education Centers may receive an award under such paragraph. ‘‘(7) MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—A Palliative Care and Hospice Education Center that receives an award under paragraph (1) shall provide assurances to the Secretary that funds provided to the Center under the award will be used only to supplement, not to supplant, the amount of Federal, State, and local funds otherwise expended by such Center. ‘‘(e) PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE CAREER  INCENTIVE AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants or contracts under this subsection to individuals described in paragraph (2) to foster greater interest among a variety of health professionals in entering the field of palliative care. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—To be eligible to receive an award under paragraph (1), an individual shall— ‘‘(A) be an advanced practice nurse, a social worker, physician assistant, pharmacist, chaplain, or student of psychology who is pursuing a doctorate, masters, or other advanced degree with a focus in interprofessional teambased palliative care or related fields in an accredited health professions school; and ‘‘(B) submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) CONDITIONS OF AWARD .—As a condition of receiving an award under paragraph (1), an individual shall agree that, following completion of the award period, the individual will teach or practice palliative care in healthrelated educational, home, hospice, or longterm care settings for a minimum of 5 years under guidelines established by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) PAYMENT TO INSTITUTION .—The Sec retary shall make payments for awards under paragraph (1) to institutions that include schools of medicine, osteopathic medicine, nursing, social work, psychology, chaplaincy or pastoral care education, dentistry, and pharmacy, or other allied health discipline in an accredited health professions school or program (such as a physician assistant education program) that is approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $15,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall be effective beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) N URSE EDUCATION , PRACTICE , ANDQUALITYGRANTS .—Section 831(b)(3) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p(b)(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘hospice and palliative nursing,’’ after ‘‘coordinated care,’’. (b) PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDUCATION AND TRAINING PROGRAMS .—Part D of title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 832. PALLIATIVE CARE AND HOSPICE EDUCATION AND TRAINING. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary shall award grants to eligible entities to develop and implement, in coordination with programs under section 759A, programs and initiatives to train and educate individuals in providing interprofessional teambased palliative care in healthrelated educational, hospital, hospice, home, or longterm care settings. ‘‘(b) USE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity that receives a grant under subsection (a) shall use funds under such grant to— ‘‘(1) provide training to individuals who will provide palliative care in healthrelated educational, hospital, home, hospice, or longterm care settings; ‘‘(2) develop and disseminate curricula relating to palliative care in healthrelated educational, hospital, home, hospice, or longterm care settings; ‘‘(3) train faculty members in palliative care in healthrelated educational, hospital, home, hospice, or longterm care settings; or ‘‘(4) provide continuing education to individuals who provide palliative care in healthrelated educational, home, hospice, or longterm care settings. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION .—An eligible entity desiring a grant under subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. ‘‘(d) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ shall include a school of nursing, a health care facility, a program leading to certification as a certified nurse assistant, a partnership of such a school and facility, or a partnership of such a program and facility. ‘‘(e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
Part A of title IX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 299 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Under the authority under section 902(a) to disseminate information on health care and on systems for the delivery of such care, the Director may disseminate information to inform patients, families, and health professionals about the benefits of palliative care throughout the continuum of care for patients with serious or lifethreatening illness. ‘‘(b) INFORMATION DISSEMINATED .— ‘‘(1) MANDATORY INFORMATION .—If the Director elects to disseminate information under subsection (a), such dissemination shall include the following: ‘‘(A) PALLIATIVE CARE .—Information, resources, and communication materials about palliative care as an essential part of the continuum of quality care for patients and families facing serious or lifethreatening illness (including cancer; heart, kidney, liver, lung, and infectious diseases; as well as neurodegenerative disease such as dementia, Parkinson’s disease, or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). ‘‘(B) PALLIATIVE CARE SERVICES .—Specific information regarding the services provided to patients by professionals trained in hospice and palliative care, including pain and symptom management, support for shared decisionmaking, care coordination, psychosocial care, and spiritual care, explaining that such services may be provided starting at the point of diagnosis and alongside curative treatment and are intended to— ‘‘(i) provide patientcentered and family centered support throughout the continuum of care for serious and lifethreatening illness; ‘‘(ii) anticipate, prevent, and treat physical, emotional, social, and spiritual suffering; 
‘‘(iii) optimize quality of life; and ‘‘(iv) facilitate and support the goals and values of patients and families. ‘‘(C) PALLIATIVE CARE PROFESSIONALS .— Specific materials that explain the role of professionals trained in hospice and palliative care in providing teambased care (including pain and symptom management, support for shared decisionmaking, care coordination, psychosocial care, and spiritual care) for patients and families throughout the continuum of care for serious or lifethreatening illness. ‘‘(D) RESEARCH .—Evidencebased research demonstrating the benefits of patient access to palliative care throughout the continuum of care for serious or lifethreatening illness. ‘‘(E) POPULATION SPECIFIC MATERIALS .—Ma terials targeting specific populations, including patients with serious or lifethreatening illness who are among medically underserved populations (as defined in section 330(b)(3)) and families of such patients or health professionals serving medically underserved populations. Such populations shall include pediatric patients, young adult and adolescent patients, racial and ethnic minority populations, and other priority populations specified by the Director. ‘‘(2) REQUIRED PUBLICATION .—Information and materials disseminated under paragraph (1) shall be posted on the Internet websites of relevant Federal agencies and departments, including the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, and the Administration on Aging. ‘‘(c) CONSULTATION .—The Director shall consult with appropriate professional societies, hospice and palliative care stakeholders, and relevant patient advocate organizations with respect to palliative care, psychosocial care, and complex chronic illness with respect to the following: ‘‘(1) The planning and implementation of the dissemination of palliative care information under this section. ‘‘(2) The development of information to be disseminated under this section. ‘‘(3) A definition of the term ‘serious or lifethreatening illness’ for purposes of this section.’’. 
None of the funds made available under this Act (or an amendment made by this Act) may be used to provide, promote, or provide training with regard to any item or service for which Federal funding is unavailable under section 3 of Public Law 105–12 (42 U.S.C. 14402). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part B of title IV of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 284 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Director of the National Institutes of Health, shall develop and implement a strategy to be applied across the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health to expand and intensify national research programs in palliative care in order to address the quality of care and quality of life for the rapidly growing population of patients in the United States with serious or lifethreatening illnesses, including cancer; heart, kidney, liver, lung, and infectious diseases; as well as neurodegenerative diseases such as dementia, Parkinson’s disease, or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.’’. (b) EXPANDING TRANS NIH R ESEARCH REPORTING TOINCLUDE PALLIATIVE CARE RESEARCH .—Section 402A(c)(2)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 282a(c)(2)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and, beginning January 1, 2019, for conducting or supporting research with respect to palliative care’’ after ‘‘or national centers’’. SEC. 7. CUTGO OFFSET. 
The total amount authorized to be appropriated to the Office of the Secretary of Health and Human Services for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 is the amount that is $20,000,000 below the total amount appropriated to such Office for fiscal year 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1676. As we have heard, this is the Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act, and it is sponsored by my colleague from New York, Representative ELIOT ENGEL . This bipartisan legislation will authorize the Department of Health and Human Services to award grants or contracts for palliative care and hospice education centers, promote the career development of nurses and physicians in palliative care, and promote research and outreach in the delivery of care for patients with serious or life threatening illnesses at the National Institutes of Health. Now, I have heard about this bill’s impact from palliative care specialists and disease advocates all across Oregon. Dawn Frazier in Bend, Oregon, told me about her daughter, Rhonda, who tragically passed away at the age of 34. She suffered from early onset Alzheimer’s. In an opinion piece that Dawn had published in the Bend Bulletin, she wrote: ‘‘Palliative and hospice care are vital services for people with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. For people with advanced dementia, team based care—which focuses on managing and easing symptoms, reducing pain and stress, and increasing comfort—improves quality of life, controls costs, and enhances patient and family satisfaction.’’ She wrote: ‘‘Here in Oregon, 19 percent of people in hospice have a primary diagnosis of dementia. Yet, the availability and quality of palliative and hospice care is a concern.’’ Dawn went on to say that this bill will help make critical palliative care and hospice services available to millions of patients across the country. I have long been a supporter of this bipartisan legislation and programs for palliative and hospice care. My own parents both received valuable care in this regard, especially hospice care, as their lives came to a close. This is all part of why I am a cosponsor, along with 284 of my colleagues in the House, and why I have worked with Representative ENGEL and our subcommittee chair on the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee for Health, Chairman BURGESS , to move this legislation forward in the Energy and Commerce Committee, where, by the way, it received unanimous votes in both our Health Subcommittee and in our full committee. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important measure. Let’s advance our public health. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1676, the Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and our committee member, Congressman ELIOT ENGEL , for introducing this important legislation. I would also like to thank other cosponsors: Congressman BUDDY CARTER , also a member on our committee, and Representative TOMREEDfor their work and support on this legislation. Palliative care complements efforts to treat or cure illness by focusing on patients’ quality of life. It is appropriate for patients with serious illnesses, starting at the point of diagnosis through treatment, and onward through hospice and the end of life. Palliative care entails communication with patients and their families to coordinate care, determine patient preferences, and assist with medical decisionmaking. A growing body of research has documented the benefits of highquality palliative and hospice care for patients in hospitals and payers, and the healthcare system as a whole. Palliative and hospice care have been associated with enhanced quality of life for patients, reduced hospital expenditures and lengths of stay, and other positive outcomes, including longer patient survival time. Despite the benefits of palliative care, many Americans aren’t aware of the supports available to them. There is also a shortage of educated providers who can offer quality palliative care. The Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act will address these issues. This legislation will help create an infrastructure to improve palliative care training for healthcare providers, encourage the National Institutes of Health to expand its research on palliative care and pain management, and ensure Americans have an understanding of how palliative care may benefit them and their loved ones. 
I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation. In fact, this bill has 285 cosponsors, twothirds of the entire House of Representatives. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation that will expand our Nation’s research and infrastructure on palliative care and pain management. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED), who has been a real leader on this issue and several others related to healthcare, and especially on diabetes. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing me and for the opportunity to speak, and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for the efforts that they have put into the Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill, because hospice and palliative care is an underutilized piece of medical treatment in America. This bill is designed to promote not only the care that is provided under palliative and hospice care, but also to empower the workforce of today and tomorrow to provide these critical healthcare delivery systems to our aging population, to our family members, and to our dear fellow citizens. Mr. Speaker, I am strongly in support of this legislation, because this is something that is personal, as I lost my mom 9 months to the day she was diagnosed with lymphoma and passed in my arms. The woman who taught me how to live, and my 11 older brothers and sisters, also taught me how to die. We in America need to have a conversation across this entire Nation about how important it is to recognize that we are all mortal and that, at the end of our life, we need to face that critical question of what type of healthcare we want to receive to make sure that our quality of life is preserved and the quantity of life is extended as much as possible in order to enjoy that life. Under this act, Mr. Speaker, one of the key components of it is to provide the professionalism that is necessary to have that conversation with families, with children like myself in that situation. I hope that we will have this conversation with our loved ones much sooner rather than at that end of times. By engaging in this legislation, Mr. Speaker, we will promote palliative and hospice care, and make sure that all Americans know that this care is available to them. Not only will it allow them to enjoy peace in their final days, but it will provide a quality of life that no other care that I know of does. That is palliative and hospice care to make you comfortable and enjoy your loved ones as we end our time on this Earth. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and join us in this effort. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), a member of our Energy and Commerce Committee and cosponsor of this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. This is clearly a bipartisan collaboration. I am proud to be the main sponsor of H.R. 1676, the Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act, and I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. The goal of palliative care is to alleviate suffering for patients and their loved ones, accompanying efforts to treat or cure illness. So while the illness is being treated, there is support being given to the person who is sick and for their loved ones as well. It entails support from a team of doctors, nurses, social workers, physician assistants, clergy persons, and other specialists who provide an extra layer of assistance, including help with medical decisionmaking and coordination of care across multiple settings. It is appropriate at any age and at any stage in a serious illness. Palliative and hospice care have been associated with enhanced quality of life for patients, but too many people simply don’t know about these benefits. On top of that, there is a shortage of educated providers who can offer quality palliative and hospice care. That is where this bill comes in. The Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act addresses these issues by expanding opportunities for training in palliative and hospice care. This bill also aims to better educate patients, families, and health professionals about palliative care’s benefits, and encourages NIH to expand research around this topic. Ultimately, this bill will help us ensure that there is a welltrained palliative care workforce available to care for patients, a goal that I believe will also be critical to turning the tide of the ongoing opioid epidemic. One of the goals of palliative care is to provide relief from the pain of a serious illness. By creating the infrastructure needed to better educate health professionals on palliative care, this legislation will also help ensure health professionals are able to properly manage patients’ pain and practice appropriate evidencebased prescribing, a space where, as the opioid crisis has shown, we need to do much better. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN , Ranking Member P ALLONE , Chairman B URGESS , and Ranking Member GREEN for helping to move this bill forward. I also want to thank Congressman TOMREEDand Congressman BUDDY CARTER , who coauthored the bill, and all of its 285 bipartisan cosponsors. This is about as bipartisan as you can get. We are dealing with issues that people sometimes don’t like to talk about, end of life issues, issues of that nature, but it is something that must be talked about, because families need help. This will give the families the help that they need. I think every one of us has felt the pain and stress of a serious illness either personally or standing alongside a loved one. By passing this bill, we will take an important step to bring much, much needed relief to both patients and their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on the committee and all the people who worked to make this bill bipartisan. We can all be proud of this when it becomes law. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I will close by again thanking my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Thanks to the gentleman from New York, the gentleman from Texas, my colleagues on this side of the aisle. I know Dr. PHILROE, who chairs our Veterans’ Affairs Committee, a very strong advocate and supporter of this, could not be here to speak on it because of a conflict. Mr. Speaker, let me just say this is really important. It will change lives. It will improve lives. With that, I hope our colleagues will join us in supporting this very important measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1676, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1515 TITLE VIII NURSING WORKFORCE REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 959) to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 959 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. General provisions. Sec. 3. Nurse practitioners, nurse midwives, nurse anesthetists, and other advanced education nurses. Sec. 4. Increasing nursing workforce diversity. Sec. 5. Strengthening capacity for basic nurse education and practice. Sec. 6. Student loans. Sec. 7. National Advisory Council on Nurse Education and Practice. Sec. 8. Other provisions. 
(a) A PPLICATION .—Section 802(c) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296a(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall address relevant national nursing needs that the project will meet’’ and inserting ‘‘shall address relevant national nursing needs that the project will address and how the project aligns with the national nursing service goals referred to in section 806(a)’’. (b) USE OF FUNDS .—Section 803 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) SUPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds awarded as a grant under this title for a project or activity shall be used to supplement, not supplant, the nonFederal funds that would otherwise be made available for such project or activity.’’. (c) GENERALLY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS .— Section 806 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296e) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) EVALUATIONS .—The Secretary shall establish procedures to ensure the annual evaluation of programs and projects operated by recipients of grants under this title. Such procedures shall ensure that continued funding for such programs and projects will be conditioned upon the submission of— ‘‘(A) data demonstrating that satisfactory progress has been made by the program or project in meeting the performance outcome standards (as described in section 802) of such program or project; and ‘‘(B) a detailed description of activities conducted by such program or project to meet such performance outcome standards.’’; (2) in subsection (e)(2), by inserting ‘‘, and have relevant expertise and experience’’ after ‘‘who are not officers or employees of the Federal Government’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) ANNUAL REPORT ON NURSING WORKFORCE PROGRAMS .—Annually, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report containing an assessment of the programs and activities of the Department of Health and Human Services related to enhancing the nursing workforce, including the extent to which programs and activities under this title meet identified goals and performance measures developed for the respective programs and activities.’’. 
SEC. 3. NURSE PRACTITIONERS, NURSE MIDWIVES, NURSE ANESTHETISTS, AND OTHER ADVANCED EDUCATION NURSES. 
Section 811 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296j) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘R.N./Master’s’’ and inserting ‘‘R.N./graduate’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘clinical nurse leaders,’’ before ‘‘or public health nurses’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZED CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST PROGRAMS .—Clinical nurse specialist programs eligible for support under this section are education programs that— ‘‘(1) provide registered nurses with full time clinical nurse specialist education; and ‘‘(2) have as their objective the education of clinical nurse specialists who will upon completion of such a program be qualified to effectively provide care through the wellness and illness continuum to inpatients and outpatients experiencing acute and chronic illness.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $74,581,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
Section 821 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296m) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $17,343,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 5. STRENGTHENING CAPACITY FOR BASIC NURSE EDUCATION AND PRACTICE. 
(a) N URSE EDUCATION , PRACTICE , QUALITY , 
AND RETENTION GRANTS .—Section 831 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
QUALITY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ QUALITY , AND RETEN TION’’; (2) in subsection (b), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) providing care for underserved populations and highrisk groups, which may include the elderly, individuals with HIV/ AIDS, individuals with mental health or substance use disorders, individuals who are homeless, and victims and survivors of domestic violence;’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) GRANTS FOR CAREER LADDER PRO GRAMS .—The Secretary may award grants to and enter into contracts with eligible entities for programs— ‘‘(A) to promote career advancement for— ‘‘(i) nursing personnel in a variety of training settings, cross training or specialty training among diverse population groups, and the advancement of individuals, including to become professional registered nurses, advanced practice registered nurses, and nurses with graduate nursing education; and ‘‘(ii) individuals, including licensed practical nurses, licensed vocational nurses, certified nurse assistants, and diploma degree or associate degree nurses, to become baccalaureateprepared registered nurses or nurses with graduate nursing education; ‘‘(B) to assist individuals in obtaining education and training required to enter the nursing profession and advance within such profession, such as by providing career counseling and mentoring; and ‘‘(C) to develop and implement internships, accredited fellowships, and accredited residency programs in collaboration with one or more accredited schools of nursing to encourage mentoring and development of specialties.’’; (4) by striking subsection (e) (relating to preference); (5) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as subsections (e) and (g), respectively; (6) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall submit to the Congress before the end of each fiscal year a’’ and inserting ‘‘As part of the report on nursing workforce programs described in section 806(i), the Secretary shall’’; (7) by amending subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (5), to read as follows: ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ includes an accredited school of nursing, a health care facility, a partnership of such a school and facility, a federally qualified health center, or a nursemanaged health clinic. ‘‘(2) NURSE MANAGED HEALTH CLINIC .—The term ‘nursemanaged health clinic’ means a nursepractice arrangement, managed by advanced practice nurses, that provides primary care or wellness services to underserved or vulnerable populations that is associated with a school, college, university or department of nursing, federally qualified health center, or independent nonprofit health or social services agency.’’; and (8) in subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$41,913,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) NURSE RETENTION GRANTS .—Section 831A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 296p–1) is repealed. 
(a) L OAN REPAYMENT AND SCHOLARSHIP  PROGRAMS .—Section 846 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297n) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘he began such practice’’ and inserting ‘‘the individual began such practice’’; (2) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘(for fiscal years 2003 and 2004) and may (for fiscal years thereafter)’’; (3) in subsection (h), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ through ‘‘regarding’’ and inserting ‘‘The annual report on nursing workforce programs, as required by section 806(i), shall include information regarding the programs carried out under this section, including’’; and (4) in subsection (i)(1), by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘$87,135,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) NURSE FACULTY LOAN PROGRAM .—Sec tion 846A of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297n–1) is amended by striking ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘$28,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 7. NATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL ON NURSE EDUCATION AND PRACTICE. 
Section 851 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297t) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(iv), by striking ‘‘and nurse anesthetists’’ and inserting ‘‘nurse anesthetists, and clinical nurse specialists’’; (2) in subsection (d), by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018, and every 2 years thereafter, prepare and submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report describing the activities of the Council, including findings and recommendations made by the Council concerning the activities under this title.’’; and (3) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘for carrying out parts B, C, and D of this title’’. 
(a) P UBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS .—Part G of title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 297w et seq.) is repealed. (b) FUNDING .—Part I of title VIII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 298d) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018, which was introduced by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ). The bill reauthorizes the title VIII Nursing Workforce Development Programs for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Title VIII programs, in addition to the title VII physician workforce programs, expired several years ago, but have continued to receive appropriations. This bill reauthorizes title VIII programs at the fiscal year 2018 level. While our appropriations process has continued to fund these programs without a reauthorization, there remains uncertainty regarding how much money the programs will receive each year. These programs range from providing our advanced practice nurses with additional educational opportunities to increasing the nursing workforce diversity. The bill includes grants for nurses at different levels of education to obtain further education so that they can advance within the nursing profession. Additionally, this legislation reauthorizes loan repayment scholarships and grants for education, practice, quality, and retention. These provisions are essential in educating and retaining a qualified nurse workforce. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support H.R. 959, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act. I thank the main sponsor of the legislation, Representative DAVID JOYCE , and original cosponsors including: Representative DORIS MATSUI , Representative KATHY CASTOR , and Representative TULSI GABBARD for their hard work on this important legislation. An estimated 10,000 people are turning 65 years old in America every day. That trend will continue through the end of the decade. In addition to an aging population, the United States faces rising healthcare costs, prevalent chronic diseases, and the rise in substance abuse disorders. In order to meet this increased need for care, we need to grow the largest group of healthcare providers in our Nation: nurses. The title VIII programs bolster nursing education at all levels, from entry level preparation through graduate study, and provides support for institutions that educate nurses for practice in rural and medically underserved communities. This program is designed to address specific needs within the nursing workforce and America’s patient population. This legislation will reauthorize title VIII of the Public Health Service Act that provides Federal resources toward nursing workforce development programs, including the recruitment, retention, and advanced education of skilled nursing professionals. This bill extends advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialists, clinical nurse leaders, defines nursemanaged health clinics, adds clinical nurse specialists to the National Advisory Council on Nurse Education and Practice, and reauthorizes loan repayments, scholarships, and grants for education, practice, quality, and retention. This bipartisan legislation passed the Energy and Commerce Committee on voice vote earlier this month. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation to expand and strengthen our American nursing workforce, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOYCE ), the author of the bill. Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018. First, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member P ALLONE  for moving this legislation through the Energy and Commerce Committee. It is easy to see why nursing consistently ranks as the most trusted profession in America. As the husband of a nurse, and cochair of the Congressional Nursing Caucus, I know the amount of dedication and support nurses put into their daily task of caring for every patient. An estimated 10,000 baby boomers are turning 65 years old every day. In order to meet this increased demand for care, we need to grow the largest group of healthcare providers: nurses. Despite the importance of nurses to the wellbeing of patients, we face a projected nursing shortage that will leave too many patients without the care that they need. The shortage will affect the entire healthcare system, so we need to do all we can to make sure that those individuals are interested in this valued career path and have access to highquality education opportunities. My bill authorizes funds for loan payback programs and grants for advanced education, workforce diversity, and nursing recruitment programs. This bill will expand our Nation’s trained nursing workforce so they can provide the highest quality care American patients need. Mr. Speaker, I am thankful for the incredible bipartisan support this bill has received on behalf of the Nation’s nurses, and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ), who is a cosponsor of this bill. Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Congressman JOYCE , who has been a great leader on these issues relating to our nursing workforce. I appreciate working with him as cochair of the House Congressional Nursing Caucus, where we are able to bring a lot of these issues and challenges to life. We all know that nurses and caregivers are the heartbeat of our healthcare providers. Day in and day out, they provide lifesaving care with empathy, compassion, and care in the most trying and stressful situations. But across the country, we continue to see nursing workforce shortages, especially in our rural and underserved communities, like many in my home State of Hawaii where people on different islands are literally separated by a body of water sometimes from getting access to the care that they need. In the next 2 years alone, the United States is on track to face a shortage of nearly 200,000 nursing professionals. These shortages not only drive up the cost of healthcare for those most in need, but they actually endanger the wellbeing and care of our patients. As our healthcare system faces heightened and complex challenges, like an aging population, increase in chronic diseases, an everworsening opioid epidemic, and so much more, our healthcare workers must have the training they need to address the needs of our communities. Reauthorizing Federal funding for vital programs that provide nurses with training, education, and support, will help grow our nursing workforce, both in my home State of Hawaii and across the country, and expand access to the quality care for our children, our veterans, our seniors, and all of our communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and empower our nurses and healthcare professionals to continue serving and caring for the people in our communities. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time, and only to point out that this bill did pass in the previous Congress, in the 114th Congress, both in subcommittee and full committee, but was never enacted into law. The author of that bill in the last Congress was our colleague, Lois Capps, on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I know she will be grateful to see that her work has finally cleared the floor of the House and on to the Senate, and we will be successful. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 959, the Title VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018. I’d like to thank Representative DAVID JOYCE for his work on this important bill. It is one of four bipartisan public health bills the House will vote on today, each of which passed through the Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously at both the Health Subcommittee and our full committee. H.R. 959 would reauthorize nursing workforce development programs, which support the recruitment, retention, and advanced education of skilled nursing professionals. The bill extends advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialists and clinical nurse leaders, defines nursemanaged health clinics, adds clinical nurse specialists to the National Advisory Council on Nurse Education, and reauthorizes loan repayments, scholarships, and grants for education, practice, quality, and retention. In rural areas of the country, like my district in Oregon, nurses play an especially critical role in our health care delivery system, and they’ve told me about the importance of this legislation. That’s why it’s critical we reauthorize these programs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 959, the Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2018. It is undeniable that nurses play a critical role in our society’s function, as they are trusted healthcare professionals who are the heart and soul of the healthcare system. H.R. 959 amends the Public Health Service Act by extending support for nursing workforce programs and grants through the fiscal year 2022. This bill will reauthorize the Title VIII nursing workforce development programs. Further, eligibility for advanced nursing education grants will be expanded to include education programs for clinical nurse leaders and all combined registered nurse and graduate degree programs. The Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act bolsters nursing education at all levels, strengthens nursing education and funds institutions educating nurses to practice in rural and medically underserved communities. For nearly six decades, the nursing workforce development programs have helped fortify the workforce by increasing the number of students, faculty, and practicing nurses. Unfortunately, health inequities, inflated costs, and poor health care outcomes are intensifying because of today’s shortfall of appropriately prepared licensed vocational/practical nurses (LVNs/LPNs), registered nurses (RNs), advanced practice registered nurses (APRNs), and nurse faculty. This trend must be ameliorated, as the importance of nurses cannot be understated. Nurses are extremely vital components to quality healthcare and patient education. Nurses are the primary professionals delivering quality health care in the nation, as there are over 4.2 million Registered Nurses in practice today. Moreover, the nurse workforce is expected to continue to grow, due to the current technological advancements for treatments, preventive care needs, and the rising demand from new health reform enrollments. It is imperative that the nursing shortage in society be eliminated, as the need for qualified, experienced nurses is rising and will continue to do so. Insufficient federal investments in nursing education, training, and the overall workforce will only be a detriment to our nation’s quality of healthcare. H.R. 959 ensures that nursing workforce development programs will continue to address the specific needs of the nursing and nurse faculty workforce as well as patients in our communities. By modernizing the current nursing workforce development programs, through technical training and further financial funding, nurses will be able to fulfill the needs of their patients at the highest level. Further funding and training for nurses at all levels ensures that all types and levels of nurses have concrete training and are able to deliver high quality healthcare. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 959, which will strengthen the future of nursing and the health of the nation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 959, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ADVANCING CRITICAL CONNECTIVITY EXPANDS SERVICE, SMALL BUSINESS RESOURCES, OPPORTUNITIES, ACCESS, AND DATA BASED ON ASSESSED NEED AND DEMAND ACT Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3994) to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3994 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Service, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Access, and Data Based on Assessed Need and Demand Act’’ or the ‘‘ACCESS BROADBAND Act’’. SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF INTERNET CONNECTIVITY AND GROWTH. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth within the National Telecommunications and Information Administration. 
(a) O UTREACH .—The Office shall— (1) connect with communities that need access to highspeed internet and improved digital inclusion efforts through various forms of outreach and communication techniques; (2) hold regional workshops across the country to share best practices and effective strategies for promoting broadband access and adoption; (3) develop targeted broadband training and presentations for various demographic communities through various media; and (4) develop and distribute publications (including toolkits, primers, manuals, and white papers) providing guidance, strategies, and insights to communities as the communities develop strategies to expand broadband access and adoption. (b) TRACKING OF FEDERAL DOLLARS .— (1) BROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE .—The Of fice shall track the construction and use of and access to any broadband infrastructure built using any Federal support in a central database. (2) ACCOUNTING MECHANISM .—The Office shall develop a streamlined accounting mechanism by which any agency offering a Federal broadband support program and the Commission through the Universal Service Fund shall provide the information described in paragraph (1) in a standardized and efficient fashion. (3) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter, the Office shall make public on the website of the Office and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the following: (A) A description of the work of the Office for the previous year and the number of residents of the United States that received broadband as result of Federal broadband support programs and the Universal Service Fund program. (B) A description of how many residents of the United States were provided broadband by which universal service mechanism or which Federal broadband support program. (C) An estimate of the economic impact of such broadband deployment efforts on the local economy, including any effect on small businesses or jobs. 
(a) A GENCY CONSULTATION .—The Office shall consult with any agency offering a Federal broadband support program to streamline and standardize the applications process for financial assistance or grants for such program. (b) AGENCY STREAMLINING .—Any agency offering a Federal broadband support program shall amend their applications for broadband support, to the extent practicable and as necessary, to streamline and standardize applications for Federal broadband support programs across the Government. (c) SINGLE APPLICATION .—To the greatest extent practicable, the Office shall seek to create one application that may be submitted to apply for all, or substantially all, Federal broadband support programs. (d) WEBSITE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this 
Act, the Office shall create a central website through which potential applicants can learn about and apply for support through any Federal broadband support program. 
The Office, any agency that offers a Federal broadband support program, and the Commission through the Universal Service Fund shall coordinate with the Office to ensure that support is being distributed in an efficient, technologyneutral, and financially sustainable manner, with the goal of serving the largest number of persons in the United States while avoiding overbuilding and promoting the most job and economic growth for all residents of the United States. 
In this Act: (1) AGENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (2) ASSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information. (3) COMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Commission. (4) FEDERAL BROADBAND SUPPORT PRO GRAM .—The term ‘‘Federal broadband support program’’ does not include any Universal Service Fund program and means any of the following programs (or any other similar Federal program) to the extent the program offers broadband internet service or programs for promoting broadband access and adoption for various demographic communities through various media for residential, commercial, community providers, or academic establishments: (A) The Telecommunications and Technology Program of the Appalachian Regional Commission. (B) The Telecommunications Infrastructure Loans and Loan Guarantees, the Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees, the Substantially Underserved Trust Areas Provisions, the Community Connect Grant Program, and the Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant Program of the Rural Utilities Service of the Department of Agriculture. (C) The Public Works and Economic Adjustment Assistance Programs and the Planning and Local Technical Assistance Programs of the Economic Development Administration of the Department of Commerce. (D) The Community Development Block Grants and Section 108 Loan Guarantees, the Funds for Public Housing Authorities: Capital Fund and Operating Fund, the Multifamily Housing, the Indian Community Development Block Grant Program, the Indian Housing Block Grant Program, the Title VI Loan Guarantee Program, Choice Neighborhoods, the HOME Investment Partnerships Program, the Housing Trust Fund, and the Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. (E) The American Job Centers of the Employment and Training Administration of the Department of Labor. (F) The Library Services and Technology Grant Programs of the Institute of Museum and Library Services. (5) OFFICE .—The term ‘‘Office’’ means the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth established pursuant to section 2. (6) UNIVERSAL SERVICE FUND PROGRAM .— The term ‘‘Universal Service Fund program’’ means any program authorized under section 254 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 254) to help deploy broadband. (7) UNIVERSAL SERVICE MECHANISM .—The term ‘‘universal service mechanism’’ means any funding stream provided by a Universal Service Fund program to support broadband access. SEC. 7. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the ACCESS BROADBAND Act, which Congressman TONKO and I introduced last year. This bill would streamline the Federal grant programs related to broadband deployment, and track how Federal funds are used to a greater extent than is now the case. I thank Congressman TONKO for his leadership on this important issue. Broadband internet is the lifeblood of the American economy, a critical tool for students, and an incubator for the next great innovation. This bill takes the right steps to ensure Federal broadband resources are working to expand access in underserved areas. Being able to have access to the internet means being able to unlock tremendous potential, and we have to make sure that all Americans share in this success. Many local economies are relying on Congress to get this right. In many areas of the country, the cost to deploy broadband infrastructure is prohibitive, which creates a need for Federal funding in cases where a market solution is not possible. With several different broadband support programs across several Federal agencies, there is no single, comprehensive system tracking where and how Federal funds are being spent. Access broadband creates an office within the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, with the task of simplifying the application process for the various support programs, coordinating between the various agencies, and tracking the use and effectiveness of Federal broadband funding. By ensuring coordination, the office will help prevent overbuilding of broadband and make sure Federal funds are going where they are needed most, which should be unserved and underserved areas of the country. This bill and the other bills we have been considering reflect the broad and encompassing jurisdiction of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the important daytoday work and oversight we maintain over a significant portion of the Federal Government. This type of work counts and these bills are important. Energy and Commerce accomplishments like reauthorizing the successful CHIP program, the Ray Baums Act, safely disposing of nuclear waste, and improving consumer protections, have been the pillars of our accomplishments this Congress, and this has occurred in a bipartisan capacity. Bills like the ones we are considering today, keep the wheels of many critical government functions moving. The ACCESS BROADBAND bill is excellent legislation and will improve broadband for many Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3994, the Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Service, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Access, and Data Based on Assessed Need and Demand Act, or in short, ACCESS BROADBAND Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair and ranking member for moving this measure forward, and offer special thanks to my friend, Representative LANCE , for partnering with me on this legislation. I also thank the bipartisan group of Members who have cosponsored this legislation, including 14 members of the Energy and Commerce Committee who have worked together and who agree that these are vital steps worth taking. This bill is about serving the people. My own constituents continue to reach out about their limitations of access to broadband internet throughout the capital region. Some of these areas are rural and many are underserved and unserved entirely. Other areas are underserved with a few houses having access, while many others are left with no affordable options in sight. b1530 Constituents ask: When will we get access? What about western Schenectady County? What about Amsterdam? What about Berne? What about Fort Johnson? What about western Saratoga County in the 20th Congressional District? I have heard from doctors who depend on broadband internet to read X rays when they are on call. I hear from librarians who find students sitting in the library parking lot after hours so that they can access the internet and finish their homework assignments. I hear from workers who are forced to leave home to find high enough internet speed that they can upload or download large files. They all ask: When will we have access? As a Congress, we owe these folk an answer. A lack of access to broadband internet in the capital region is one of many reasons I pushed to join the Energy and Commerce Committee and 
why I have worked to advance this legislation. This bill is the first part of that answer. H.R. 3994, the Advancing Critical Connectivity Expands Service, Small Business Resources, Opportunities, Access, and Data Based on Assessed Need and Demand Act, the ACCESS BROADBAND Act, would establish a coordinating office for Federal broadband resources. It would use existing resources to streamline management of Federal broadband resources across multiple agencies and simplify the process for small businesses and local economic developers to access them. Currently, there is no comprehensive system that tracks where Federal dollars are going and how the funding is impacting communities. Investments are made with little accountability and oversight on behalf of the taxpayer. ACCESS BROADBAND, as an act, would begin to address the issues. This bill would track Federal broadband dollars and streamline management of Federal broadband resources across multiple agencies. Most notably, it would simplify the process for small businesses and local economic developers to access them. There is still much more work to be done on this issue. I do hope that this can serve as a starting place for us to open doors of opportunity and access for the millions of Americans who require the better and improved outcomes by investing in broadband expansion. I thank all of the members and staff working together on ACCESS BROADBAND, helping ensure that our communities can access the broadband resources they need to grow and to prosper. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), who is a member of our committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my colleague’s bill, the ACCESS BROADBAND Act. Mr. TONKO ’s legislation would move to establish an office of Internet Connectivity and Growth at the National Telecommunications and Information Administration to coordinate and track Federal funding for broadband across every agency. This is important because the Federal Government’s grant system can oftentimes be confusing and disjointed, making it difficult for communities and organizations to find grants they may be eligible for. As a result, they may be losing out on opportunities, especially when it comes to broadband needs. Our rural communities continue to struggle, and one area that has been proven to be a boon is access to high speed internet. By encompassing all of these grants into one area, we can help assist communities and organizations across the country in their search for Federal grant funding. Access to broadband is a recipe for growth, allowing people to take and create new opportunities that may not have been there before. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on my side. If the other side is ready to close, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3994, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PRIVATE PROPERTY RIGHTS PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1689) to protect private property rights. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1689 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Private Property Rights Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. PROHIBITION ON EMINENT DOMAIN ABUSE BY STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State or political subdivision of a State shall exercise its power of eminent domain, or allow the exercise of such power by any person or entity to which such power has been delegated, over property to be used for economic development or over property that is used for economic development within 7 years after that exercise, if that State or political subdivision receives Federal economic development funds during any fiscal year in which the property is so used or intended to be used. (b) INELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL FUNDS .—A violation of subsection (a) by a State or political subdivision shall render such State or political subdivision ineligible for any Federal economic development funds for a period of 2 fiscal years following a final judgment on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction that such subsection has been violated, and any Federal agency charged with distributing those funds shall withhold them for such 2year period, and any such funds distributed to such State or political subdivision shall be returned or reimbursed by such State or political subdivision to the appropriate Federal agency or authority of the Federal Government, or component thereof. (c) OPPORTUNITY TOCURE VIOLATION .—A State or political subdivision shall not be ineligible for any Federal economic development funds under subsection (b) if such State or political subdivision returns all real property the taking of which was found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have constituted a violation of subsection (a) and replaces any other property destroyed and repairs any other property damaged as a result of such violation. In addition, the State or political subdivision must pay any applicable penalties and interest to reattain eligibility. SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON EMINENT DOMAIN ABUSE BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. 
The Federal Government or any authority of the Federal Government shall not exercise its power of eminent domain to be used for economic development. 
(a) C AUSE OF ACTION .—Any—(1) owner of private property whose property is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a result of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property; or (2) any tenant of property that is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a result of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property, may bring an action to enforce any provision of this Act in the appropriate Federal or State court. A State shall not be immune under the 11th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States from any such action in a Federal or State court of competent jurisdiction. In such action, the defendant has the burden to show by clear and convincing evidence that the taking is not for economic development. Any such property owner or tenant may also seek an appropriate relief through a preliminary injunction or a temporary restraining order. (b) LIMITATION ON BRINGING ACTION .—An action brought by a property owner or tenant under this Act may be brought if the property is used for economic development following the conclusion of any condemnation proceedings condemning the property of such property owner or tenant, but shall not be brought later than seven years following the conclusion of any such proceedings. (c) ATTORNEYS ’ FEE AND OTHER COSTS.—In any action or proceeding under this Act, the court shall allow a prevailing plaintiff a reasonable attorneys’ fee as part of the costs, and include expert fees as part of the attorneys’ fee. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF REPORT TO ATTORNEY  GENERAL .—Any—(1) owner of private property whose property is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a result of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property; or (2) any tenant of property that is subject to eminent domain who suffers injury as a result of a violation of any provision of this Act with respect to that property, may report a violation by the Federal Government, any authority of the Federal Government, State, or political subdivision of a State to the Attorney General. (b) INVESTIGATION BY ATTORNEY GENERAL .— Upon receiving a report of an alleged violation, the Attorney General shall conduct an investigation to determine whether a violation exists. (c) NOTIFICATION OF VIOLATION .—If the Attorney General concludes that a violation does exist, then the Attorney General shall notify the Federal Government, authority of the Federal Government, State, or political subdivision of a State that the Attorney General has determined that it is in violation of the Act. The notification shall further provide that the Federal Government, State, or political subdivision of a State has 90 days from the date of the notification to demonstrate to the Attorney General either that: (1) it is not in violation of the Act; or 
(2) that it has cured its violation by returning all real property the taking of which the Attorney General finds to have constituted a violation of the Act and replacing any other property destroyed and repairing any other property damaged as a result of such violation. (d) ATTORNEY GENERAL ’SBRINGING OF ACTION TOENFORCE ACT.—If, at the end of the 90day period described in subsection (c), the Attorney General determines that the Federal Government, authority of the Federal Government, State, or political subdivision of a State is still violating the Act or has not cured its violation as described in subsection (c), then the Attorney General will bring an action to enforce the Act unless the property owner or tenant who reported the violation has already brought an action to enforce the Act. In such a case, the Attorney General shall intervene if it determines that intervention is necessary in order to enforce the Act. The Attorney General may file its lawsuit to enforce the Act in the appropriate Federal or State court. A State shall not be immune under the 11th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States from any such action in a Federal or State court of competent jurisdiction. In such action, the defendant has the burden to show by clear and convincing evidence that the taking is not for economic development. The Attorney General may seek any appropriate relief through a preliminary injunction or a temporary restraining order. (e) LIMITATION ON BRINGING ACTION .—An action brought by the Attorney General under this Act may be brought if the property is used for economic development following the conclusion of any condemnation proceedings condemning the property of an owner or tenant who reports a violation of the Act to the Attorney General, but shall not be brought later than seven years following the conclusion of any such proceedings. (f) ATTORNEYS ’ FEE AND OTHER COSTS.—In any action or proceeding under this Act brought by the Attorney General, the court shall, if the Attorney General is a prevailing plaintiff, award the Attorney General a reasonable attorneys’ fee as part of the costs, and include expert fees as part of the attorneys’ fee. 
(a) N OTIFICATION TO STATES AND POLITICAL  SUBDIVISIONS .— (1) Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall provide to the chief executive officer of each State the text of this Act and a description of the rights of property owners and tenants under this Act. (2) Not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall compile a list of the Federal laws under which Federal economic development funds are distributed. The Attorney General shall compile annual revisions of such list as necessary. Such list and any successive revisions of such list shall be communicated by the Attorney General to the chief executive officer of each State and also made available on the Internet website maintained by the United States Department of Justice for use by the public and by the authorities in each State and political subdivisions of each State empowered to take private property and convert it to public use subject to just compensation for the taking. (b) NOTIFICATION TO PROPERTY OWNERS AND  TENANTS .—Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall publish in the Federal Register and make available on the Internet website maintained by the United States Department of Justice a notice containing the text of this Act and a description of the rights of property owners and tenants under this Act. SEC. 7. REPORTS. 
(a) B YATTORNEY GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every subsequent year thereafter, the Attorney General shall transmit a report identifying States or political subdivisions that have used eminent domain in violation of this Act to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. The report shall— (1) identify all private rights of action brought as a result of a State’s or political subdivision’s violation of this Act; (2) identify all violations reported by property owners and tenants under section 5(c) of this Act; (3) identify the percentage of minority residents compared to the surrounding nonminority residents and the median incomes of those impacted by a violation of this Act; (4) identify all lawsuits brought by the Attorney General under section 5(d) of this Act; (5) identify all States or political subdivisions that have lost Federal economic development funds as a result of a violation of this Act, as well as describe the type and amount of Federal economic development funds lost in each State or political subdivision and the Agency that is responsible for withholding such funds; and (6) discuss all instances in which a State or political subdivision has cured a violation as described in section 2(c) of this Act. (b) DUTY OF STATES .—Each State and local authority that is subject to a private right of action under this Act shall have the duty to report to the Attorney General such information with respect to such State and local authorities as the Attorney General needs to make the report required under subsection (a). 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds the following: (1) The founders realized the fundamental importance of property rights when they codified the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution, which requires that private property shall not be taken ‘‘for public use, without just compensation’’. (2) Rural lands are unique in that they are not traditionally considered high tax revenuegenerating properties for State and local governments. In addition, farmland and forest land owners need to have longterm certainty regarding their property rights in order to make the investment decisions to commit land to these uses. (3) Ownership rights in rural land are fundamental building blocks for our Nation’s agriculture industry, which continues to be one of the most important economic sectors of our economy. (4) In the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision in Kelo v. City of New London, abuse of eminent domain is a threat to the property rights of all private property owners, including rural land owners. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the use of eminent domain for the purpose of economic development is a threat to agricultural and other property in rural America and that the Congress should protect the property rights of Americans, including those who reside in rural areas. Property rights are central to liberty in this country and to our economy. The use of eminent domain to take farmland and other rural property for economic development threatens liberty, rural economies, and the economy of the United States. The taking of farmland and rural property will have a direct impact on existing irrigation and reclamation projects. Furthermore, the use of eminent domain to take rural private property for private commercial uses will force increasing numbers of activities from private property onto this Nation’s public lands, including its National forests, National parks and wildlife refuges. This increase can overburden the infrastructure of these lands, reducing the enjoyment of such lands for all citizens. Americans should not have to fear the government’s taking their homes, farms, or businesses to give to other persons. Governments should not abuse the power of eminent domain to force rural property owners from their land in order to develop rural land into industrial and commercial property. Congress has a duty to protect the property rights of rural Americans in the face of eminent domain abuse. SEC. 9. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the policy of the United States to encourage, support, and promote the private ownership of property and to ensure that the constitutional and other legal rights of private property owners are protected by the Federal Government. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON STATES .—No State or political subdivision of a State shall exercise its power of eminent domain, or allow the exercise of such power by any person or entity to which such power has been delegated, over property of a religious or other nonprofit organization by reason of the nonprofit or taxexempt status of such organization, or any quality related thereto if that State or political subdivision receives Federal economic development funds during any fiscal year in which it does so. (b) INELIGIBILITY FOR FEDERAL FUNDS .—A violation of subsection (a) by a State or political subdivision shall render such State or political subdivision ineligible for any Federal economic development funds for a period of 2 fiscal years following a final judgment on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction that such subsection has been violated, and any Federal agency charged with distributing those funds shall withhold them for such 2year period, and any such funds distributed to such State or political subdivision shall be returned or reimbursed by such State or political subdivision to the appropriate Federal agency or authority of the Federal Government, or component thereof. (c) PROHIBITION ON FEDERAL GOVERN MENT .—The Federal Government or any authority of the Federal Government shall not exercise its power of eminent domain over property of a religious or other nonprofit organization by reason of the nonprofit or tax exempt status of such organization, or any quality related thereto. 
SEC. 11. REPORT BY FEDERAL AGENCIES ON REGULATIONS AND PROCEDURES RELATING TO EMINENT DOMAIN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency shall review all rules, regulations, and procedures and report to the Attorney General on the activities of that department or agency to bring its rules, regulations and procedures into compliance with this Act. 
It is the sense of Congress that any and all precautions shall be taken by the government to avoid the unfair or unreasonable taking of property away from survivors of Hurricane Katrina who own, were bequeathed, or assigned such property, for economic development purposes or for the private use of others. 
If the court determines that a violation of this Act has occurred, and that the violation has a disproportionately high impact on the poor or minorities, the Attorney General shall use reasonable efforts to locate former owners and tenants and inform them of the violation and any remedies they may have. 
In this Act the following definitions apply: (1) ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT .—The term ‘‘economic development’’ means taking private property, without the consent of the owner, and conveying or leasing such property from one private person or entity to another private person or entity for commercial enterprise carried on for profit, or to increase tax revenue, tax base, employment, or general economic health, except that such term shall not include— (A) conveying private property— (i) to public ownership, such as for a road, hospital, airport, or military base; (ii) to an entity, such as a common carrier, that makes the property available to the general public as of right, such as a railroad or public facility; (iii) for use as a road or other right of way or means, open to the public for transportation, whether free or by toll; and (iv) for use as an aqueduct, flood control facility, pipeline, or similar use; (B) removing harmful uses of land provided such uses constitute an immediate threat to public health and safety; (C) leasing property to a private person or entity that occupies an incidental part of public property or a public facility, such as a retail establishment on the ground floor of a public building; (D) acquiring abandoned property; (E) clearing defective chains of title; (F) taking private property for use by a utility providing electric, natural gas, telecommunication, water, wastewater, or other utility services either directly to the public or indirectly through provision of such services at the wholesale level for resale to the public; and (G) redeveloping of a brownfield site as defined in the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act (42 U.S.C. 9601(39)). (2) FEDERAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT  
FUNDS .—The term ‘‘Federal economic development funds’’ means any Federal funds distributed to or through States or political subdivisions of States under Federal laws designed to improve or increase the size of the economies of States or political subdivisions of States. (3) STATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any other territory or possession of the United States. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to supersede, limit, or otherwise affect any provision of the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.). 
This Act shall be construed in favor of a broad protection of private property rights, to the maximum extent permitted by the terms of this Act and the Constitution. 
(a) S EVERABILITY .—The provisions of this Act are severable. If any provision of this Act, or any application thereof, is found unconstitutional, that finding shall not affect any provision or application of the Act not so adjudicated. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This Act shall take effect upon the first day of the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act, but shall not apply to any project for which condemnation proceedings have been initiated prior to the date of enactment. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1689, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House is considering H.R. 1689, the Private Property Rights Protection Act. My bill aims to restore the property rights of all Americans that the Supreme Court took away in 2005. The Founders of our country recognized the importance of an individual’s right to personal property when they drafted the Constitution. The Fifth Amendment states: ‘‘nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.’’ In Kelo v. City of New London, the Supreme Court decided that economic development could be a public use under the Fifth Amendment’s Takings Clause. In a 5–4 decision, the Court held that the government could take private property from an owner—in this case, Susette Kelo—to help a corporation or private developer—in this case, Pfizer. The now infamous Kelo decision generated a massive backlash. As former Justice O’Connor stated: ‘‘The government now has license to transfer property from those with fewer resources to those with more. The Founders cannot have intended this perverse result.’’ Even in the 13 years since Kelo, polls show that Americans overwhelmingly oppose property being taken and transferred to another private owner, even if it is for the public economic good. The Private Property Rights Protection Act is needed to restore to all Americans the property rights the Supreme Court invalidated. Although several States have since passed legislation to limit their power to eminent domain, and a number of supreme courts have barred the practice under their State constitutions, these laws exist on a varying degree. H.R. 1689 would prohibit State and local governments that receive Federal economic development funds from using economic development as a justification for taking property from one person and giving to another private entity. Any State or local government that violates this prohibition will be ineligible to receive Federal economic development funds for 2 years. The protection of property rights is one of the most important tenets of our government. I am mindful of the long history of eminent domain abuses, particularly in lowincome and often predominantly minority neighborhoods, and the need to stop it. I am also mindful of the reasons we should allow the government to take the land when the way in which land is being used constitutes an immediate threat to public health and safety. I believe this bill accomplishes both goals. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in protecting private property rights for all Americans and limiting the dangerous effects of the Kelo decision on the most vulnerable in our society. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to H.R. 1689, the Private Property Rights Protection Act of 2017. While I believe this bill is well intentioned, it is the wrong approach to a serious problem. It seeks to prevent abuse of eminent domain power, but its provisions could cripple the finances of State and local governments without even providing a remedy to the victims of an unjust taking. In Kelo v. City of New London, the Supreme Court upheld the right of a municipality to use eminent domain authority to take private property and to transfer it to another private entity for a public purpose. Building on a century of precedent defining public use to include a public purpose, the Court held such a transfer did not violate the Fifth Amendment’s Takings Clause, which provides that no person’s private property shall be taken for public use without just compensation. Critics of the Kelo decision believe that the Court overreached and that eminent domain should be exercised only when the taken property will be owned by the government or by a private entity operating as a public utility. b1545 H.R. 1689 would overturn Kelo by prohibiting any State or local government that receives Federal economic development funds from using eminent domain to transfer private property to another private entity for the purpose of economic development. The bill broadly defines economic development funds to include any Federal funds distributed to States or localities under laws designed to improve or increase their economies. Should a State or local government violate this prohibition, it is subject to the loss of all such funds for 2 years. This draconian remedy could potentially devastate the finances of State 
and local governments. Even projects unrelated to takings could lose funding, and cities could face bankruptcy simply by incorrectly guessing whether a given project would sufficiently qualify as being for a public use. The potential loss of such funding would also have a chilling effect on a government’s willingness to use eminent domain to promote legitimate economic development projects. Even if a government never takes a prohibited action, it would likely be adversely impacted by this bill. Just the potential loss of significant Federal funding may make it impossible for a government to sell municipal bonds or could require a government to pay inordinate interest rates given the possibility that it might, at some point in the future, use eminent domain improperly and thereby lose all Federal economic aid and, with it, the ability to repay the bonds. The power of eminent domain is an extraordinary one and it should be used with great care. Historically, there are examples of States and localities abusing eminent domain for purely private gain or to favor one community at the expense of another. When used inappropriately, this power has wrecked communities for projects, resulting in little economic benefit. When used appropriately, however, eminent domain is an important tool, making possible transportation networks, irrigation projects, and other important public works that support communities and are integral to their economic and social wellbeing. Unfortunately, this bill’s vague definitions may prohibit projects that have a genuine public purpose while allowing others that historically have abused eminent domain. For example, this bill allows use of eminent domain to give property to a private party ‘‘such as a common carrier that makes the property available for use by the general public as of right.’’ That would seem to include a stadium, which is privately owned and available for use by the general public as of right. On the other hand, communities could be barred from using eminent domain to pursue affordable housing projects if they are built using a publicprivate partnership, such as the HOPE VI program, which uses Federal money to encourage private development of mixedincome housing. Yet another shortcoming of the bill is that it does not actually help an aggrieved property owner or tenant because it would not allow them to sue to stop the allegedly prohibited taking. The bill only authorizes suit after a condemnation proceeding has concluded, when it is too late. In addition, injured persons would not be entitled to any damages other than the just compensation they got at the time of the taking. All they could get is the psychic satisfaction they may receive from bankrupting their community after the fact. I would also point out that this bill is unnecessary, since more than 40 States have already moved aggressively to narrow their eminent domain laws in the 13 years since Kelo was decided. Finally, H.R. 1689 undermines federalism, and it may raise constitutional concerns. Subject to the Takings Clause, local land use decisions are generally left to the judgments of State and local governments, which are in the best position to weigh local conditions and competing interests. This is the essence of federalism, and Congress should not be in the business of sitting as a national zoning board. Also, the loss of all economic funding, even for projects that may have nothing to do with takings, is so draconian that it may amount to an unconstitutional coercion of State and local governments. Accordingly, I oppose this bill, and I would simply make two comments to amplify on what I said. If you want to stop improper takings, all right, but have a proper remedy. Allow the alleged victim of the improper taking to go to court, sue for an injunction to stop the improper taking, and get monetary damages, if any. That would be at least a reasonable remedy. Instead, this bill says that you can’t go to court to get an injunction; you can’t get damages. All you can do is wait until after the improper taking has occurred—you already lost your property—then you can go to court; and if the court finds you are right, that it was an improper use of the eminent domain procedure, then the government will lose economic aid for 2 years. It doesn’t help the plaintiff. It doesn’t help the property owner. All it does is bankrupt the community. So what is the point? Second, as I mentioned before, this could injure communities that never do an improper taking because, if I am the mayor, I may not be able to float a bond lest somebody think that maybe my successor once or twice removed may, 20 years down the line or 10 years down the line, do an improper taking. And then the Federal Government would come in, stop all economic aid, and we wouldn’t be able to repay the bonds. So this would impair the ability of States or local governments to bond for projects. It wouldn’t help the victim—there may even be no victim—but it would hurt the government. It makes no sense. This is a real problem. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there are two flaws in the gentleman’s argument. The first flaw, we ought to go back to why the Kelo case got to the Supreme Court. Mrs. Kelo owned a house. She didn’t want to sell it. What the city decided is that the public purpose that was served was by condemning the house and allowing an office building to be built so that the community could collect higher property taxes because the office building would end up being assessed at a greater value than Mrs. Kelo’s house. Now, that was the socalled public purpose. The thing is, without this legislation, any property that could be taxed higher if it were condemned and there were a replacement property that was put up could end up being condemned under the Kelo decision, and the homeowner would be out of luck and out of their house and have to find some more housing. The second complaint the gentleman from New York makes is that the penalties for violations are too severe. Well, you don’t change the activity of anybody if there are no penalties at all or the penalty is just a tap on the wrist. Just think of what would happen if we still had a law that said that everybody had to stop at a red light, but there was never a fine or any points or any impact on one’s insurance policy because there was no moving vehicle violation. Good luck everybody in this country getting home from work tonight if that were the attitude toward traffic violations. There has to be some kind of a severe violation. If the city is concerned that they might be violating the terms of this bill, they can always go to court and ask that their condemnation action be withdrawn. Hopefully, the judge will grant it to be withdrawn with prejudice, but at least it can be withdrawn. The city can stop this procedure any time they want to before there is an actual condemnation judgment that is entered by the court. This is designed to slow down and stop legislation when the sole public purpose is to collect more property taxes because there is a more expensive structure that is being built there. Both of these arguments, I think, do not have any merit whatsoever and that is why this bill ought to pass. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I first comment, the gentleman from Wisconsin says that we object that the penalty is too severe. We do not object that the penalty is too severe. We object that the penalty is irrelevant, that the penalty won’t help the plaintiff. It won’t help to prevent the misuse, number one. And number two, it could be a plot that would have the practical effect, when there is no misuse, no taking at all, of having a deleterious effect on 
the community’s bond rating, even when there is no taking. If you are going to do this bill and you want to narrow the definition of a public purpose, which is the purpose of the bill, I am not sure we can do that, given the fact that the Supreme Court has decided what it is. Assuming we could do that, fine, but have an appropriate remedy, a remedy that would enable the plaintiffs to get an injunction against the taking, that would give them monetary damages, which is the way we normally do things, not a remedy that will not prevent the taking and only will damage a community, whether or not it does any improper takings. That doesn’t make sense. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I want to ask the gentleman a couple of questions, but I want to preface my questions by saying I think that this is a terrible lost opportunity for serious, bipartisan legislation to address the problem of eminent domain abuse that has been taking place across the country and has been for several decades. I recommend to everybody a report of the Cato Institute by David Boaz, which summarizes what is taking place around the country. One of the worst perpetrators of eminent domain abuse in the country is a business developer named Donald Trump. In the mid1990s, he built the casino and the hotel in Atlantic City, but he wanted to evict a woman named Vera Coking, who was exactly in the same position as Mrs. Kelo would be in a decade later. She had lived in this Victorian house at the end of the boardwalk in Atlantic City for several decades, but Donald Trump wanted to build a VIP limo parking lot to go with the existing hotel. He offered her some money and she said: No, thank you. My family has lived in this house for a long time. We want to stay here. Our kids go to school here. He offered her a little bit more money and she said: No, it’s not for sale. We are going to stay here. So they created something called the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority, controlled by, essentially, the Trump Corporation, but they got the city to do it, and they tried to force her out. Luckily, the Cato Institute and some libertarian lawyers defended her rights. But the legislation that is being brought forward today by the Republicans now on a totally partisan basis would do nothing for people in the situation of Mrs. Coking or Mrs. Kelo, because it doesn’t give them any rights to sue. All it says is we are going to cut off money to government agencies. It would be like saying: Well, in a case like that, we will cut off money to every city and town in New Jersey, not just Atlantic City, but to Newark, New Jersey, and to Freehold, New Jersey. We are going to cut off money all over the State. It has got nothing to do with the actual problem. It doesn’t help the people who are actually suffering under the problem of eminent domain abuse. If we want to help them, let’s give them a Federal right of action; or, if all you can do is cut off Federal money, cut off the particular city that is involved, but not every city or county that is receiving money under a Federal program. Mr. NADLER made a point which I thought was really interesting, which is that this is a solution that doesn’t address the problem. If we want to save people from getting evicted from their homes under the Kelo decision, which President Trump applauded and said he supports 100 percent, but if we want to save people from policies under the Kelo decision, shouldn’t we give them rights rather than make some kind of Federal subsidy decision which is of constitutional question, in any event? Mr. NADLER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RASKIN. I yield to the gentleman from New York. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman. The standard way in which someone can vindicate rights is to sue. If the local government wants to abuse the rights of a homeowner, let’s say, by an improper taking, the proper way for us to help is to give them the right to sue and to get injunctive relief. Let them go into Federal court and get an injunction which says: Do not tear down the building. Do not take away title. You can’t do it because this is too broad a use of taking. It is a violation of the Fifth Amendment. This bill won’t actually help that person because it gives them no rights except the right after they have lost the property. It gives them the right to go to court and not get any relief for themselves, not get the property back, not get any monetary damages, not get an injunction. It gives them the right to go into court and seek to block financial aid to the community. So they can say, ‘‘I took revenge on the community,’’ but what is the point? It doesn’t help them. Mr. RASKIN. Reclaiming my time, rather than giving actual rights to people in the position of Mrs. Kelo or Mrs. Coking, who is going to be forced out of her house in Atlantic City, this, instead, places a very broad burden on the government and in such a way that it, I think, renders the whole legislation constitutionally suspect. Mr. Speaker, don’t we have constitutional decisions that say the government or Congress can’t go so far as to punish an entire State government for something that one municipality does? Doesn’t it seem like it is sort of going nuclear in order to get a mosquito? I yield to the gentleman from New York. b1600 Mr. NADLER. I think there are such decisions, and this would seem to violate them. Mr. RASKIN. Isn’t that what the Medicaid decision was all about? Mr. NADLER. Yes. The Medicaid decision said you cannot draft the local government to exercise a function for the Federal Government, which this would seem to do also. Mr. RASKIN. Doesn’t it also say that we can’t threaten to drive you out of the Medicaid program entirely because you refuse to accept one particular program that we want to impose upon you? Mr. NADLER. That is exactly what it said. Mr. RASKIN. Not only is this legislation completely illusory in terms of not really helping people who have the problem, but it might just be struck down. Mr. Speaker, how can you cut off the people of Newark, New Jersey, or Freehold, New Jersey, because of something that happens in Atlantic City, New Jersey? It doesn’t even help the people in Atlantic City, New Jersey, who are facing the problem with the big real estate developer who has bought up all the political power to try to drive somebody out of their home. Mr. NADLER. I agree with the gentleman. I think the gentleman from Maryland makes a very valid point. Mr. Speaker, for all these reasons, I oppose this bill. I would simply say: We agree there is a serious problem with abuse of eminent domain, and we agree there may very well be decent legislation that would do something about the problem. If you are going to do it, draft legislation that really deals with the problem, that is constitutional, that will protect the small person such as Mrs. Kelo but that won’t bankrupt the community in a way that is probably unconstitutional anyway. This bill is not the solution. We could, on a bipartisan basis, work for an intelligent solution, but this is not it. Accordingly, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge the defeat of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. First of all, the protection of private ownership of property is vital to individual freedom and national prosperity. It is also one of the most fundamental constitutional principles, as the Founders enshrined property rights protections throughout the Constitution, including in the Fifth Amendment, which provides that private property shall not be taken for public use without just compensation. This clause created two conditions to the government taking private property: first, the subsequent use of the property must be for the use of the public and, second, that the government must pay the owner just compensation for the property. 
However, more than a decade ago the Supreme Court, in the 5–4 Kelo v. City of New London decision, expanded the ability of State and local governments to exercise eminent domain powers beyond what is allowed by the text of the Constitution, by allowing government to seize property under the vague guise of economic development, even when the public use turns out to be nothing more than the generation of tax revenues by another private party after the government takes property from private individuals and gives it to another private entity. As the dissenting Justices observed, by defining public use so expansively, the result of the Kelo decision is, effectively, to delete the words ‘‘for public use’’ from the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment. The specter of condemnation hangs over all property. The government now has license to transfer property from those with few resources to those with more. The Founders cannot have intended this perverse result. In the wake of this decision, State and local governments can use eminent domain powers to take the property of any individual for nearly any reason. Cities may now bulldoze citizens’ homes, farms, churches, and small businesses to make way for shopping malls or other developments. To help prevent such abuse, using Congress’ constitutional legislative powers, it is important Congress finally passes the Private Property Rights Protection Act. I want to thank Mr. SENSENBRENNER  for reintroducing this legislation. He and I have worked together on this issue for many years, and I am pleased that this legislation incorporates many provisions from legislation I helped to introduce in the 109th Congress, the STOPP Act. Specifically, the Private Property Rights Protection Act would prohibit State and local governments from receiving Federal economic development funds for 2 years when they use economic development as a justification for taking property from one person and giving it to another private entity. In addition, this legislation grants adversely affected landowners the right to use appropriate legal remedies to enforce the provisions of the bill and allows State and local governments to cure violations by giving the property back to the original owner. The bill also includes a carefully crafted definition of economic development that protects traditional uses of eminent domain, such as taking land for public uses like roads and pipelines, while prohibiting abuses of the eminent domain power. No one should have to live in fear of the government’s taking their home, farm, or business simply to give it to a wealthier person or corporation. As the Institute for Justice’s witness observed during a hearing on this bill, using eminent domain so that another richer, betterconnected person may live or work on the land you used to own tells Americans that their hopes, dreams, and hard work do not matter as much as money and political influence. The use of eminent domain for private development has no place in a country built on traditions of independence, hard work, and protection of property rights. This legislation has passed the House three times previously, either by voice vote or with the support of at least 80 percent of House Members in an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, only to be stalled in the Senate. But the fight for people’s homes continues, as will this committee’s efforts to protect Federal taxpayers from any involvement in eminent domain abuse. Just a few years ago, every single Republican Member voted for the very same legislation on the House floor, as did twothirds of Democratic Members. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this overwhelmingly bipartisan effort. I want to respond to some of the issues raised by the gentleman from New York and the gentleman from Maryland. Pursuant to Congress’ powers under the Constitution’s Spending Clause, the Private Property Rights Protection Act conditions the receipt of Federal economic development funds on State and local governments agreeing not to use eminent domain for private economic development takings. Federal law currently permits expending Federal funds to support the use of eminent domain for these abusive takings. In our current economy, and with the Federal Government running deficits every year, Congress should not be spending American taxpayers’ scarce economic development funds to support State and local governments that unconstitutionally deprive hardworking Americans of their homes, farms, and small businesses. By conditioning the receipt of Federal economic development funds on State and local governments agreeing not to take property for commercial development, this provision in the bill ends the Federal Government’s complicit support of eminent domain abuse. The enforcement provisions in the base bill are comprehensive, and they include all manner of relief from preliminary injunctions and temporary restraining orders, to the awarding of attorney’s fees, to the ability of the State or locality to return or replace the property to avoid the penalties under the bill. Even those comprehensive enforcement mechanisms, on their own, are not enough. We must end Federal monetary support for economic development takings. If State governments retain control over eminent domain decisions, then, of course, those States should be held responsible for the State’s own actions. But in Virginia, my State, local governments are not allowed to condemn property for economic development purposes. In Virginia, the socalled Dillon Rule provides that localities can act only in areas in which the State general assembly has granted clear authority. So, in Virginia, local governments have only the authorities granted to them by the General Assembly, and the Virginia General Assembly has empowered local governments in Virginia to condemn property for roads, schools, and other public uses, but local governments do not have the right to condemn property for economic development. In fact, back in 2000, Virginia Beach city government tried to condemn private property on the oceanfront to help a Hilton hotel build a parking garage, but Circuit Court Judge H. Thomas Padrick, Jr., ruled that Virginia Beach could not use eminent domain for that purpose, finding that the legislature did not intend to allow a city to condemn property solely for its economic benefit and development. Indeed, after the Supreme Court handed down its notorious decision in the Kelo case, a spokeswoman for the Virginia attorney general said the following: As per the constitution of Virginia, public use in eminent domain is defined by the general assembly. There is no proviso in our constitution to use eminent domain for economic development. 
As a result of the Kelo decision, this bill won’t have an impact on Virginia. Finally, regarding Representative RASKIN ’s comments about how the bill relates to the Supreme Court’s NFIB v. Sebelius case, the ObamaCare case, the bill, as currently drafted, would certainly not run afoul of anything in it for several reasons. The court made clear in the case that Congress may attach appropriate conditions to Federal taxing and spending programs to preserve its control over the use of Federal funds. That is what the bill does: deny the use of Federal economic development funds to jurisdictions that have demonstrated their willingness to abuse eminent domain and thereby demonstrated their willingness to use Federal funds to further future abuses of eminent domain if allowed to do so. The court went on to cite the South Dakota v. Dole case, in which a Federal law threatened to withhold 5 percent of a State’s Federal Highway Fund if the State did not raise its drinking age to 21. The court found that the condition was directly related to one of the main purposes for which highway funds are expended: safe interstate travel. In the same way, the bill’s restrictions are directly related to one of the main purposes for which Congress should intend Federal economic development funds to be expended: economic development that does not infringe on the property rights of individual property owners. The court pointed out that, in the South Dakota v. Dole case, the Federal funds at stake constituted less than onehalf of 1 percent of South Dakota’s budget at the time; whereas, the potential loss of funds at issue in NFIB v. 
Sebelius were such that Medicaid spending accounts were over 20 percent of the average State’s total budget. No one is claiming that Federal economic development funds, however defined, would constitute anything near 20 percent of a State’s total budget. In NFIB v. Sebelius, the court also cited the Pennhurst v. Halderman case and characterized its holdings as, though Congress’ power to legislate under the Spending Clause is broad, it does not include surprising participating States with postacceptance or retroactive conditions. That, of course, is not the case with the bill, which applies its prohibition upon the receipt of Federal economic development funds only after a State had been found by a court, in a final judgment on the merits, to have violated the act. Finally, not only is it implausible that the bill would ever run afoul of Supreme Court precedent due to the relatively small size of Federal economic development funds in the context of a State or a locality’s entire annual budget; the bill contains a further safety valve in that it gives the attorney general the discretion to promulgate precisely which Federal funding streams are Federal economic development funds under the bill. So, if a constitutional issue ever arose, the attorney general could simply scale back the size of its promulgated list accordingly. It seems to me it can’t be claimed this bill is unconstitutional under any reasonable reading of any existing Supreme Court precedent. Regarding federalism values generally, the key point is that there actually is a very close nexus between Federal development funding and eminent domain, even if the funding is not used on eminent domain projects. Money is fungible, of course. If the bill were amended to disallow only the use of Federal economic development funds on eminent domain projects, it would be very easy for an offending jurisdiction to game the system by artificially segmenting a project into parts that use eminent domain and parts that don’t. That segmentation would happen both vertically, by dividing a project into stages, and horizontally, by dividing a single project into very small geographic segments. The entirely appropriate federalism message the base bill sends to States and localities is that, if you are going to do economic development but abuse eminent domain, that is fine, but you will be on your own for a while and go without Federal taxpayer complicity in your abuse of eminent domain. Mr. Speaker, this is good legislation. The concerns addressed by the minority are addressed clearly in this legislation. There is strong bipartisan support for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this and, once again, send it to the United States Senate, where we can only hope that they will someday see the wisdom of protecting the constitutional rights of lawabiding citizens. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1689. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANTITERRORISM CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5954) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5954 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AntiTerrorism Clarification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF THE TERM ‘‘ACT OF WAR’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2331 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the term ‘military force’ does not include any person that— ‘‘(A) has been designated as a— ‘‘(i) foreign terrorist organization by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) specially designated global terrorist (as such term is defined in section 594.310 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) by the Secretary of State or the Secretary of the Treasury; or ‘‘(B) has been determined by the court to not be a ‘military force’.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any civil action pending on or commenced after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end following: ‘‘(e) USE OF BLOCKED ASSETS TOSATISFY  JUDGMENTS OF U.S. N ATIONALS .—For pur poses of section 201 of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note), in any action in which a national of the United States has obtained a judgment against a terrorist party pursuant to this section, the term ‘blocked asset’ shall include any asset of that terrorist party (including the blocked assets of any agency or instrumentality of that party) seized or frozen by the United States under section 805(b) of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1904(b)).’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any judgment entered before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 4. CONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2334 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) CONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), for purposes of any civil action under section 2333 of this title, a defendant shall be deemed to have consented to personal jurisdiction in such civil action if, regardless of the date of the occurrence of the act of international terrorism upon which such civil action was filed, the defendant— ‘‘(A) after the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, accepts— ‘‘(i) any form of assistance, however provided, under chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) any form of assistance, however provided, under section 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291) for international narcotics control and law enforcement; or ‘‘(iii) any form of assistance, however provided, under chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2349bb et seq.); or ‘‘(B) in the case of a defendant benefiting from a waiver or suspension of section 1003 of the AntiTerrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5202) after the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) continues to maintain any office, headquarters, premises, or other facilities or establishments within the jurisdiction of the United States; or ‘‘(ii) establishes or procures any office, headquarters, premises, or other facilities or establishments within the jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any defendant who ceases to engage in the conduct described in paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) for 5 consecutive calendar years.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. b1615 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5954, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Congress enacted the AntiTerrorism Act of 1992 in order to help combat international terrorism and to provide some level of financial 
justice to American victims of terrorism. The 1992 act added a civil remedy to the ATA’s existing criminal regime, removing jurisdictional hurdles that often confounded terrorism victims’ ability to get their day in court. The act has been largely successful. However, from time to time, the 1992 act has also needed modifications to ensure that it is fully serving its purposes. For instance, just last Congress, in the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, I helped lead the charge in the House to amend the civil liability provision to make sure that those who aid and abet or conspire with foreign terrorist organizations are liable under the ATA. In addition, in 2012, the Judiciary Committee worked to lengthen the statute of limitations on civil ATA claims to provide victims with the time they need to file these often complex lawsuits. The bill we are considering today, the Antiterrorism Clarification Act, builds on these previous technical amendments to the ATA. It makes three needed improvements in order to better ensure that victims of international terrorism can obtain justice in U.S. courts against terrorists and their supporters. First, the bill clarifies the ATA’s act of war exception. Defendants accused of aiding and abetting acts of international terrorism have been attempting to use this exception as a means of avoiding civil liability, even in cases in which the plaintiffs’ injuries were caused by the actions of designated terrorist groups. For example, in Kaplan v. Central Bank of Iran, the defendant financial institution successfully argued that rocket attacks against civilians carried out by Hezbollah, a designated foreign terrorist organization, were acts of war and, thus, outside the scope of the ATA’s civil liability provisions. The act of war exception should not be a liability shield for those who aid or abet attacks carried out by designated terrorist organizations. This legislation amends the definition of ‘‘act of war’’ in the ATA to clarify that the exception does not apply to U.S. Governmentdesignated foreign terrorist organizations or specially designated global terrorists. Second, at the urging of Representative POSEY , the author of the CAPTIVE Act, we included language in the bill to strengthen the ATA’s civil enforcement regime by permitting victims of narcoterrorism to satisfy their court awarded judgments with the assets of foreign narcotics drug kingpins. Assets blocked by the Federal Government under the Kingpin Designation Act are not currently available to victims, leaving victims of the FARC and other narcoterrorists without a meaningful method of getting compensation for their injuries. Finally, this legislation addresses recent Federal court decisions that have called into question the continued ability of victims to bring terrorists and their supporters to justice under the ATA’s civil liability regime. The ATA was specifically designed to provide extraterritorial jurisdiction over terrorists who attack U.S. nationals overseas. However, these recent cases have severely limited the extraterritorial scope of the ATA. The Antiterrorism Clarification Act amends the jurisdiction and venue section of the ATA to make clear that defendants who take advantage of certain benefits provided by the U.S. Government shall be deemed to have consented to personal jurisdiction in U.S. courts in ATA civil actions. No defendant should be able to accept U.S. foreign assistance while simultaneously dodging responsibility in U.S. courts for supporting or carrying out terrorist attacks that harm Americans. I want to thank Ranking Member NADLER , along with Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman GRASSLEY and Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee Ranking Member NELSON for joining me in introducing this bicameral and bipartisan bill. I urge my colleagues to support us in passing this legislation to clarify ambiguities in the ATA that terrorist sponsors have exploited to evade liability so that we can help ensure that Americans are able to hold terrorists and their supporters accountable. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5954, the Antiterrorism Clarification Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill, of which I am proud to be the lead Democratic sponsor, amends the AntiTerrorism Act, or ATA, to make it easier for American victims of international terrorism to have their day in court, to obtain some measure of justice for their injuries, and to hold terrorists accountable for their heinous acts. The ATA provides that U.S. nationals, or their survivors or heirs, may recover treble damages and attorney’s fees and costs for any civil action arising from an injury sustained by an act of international terrorism. H.R. 5954 seeks to minimize certain procedural obstacles that ATA plaintiffs have encountered in their attempts to obtain full relief for their injuries. For example, the ATA contains an exception for injuries caused by an ‘‘act of war,’’ which it defines, in relevant part, as including ‘‘armed conflict between military forces of any origin.’’ Unfortunately, this ambiguous statutory language has led to considerable confusion among Federal courts as to the proper scope of the act of war exception, and even as to the proper kind of analysis to apply when the armed conflict at issue involves a terrorist group such as Hamas or Hezbollah. For example, in one case, the court found that the act of war exception prevented U.S. civilians injured by Hezbollah rocket attacks into Israel from pursuing their claims under the ATA. Yet, in another case, a different court concluded that gunshots fired into Israel by Hamas that resulted in injury to a U.S. civilian did not constitute an act of war and, therefore, was compensable. H.R. 5954 resolves this confusion by specifying, among other things, that a foreign terrorist organization or a specially designated global terrorist, as designated by the executive branch, is not a ‘‘military force’’ and, therefore, is subject to ATA liability. This change makes it clear that violent actions targeted at U.S. civilians by a terrorist group are acts of terrorism that could give rise to liability under the ATA. Indeed, to read the act of war exception otherwise, as some courts have done, threatens to undermine the ATA’s entire purpose. Even if victims successfully obtain a judgment under the ATA, many plaintiffs find it impossible to obtain full compensation for their injuries because there are not sufficient assets available to satisfy the judgment. This bill would address that problem as well. Under current law, terrorism victims can reach assets blocked pursuant to the Trading with the Enemy Act or the International Emergency Economic Powers Act to satisfy terrorismrelated court judgments. This bill would simply allow terrorism victims also to attach assets that have been blocked pursuant to the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act. The final hurdle to bringing ATA claims that this bill helps overcome is an overly narrow reading of personal jurisdiction that some courts have applied, which has prevented some victims from bringing those responsible for their injuries to justice. Most recently, this occurred in the Second Circuit’s misguided decision in Sokolow v. PLO. In Sokolow, several plaintiffs, including Morris and Eva Waldman, two of my constituents, sought relief under the ATA for injuries sustained as a result of various terrorist attacks in Israel that killed or injured U.S. citizens. Although a district court awarded the plaintiffs $655 million in damages, the Second Circuit reversed, wrongly concluding, in my view, that the district court lacked personal jurisdiction over the defendants in that case; namely, the Palestinian Liberation Organization and the Palestinian Authority. The court reasoned that the defendants’ contacts, including maintaining offices in Washington and New York and the activities associated with those offices, were insufficient to support personal jurisdiction. This bill responds to the Second Circuit’s decision by deeming a party to have consented to personal jurisdiction if the party accepts foreign assistance of any kind from the United States beginning 120 days after the bill’s enactment date. In the case of the PLO, or affiliated entities, it would also deem 
consent if the defendant maintains an office in the U.S. jurisdiction 120 days or more after the enactment date. By undertaking one of these acts, a potential defendant is sufficiently on notice that it is consenting to personal jurisdiction in an ATA case. My support for H.R. 5954 is part of my longstanding efforts to secure a measure of justice for terrorism victims, including leading House efforts to reauthorize the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund. I was also the lead House Democratic sponsor of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, which helped ensure that 9/11 victims and other victims of terrorism on American soil can bring their claims in court, regardless of where the foreign conduct occurred. This bill is a natural extension of those efforts. For these reasons, I support this important bipartisan measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ), who has been a real champion in protecting the rights of the victims of terrorism. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend Chairman GOODLATTE for introducing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this bill we are considering is, obviously, as you heard from both sides, a great piece of legislation that will ensure American victims of international terrorism can obtain justice in U.S. courts by holding accountable those who commit, aid, or abet terrorist activity abroad. I have long been fighting for victims of terrorism. In fact, in 2014, I introduced legislation that would allow victims of narcoterrorism to recover courtawarded damages. A version of the bill, known as the CAPTIVE Act, passed the House by unanimous consent in 2016. I am ecstatic that we have a bill that seeks to help a number of victims, including those I have been fighting for since 2014. On February 13, 2003, four Americans who were Department of Defense contractors on a U.S. Government counternarcotics flight mission in Colombia were shot down by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, also known as FARC. It is a violent guerilla gang heavily involved in narcotics trafficking. The pilot, Tom Janis, who was immediately executed by the terrorists, and three Floridians, Keith Stansell, Mark Gonsalves, and Tom Howes, who is my constituent, were kidnapped, held hostage in the jungle, and tortured for more than 5
1⁄2years until they were rescued by the Colombian army. These heroes are seeking longdeserved justice for themselves and their families against those who carried out unthinkable acts of violence. Today, victims cannot access frozen assets under the Kingpin Act. The bill before us, the Antiterrorism Clarification Act, would change that by finally closing the loophole to allow these former hostages and the family of the slain pilot access to the assets of narcoticstrafficking partners of the foreign terrorist organization FARC and other organizations that are frozen under the Kingpin Act. We owe it to these brave Americans and others, and their families, to make them whole again. Mr. Speaker, it is a simple piece of legislation. It would make it easier for all victims of narcoterrorism to recover courtawarded damages. I urge support. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, although nothing can ever bring back the lives lost to terrorism or repair the emotional scars of the survivors, terrorism victims deserve the chance to achieve some justice through our courts. Congress’ purpose in passing the ATA was to give them that chance. I believe H.R. 5954 will help further that purpose by addressing procedural barriers that have unfairly stood in their way. In closing, I thank Judiciary Committee Chairman BOBGOODLATTE for his leadership on this important measure. I strongly support H.R. 5954, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5954, the AntiTerrorism Clarification Act of 2018, which amends title 18 of the United States Code to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is vital that we correctly classify terrorist activities. H.R. 5954 (1) clarifies ambiguities in the Antiterrorism Act of 1992 (ATA’s) ‘‘act of war’’ exception that allow designated foreign terrorists and their supporters to avoid liability; (2) closes a loophole that prevents victims of narcoterrorism from enforcing their judgments against terrorist assets that have been blocked by the Treasury Department; and (3) addresses lower court decisions that have allowed entities that sponsor terrorist activity against U.S. nationals overseas to avoid the jurisdiction of U.S. courts. This will amend the AntiTerrorism Act (ATA) to make it easier for plaintiffs to pursue claims under that statute. H.R. 5954 has three principal provisions. First, it would clarify and narrow the ‘‘act of war’’ exception to liability under the ATA. Second, the bill would provide that ATA plaintiffs may reach the assets of a defendant That have been blocked pursuant to the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act to satisfy an ATA judgment. Third, H.R. 5954 would establish that for purposes of any ATA civil action, a defendant is ‘‘deemed to have consented’’ to personal jurisdiction in such civil action regardless of when the act of international terrorism at issue took place if the defendant accepted U.S. foreign assistance funds or, in certain circumstances, the defendant maintains an office or other facilities within U.S. jurisdiction. H.R. 5954 legislation is necessary to allow injured persons to pursue their claims and I offer my support. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5954. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5954, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1630 FOUNDATION OF THE FEDERAL BAR ASSOCIATION CHARTER AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4100) to amend title 36, United States Code, to revise the Federal charter for the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4100 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foundation of the Federal Bar Association Charter Amendments Act of 2017’’. 
Section 70501 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (b) and redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (b). 
Section 70503 of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) ELIGIBILITY .—Except as provided in this chapter, eligibility for membership in the corporation and the rights and privileges of members are as provided in the bylaws.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (b); and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) NONDISCRIMINATION .—The terms of membership may not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, or national origin.’’. 
Section 70504 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70504. Governing body ‘‘(a) BOARD OF DIRECTORS .—The board of directors is the governing body of the corporation. The board may exercise, or provide for the exercise of, the powers of the corporation. The board of directors and the responsibilities of the board are as provided in the bylaws. ‘‘(b) OFFICERS .—The officers and the election of the officers are as provided for in the bylaws. ‘‘(c) NONDISCRIMINATION .—The requirements for serving as a director or officer may not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, or national origin.’’. 
Section 70507 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70507. Restrictions ‘‘(a) STOCK AND DIVIDENDS .—The corporation may not issue stock or declare or pay a dividend. ‘‘(b) POLITICAL ACTIVITIES .—The corporation or a director or officer in his or her corporate capacity may not contribute to, support, or participate in any political activity or in any manner attempt to influence legislation. ‘‘(c) DISTRIBUTION OF INCOME OR ASSETS .— The income or assets of the corporation may not inure to the benefit of, or be distributed to, a director, officer, or member during the life of the charter granted by this chapter. This subsection does not prevent the payment, in amounts approved by the board of directors, of— ‘‘(1) reasonable compensation; or ‘‘(2) reimbursement for expenses incurred in undertaking the corporation’s business, to officers, directors, or members. This subsection does not prevent the award of a grant to a Federal Bar Association chapter of which an officer, director, member may be a member. This subsection also does not prevent the payment of reasonable compensation to the corporation’s employees for services undertaken on behalf of the corporation. ‘‘(d) LOANS .—The corporation may not make a loan to a director, officer, member, or employee. ‘‘(e) IMMUNITY FROM LIABILITY .—Members and private individuals are not liable for the obligations of the corporation. ‘‘(f) CLAIM OF GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OR  AUTHORITY .—The corporation may not claim congressional approval or the authority of the United States Government for any of its activities; it may, however, acknowledge this charter.’’. 
Section 70508 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the District of Columbia,’’ and inserting ‘‘a United States location decided by the board of directors and specified in the bylaws,’’. 
Section 70510 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70510. Service of process ‘‘The corporation shall comply with the law on service of process of the State or District in which it is incorporated.’’. 
SEC. 8. DEPOSIT OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION OR FINAL LIQUIDATION. 
Section 70512 of title 36, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 70512. Deposit of assets on dissolution or final liquidation ‘‘On dissolution or final liquidation of the corporation, any assets of the corporation remaining after the discharge of all liabilities shall be distributed as provided by the board of directors, but in compliance with the charter and bylaws.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4100, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the mission of the Federal Bar Association is to ‘‘strengthen the Federal legal system and administration of justice by serving the interests and the needs of the Federal practitioner, both public and private, the Federal judiciary, and the public they serve.’’ The Federal Bar Association’s membership includes more than 18,000 Federal lawyers, including 1,500 Federal judges, who, as the Association states, ‘‘work together to promote the sound administration of justice and integrity, quality, and independence of the judiciary.’’ The FBA received a Federal charter in 1954. STEVE CHABOT has introduced H.R. 4100, the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association Charter Amendments Act. The Foundation wrote to the Judiciary Committee stating that: 
We wholeheartedly endorse H.R. 4100, which would provide for technical changes to the Federal charter of the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association. . . . The technical amendments embodied in H.R. 4100 will provide reasonable and necessary flexibility to the Foundation to assist in the governance and management of the Foundation’s affairs. Under the legislation, the mission of the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association will remain unchanged in the promotion and support of legal research and education concerning the Federal administration of justice, the advancement of the science of jurisprudence, and the fostering of improvements in the practice of Federal law. . . . Since 1954, and especially over the past two decades, the Foundation has devoted significant effort toward the enlargement of its educational and charitable programs, including the creation of a fellows program, support of academic and legal scholarship, creation of donor advised funds, establishment of assistance funds for the victims of terrorism and natural disasters, creation of scholarship programs for law students and the children of Federal attorneys, and grant assistance for Federal Bar Association chapters conducting pro bono and other community service projects. . . . These wideranging efforts have been successful, but also have exposed the limitations of the Foundation’s 1954 charter, particularly with respect to eligibility for membership and governance of the Foundation. . . . The technical corrections . . . would address these concerns and provide greater flexibility to the Foundation in a fashion similar to the authority and privileges enjoyed by other . . . organizations federally chartered by Congress. . . . 
The bill, among other things, allows the Foundation to have its principal office outside of the District of Columbia, gives its board of directors more leeway in meeting its responsibilities, and adds a nondiscrimination clause. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4100, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4100, the Foundation of the Federal Bar Association Charter Amendments Act of 2017, provides the Federal Bar Association, FBA, with the organizational flexibility it needs to fully meet its contemporary mission, and I support it. The original 1954 charter created a framework that has effectively served FBA for the last six decades. During these years, the Foundation has strengthened Federal jurisprudence, advanced legal education, and promoted effective legal practice. The organization’s initiatives have also directly improved the lives of our people. For example, one of its community outreach programs, the Wills for Veterans Initiative, is a pro bono project where FBA chapters provide will drafting and signing services for veterans in their communities. I know a number of my constituents who participate have very much enjoyed working on this project. Another initiative establishes a mentorship program for law school students to work with experienced attorneys. The current FBA charter must be amended to allow the organization greater flexibility of operation and growth. For example, the existing charter codifies strict membership and governance requirements that constrain member development and nimble governance of the organization. This rigidity presents serious challenges as the organization seeks to expand its critical charitable and educational initiatives. H.R. 4100 makes technical fixes to the FBA charter that will give the FBA the needed flexibility. For instance, in the place of legislatively fixed membership criteria, it permits the FBA to proactively establish and update membership criteria through the bylaws process. Similar provisions authorize enhanced flexibility in the composition and duties of the members of the board of directors. In general, this measure would enable the FBA to swiftly meet its organizational needs and overcome the challenges of the times. I want to note, for the RECORD , that while the language of the bill’s proposed nondiscrimination provision prohibits discrimination on the basis of, among other things, sex and sexual orientation, it does not explicitly prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity, as most of the new antidiscrimination legislation does. While the prohibition on discrimination on the basis of sex already covers gender identity discrimination, the FBA’s current diversity statement expressly states that the FBA should not exclude persons based on gender identity. In light of this, and because it should be made clear that everyone is protected against invidious discrimination, I hope that when the Senate takes up our measure, it will explicitly clarify that this language includes protection against discrimination on the basis of gender identity. I know that Congressman CICILLINE of Rhode Island wants to address this point as well. 
I believe that H.R. 4100 will help the FBA to flourish for many decades to come. I strongly support this bill. I look forward to the FBA’s continued positive involvement in our Nation’s legal system, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue and for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of a bill that I introduced, H.R. 4100, which, put simply, helps support those Federal attorneys who prosecute major drug traffickers, white collar criminals, and other Federal crimes, and the judges who preside over those cases in our Federal courts. The Federal Bar Association was founded back in 1920 and charted by Congress in 1954. However, in the nearly 64 years of its existence, its charter has never been amended. As a former educator, attorney, and current senior member of the Judiciary Committee, I would note the important work that the Federal Bar Association does to bring civics education to classrooms in my State of Ohio, and they bring that same expertise to other areas all across the country. Without legislation like H.R. 4100, it takes an act of Congress to even allow the Federal Bar Association to make simple changes to their bylaws. More specifically, this legislation gives the association the authority to choose the location of its principal office, restricts its officers from engaging in political activity, and makes other technical changes to conform to commonly used language and other things. This legislation provides the Federal Bar Association the continued ability to support legal research, pro bono, and community projects; continue to educate grade schoolchildren on the Federal judiciary system; and improve the practice of Federal law in our Federal courtrooms all across America. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the chairman, Chairman GOODLATTE , for his leadership in helping to bring this very important legislation to the floor for consideration, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about H.R. 4100. The Federal Bar Association is the Nation’s premier association for practitioners in Federal courts and, as such, should, of course, be open to all, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. Currently, the FBA recognizes the importance of nondiscrimination and has adopted a diversity statement that includes race, gender, ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, and gender identity. Diversity statements are valuable, but they do not carry the weight of law. The addition of a nondiscrimination provision to the FBA charter is an important action, but it is really unfortunate that my Republican colleagues have excluded gender identity as an enumerated protected characteristic in the law. I am not sure if they are pandering to the most extremes in their party or to their political base, but it is wrong. Gender identity is an individual’s personal and internal identification as a man, a woman, neither, or both. For transgender people, their gender identity may not match their biological or legal sex. Despite the efforts to exclude gender identity from H.R. 4100, transgender people will be protected from discrimination under Federal law. Discrimination on the basis of gender identity is a form of sex discrimination. Laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sex protect transgender people. Numerous Federal circuit and district court opinions have held that our Nation’s nondiscrimination laws that prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex protect transgender people from discrimination. That includes title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission determined in Macy v. Holder that title VII’s prohibitions on sex discrimination also prohibit discrimination on the basis of gender identity. This decision is binding on the Federal Government with respect to employment practices. While gender identity will be covered by the sex nondiscrimination provision, it is better to enumerate gender identity. Our laws work best when there are clear expectations. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Listing out protected characteristics helps those making determinations about membership understand their obligations, and helps those seeking membership understand their rights. There is no reason to refuse to include gender identity as a protected characteristic. While I do not oppose H.R. 4100, I hope that we can continue to discuss and take into account the issues that impact the lives of LGBTI individuals and will work toward a charter that protects everyone from discrimination. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, given that the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has determined that title VII sex discrimination includes discrimination against people based on their gender identity, it seems somewhat petty and churlish to exclude those words from the language of this charter. I hope that this will be corrected when the legislation goes through. Otherwise, I consider this a very fine bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4100. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
KNOWLEDGEABLE INNOVATORS AND WORTHY INVESTORS ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2245) to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Knowledgeable Innovators and Worthy Investors Act’’ or the ‘‘KIWI Act’’. 
For purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(E) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(E)), New Zealand shall be considered to be a foreign state described in such section if the Government of New Zealand provides similar nonimmigrant status to nationals of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 2245, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, E–1 visas are nonimmigrant visas available for treaty traders, and E–2 visas are available for treaty investors. Pursuant to the Immigration and Nationality Act, these visas are available to aliens who are ‘‘entitled to enter the United States under and in pursuance of the provisions of a treaty of commerce and navigation between the United States and the foreign state of which he is a national, and their spouse and children . . . solely to either carry on substantial trade, including trade in services or trade in technology, principally between the United States and the foreign state of which he is a national, or to develop and direct the operations of an enterprise in which he has invested . . . a substantial amount of capital. . . . ’’ Alien employees of treaty traders and treaty investors may receive visas if they are coming to the United States ‘‘to engage in duties of an executive or supervisory character, or, if employed in a lesser capacity, if they have special qualifications that make the services to be rendered essential to the efficient operation of the enterprise.’’ There are no numerical caps on E–1 or E–2 visas. Aliens may be admitted initially for a period of 2 years and can apply for extensions in 2year increments. The United States has entered into treaties of commerce since at least 1815, when we entered into a Convention to Regulate Commerce with the United Kingdom. b1645 Currently, the nationals of 83 countries are eligible for E–1 or E–2 status. In fiscal year 2017, in total, about 50,000 E–1 and E–2 visas were issued. In the past, countries became eligible for the E–1 and E–2 programs through treaties signed with the United States. However, in 2003, the Judiciary Committee reached an understanding with the U.S. Trade Representative that no immigration provisions were to be included in future trade agreements. Henceforth, legislation would be required to add countries. The bill we are considering today, S. 2245, makes New Zealand nationals eligible for E–1 and E–2 visas. I want to thank Mr. ISSAfor all of his work on this issue, and for introducing companion legislation in the House. I am also appreciative of the Embassy of New Zealand for seeking E visa status in the right way. I urge my colleagues to support S. 2245, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. S. 2245, the Knowledgeable Innovators and Worthy Investors Act, or KIWI Act, is bipartisan legislation to allow citizens of New Zealand to participate, along with the people of more than 80 other countries, in the E– 1 and E–2 visa programs for treaty traders and treaty investors, so long as New Zealand provides the same reciprocal treatment to citizens of the United States. I favor this commonsense bill that will facilitate trade by making it easier for New Zealanders to invest here and will lead to the creation of new jobs in the United States. The E–1 treaty trader program provides temporary visas to employees of firms engaged in substantial trade with our country. The E–2 treaty investor program provides temporary visas to foreign investors who make substantial investments in American enterprise. These visas help increase trade with and direct investments in the U.S. More than 80 countries already participate in the programs, including almost all of our democratic allies and trading partners. Yet New Zealand, one our closest and dearest allies, is not on the list. There are already many New Zealand companies in the U.S., just as there are many of our companies in New Zealand. In 2016, our two countries engaged in approximately $12 billion of bilateral trade in goods and services; and the U.S. is already the second most popular destination for New Zealand foreign investment, accounting for 17 percent of all foreign investment by New Zealanders in 2016, for a total of $3.2 billion dollars. Bringing New Zealand into the E–1 and E–2 programs will increase trade and bilateral investment flows, helping both of our countries accelerate economic growth and job creation. While so much of our foreign policy is consumed today with dangerous and counterproductive trade wars against our allies, which is harmful to our farmers, especially our soybean, corn, and livestock farmers, I am glad that this bill will actually strengthen ties with one of America’s closest and most steadfast allies. Congratulations are in order for Senator HIRONO , who championed this bill in the Senate, where it passed last month by unanimous consent. I also congratulate my Judiciary colleague, DARRELL ISSA, who authored the companion bill in the House. They both deserve credit for identifying this deficiency in our immigration laws and working across the aisle to craft a smart solution that has gained broad support in the body for adoption. Our country will be more prosperous and so, presumably, will be New Zealand as a result of their efforts. I also want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE and Chairwoman I LEANA ROS LEHTINEN of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their support and work on behalf of this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support S. 2245, the KIWI Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Maryland and Ranking Member NADLERand others for their work on this legislation, as well as Congressman ISSAand Senator H IRONO . This is very good legislation and it’s overdue. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2245. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LA PAZ COUNTY LAND CONVEYANCE ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2630) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2630 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘La Paz County Land Conveyance Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) COUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means La Paz County, Arizona. (2) FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 8,800 acres of land managed by the Bureau of Land Management and designated as ‘‘Federal land to be conveyed’’ on the map. (3) MAP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Land Management entitled ‘‘Proposed La Paz County Land Conveyance’’ and dated May 24, 2017. (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a request from the County to convey all or a portion of the Federal land, subject to valid existing rights and to such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and notwithstanding the land use planning requirements of sections 202 and 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712, 1713), the Secretary shall convey to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land identified on the map. (b) PHASED CONVEYANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall convey the public land described in subsection (a) in parcels over a period of up to 20 years, as is required to carry out the phased development of renewable energy or other economic development. (2) PAYMENT OF FAIR MARKET VALUE .—A par cel shall be conveyed by the Secretary on payment by La Paz County, Arizona, to the Secretary, of the fair market value of the parcel, as determined under paragraph (3). (3) APPRAISAL TO DETERMINE FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .—The Secretary shall determine the fair market value of the Federal land to be conveyed— (A) in accordance with the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
(B) based on an appraisal that is conducted in accordance with— (i) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisition; and (ii) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. (c) PROTECTION OF TRIBAL CULTURAL ARTIFACTS .—To the greatest extent practicable, the County and all subsequent owners of land conveyed under this Act shall— (1) make good faith efforts to avoid disturbing Tribal artifacts; (2) minimize impacts on Tribal artifacts if they are disturbed; (3) work with the Colorado River Indian Tribes Tribal Historic Preservation Office to identify artifacts of cultural and historic significance; and (4) allow Tribal representatives to rebury unearthed artifacts at or near where they were discovered. (d) AVAILABILITY OF MAP.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (2) CORRECTIONS .—The Secretary and the County may, by mutual agreement— (A) make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal land to be conveyed under subsection (a); and (B) correct any minor errors in the map, an acreage estimate, or the description of the Federal land. (e) WITHDRAWAL .—The Federal land is withdrawn from the operation of the mining and mineral leasing laws of the United States. (f) COSTS.—As a condition of the conveyance of the Federal land under subsection (a), the County shall pay— (1) an amount equal to the appraised value determined in accordance with subsection (b)(3); and (2) all costs related to the conveyance, including all surveys, appraisals, and other administrative costs associated with the conveyance of the Federal land to the County under subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2630, the La Paz County Land Conveyance Act, is authored by Congressman PAULGOSAR of Arizona. It directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey 8,000 acres of Federal land to La Paz County, Arizona, at fair market value for the construction of a solar field. La Paz County is among the few counties in the United States with nearly 95 percent of its land owned by the Federal, State, or Tribal governments. Because of the immense Federal footprint in the county, a land transfer is necessary so that it can secure enough space for this type of development. The county will not only pay for the land, but all the administrative costs of the transfer as well. The county has already worked with the BLM to identify a site adjacent to preexisting and proposed electric, fiber optic, and natural gas transmission lines. A review of the proposed site by the BLM has not revealed any endangered species or historic resources in the area, and much of the proposed site already has a significant amount of surface disturbance. La Paz County suffers high unemployment, and this land conveyance will not only provide additional energy to the growing southern California and Phoenix markets, but it will also bring goodpaying jobs to many families in the county. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, authored by Representative PAULA. G OSAR , authorizes the conveyance of approximately 8,800 acres of Bureau of Land Management land to La Paz County, Arizona, for the development of renewable energy. The BLM land has been identified as suitable for disposal, and the county is required to pay fullmarket value and all the administrative costs associated with the conveyance. The bill also includes important safeguards for Tribal cultural property and is supported by the Colorado River Indian Tribes. This is a targeted sale of public land for a very specific public purpose that ensures a fair return for taxpayer owned assets. Our support for this bill does not mean that we support the wholesale disposal of public land. Federal land is a public resource, and the conveyance of any part of this resource should include guarantees to protect the public’s interest. The proceeds of any conveyance authorized by Congress should be reinvested back into land conservation efforts. Without this important safeguard, the accumulation of individual conveyances potentially threatens the viability of our system of public lands. This is not yet included in this bill, so I do hope, Mr. Speaker, that we can work with our Senate colleagues to make this bill even better as it moves through the legislative process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), the author of this measure, the chairman of the Western Caucus of the House of Representatives. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bipartisan bill, H.R. 2630, the La Paz County Land Conveyance Act. La Paz County, Arizona, is a county in western Arizona defined by the Colorado River, the vast Arizona desert, and a massive Federal footprint. This bipartisan bill helps facilitate a land transfer from the Bureau of Land Management to the county. Specifically, H.R. 2630 directs the Secretary of the Interior to convey 8,800 acres of Federal land to La Paz County for the purpose of economic development opportunities and facilitating renewable electrical generation. The bill allows the county to take advantage of one of the best assets they have—sunshine—and pursue utility scale solar energy production. This legislation requires the county to pay fairmarket value for the land involved in this transfer. H.R. 2630 also requires the county to pay for all costs related to the conveyance, including all surveys, appraisals, and all other administrative costs. I would like to provide a little more background about La Paz County to help explain why this bill is so important. By population, La Paz is Arizona’s second smallest county, with just under 21,000 permanent residents. More than a third of those people are over the age of 65. The unemployment rate in the county is stubbornly high, with La Paz County consistently ranking in the top 5 counties in Arizona, out of 15, in terms of highest unemployment rate. Currently, only 6 percent of the land in La Paz County is in private ownership. Federal, State, or Tribal governments own almost 95 percent of the land within the county, nearly two thirds of which is owned by the BLM. Because of the immense Federal footprint in the county, a land conveyance is necessary to allow for new opportunities for economic development. H.R. 2630, will help create new, good paying jobs for La Paz County residents and generate new revenues to fund important county services like education, transportation, and law enforcement. The plot of land the county has identified, with the assistance of the BLM, is ideally situated on the edge of the La PazMaricopa County line, adjacent to existing and proposed fiber optic, electric, and natural gas transmission lines. Further, the transferred parcels are conveniently located next to the Ten West Link, a 114mile transmission line that will further interconnect Arizona and California. Initial review shows that the land does not contain any endangered species, cultural resources, and already has a significant level of surface disturbance. The legislation was drafted at the request of the county in collaboration with the Tribes and other stakeholders. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the bill will generate $6 million for the Federal Government. Solar energy development on land conveyed by the bill will provide good paying local jobs and help empower the county to determine its own economic future. 
Finally, the renewable energy generated as a result of this bill will assist with ensuring a balanced portfolio and provide clean, renewable power to help meet the electricity demands of the West. I am pleased to have had La Paz County Supervisor D.L. Wilson out to testify in favor of the bill, and I appreciate all the county’s hard work on behalf of this effort. I am also pleased to have received a letter of support for the bill from the Colorado River Indian Tribes, which started, in part: ‘‘While we acknowledge that this legislation only addresses a small portion of the county, it is our hope that we can use this cooperative model to ensure that future developments on other lands are also conducted in a culturally sensitive way.’’ This is good public policy. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ in favor of this bipartisan jobs bill that embraces a true alloftheabove energy strategy. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would ask all of the Members to consider what plight their districts would be in, their counties would be in if 95 percent of the land in that county was off the public tax rolls, with severe restrictions on its use. The effect is economically devastating. This is a small step in the direction of giving La Paz County a little more control over its economic future. It is an excellent bill, and I urge its adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. b1700 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2630, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ESTABLISHING THE ADAMS MEMORIAL COMMISSION Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1220) to establish the Adams Memorial Commission to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1220 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) C OMMISSION .—There is established a commission to be known as the ‘‘Adams Memorial Commission’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) for the purpose of establishing a permanent memorial to honor John Adams and his legacy as authorized by Public Law 107–62, located in the city of Washington, District of Columbia, including sites authorized by Public Law 107–315. (b) MEMBERSHIP .—The Commission shall be composed of— (1) four persons appointed by the President, not more than two of whom may be members of the same political party; (2) four Members of the Senate appointed by Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 367. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on July 23, 2018, for travel restrictions due to inclement weather. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 366. ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall No. 367. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 184, PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6311, INCREASING ACCESS TO LOWER PREMIUM PLANS AND EXPANDING HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–860) on the resolution (H. Res. 1011) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6311) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6199, RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 27, 2018, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 3, 2018 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–861) on the resolution (H. Res. 1012) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain overthecounter medical products as qualified medical expenses, and providing for proceedings during the period from July 27, 2018, through September 3, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON H.R. 6470, DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–862) on the bill (H.R. 6470) making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069, the Fostering Stable Housing Opportunities Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
CUBAN HEROES OF THE ISRAEL WAR (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, in the seven decades since its independence, Israel has become a shining light in an otherwise dark region filled with human rights abusers all around her. That would not have been possible were it not for those who fought for their ancestral country, but also for our shared values of freedom and democracy. In fact, over 4,000 foreign individuals, Jews and nonJews, from 58 countries volunteered to fight in 1948 alongside 
the Israeli forces. Machal, volunteers from outside the country, they are called. Amongst these mighty warriors, 23 Cuban Jews bravely answered the call to arms and left Cuba to come to Israel’s aid and secure her independence. This Sunday, the InterAmerican Chapter of Hadassah in my congressional district is honoring these courageous Cuban heroes, particularly the four remaining survivors. Mr. Speaker, the sacrifice and heroism of Cuban Jews during the Israeli 1948 War of Independence will never be forgotten by us. 
CALLING ATTENTION TO CHILD DETENTION RULES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, it is still going on. The Trump administration is still holding thousands of little children in jails across this country in cages, cyclone fencing, cages. These are babies and toddlers, preschoolers and adolescents. Their only crime is their desire to breathe free. And just when you think the pit of the Trump administration’s soul could get no darker, heartbreaking reports emerge from inside these socalled detention facilities. These children are prohibited from touching one another. No hugs, not even from their siblings. They can’t run around. They have to wake up at unreasonably early hours, with their jailers banging and making noise as if it is Alcatraz, for everyone to get out of bed. Some of these children only get 1 hour to play outside a day. They are being held in strip malls and abandoned motels. Some are banned from sending mail to their siblings. Others have scrubbed toilets or handled bags of unsanitary used toilet paper. Mr. Speaker, these socalled detention facilities are nothing more than jails for children, baby jails. Let’s end this madness. 
THE BENEFITS OF TAX REFORM (Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the benefits of tax reform. Earlier this year, President Trump visited the Sheffer Corporation, a small manufacturing company in my district that pledged $1,000 bonuses to all 126 of its employees as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. During the President’s visit to Cincinnati, he invited Sheffer employees on stage to talk about their plans for their new bonuses. A mom in the audience said she is using her bonus as spare cash for when she sends her children off to college this year. As any parent of a college student knows, the expenses add up and every dollar makes a difference. The President also invited a young man to the stage to speak. He wants to start a family, and said that this money will go towards a home to raise his children. While the recent law is an enormous step forward, we must and will continue to move forward to implement smart policies that give Americans the freedom to compete, innovate, and seize the opportunity to carve out a better future for themselves and their families. f 
THREE IMPORTANT ITEMS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there are three items that I think are important for our colleagues. A number of Members traveled to Texas to physically assess where we were in the reunification of these children and their families. Let me just say that those who are tasked with trying to do this dastardly, difficult task are putting their best foot forward, but they are dealing with a policy that is broken and chaotic. I witnessed the attempt to reunify families. There were about 20 children in the room, and we witnessed four reunifications, and each of us would have our heart broken, because children are still in shock, some didn’t recognize their parents. I believe that this is a chaotic system that this administration must fix immediately. I also want to bring to the attention of my colleagues about the Medicare payments to doctors, unequal payments. I am absolutely opposed. Give doctors a fair assessment of their treatment. And, finally, do we realize, Mr. Speaker, that those immigrants who joined the military are now being kicked out? Do we have any heart? They have sacrificed their lives to wear the uniform. We need to stand up against it, Mr. Speaker. 
HONORING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS CHRISTOPHER CELIZ (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Sergeant First Class Christopher Celiz, who passed away in the line of duty at the age of 32. Sergeant Celiz was assigned to Hunter Army Airfield in the First Congressional District of Georgia. On July 12, he was struck by enemy small arms fire during a combat operation in Afghanistan. Sergeant Celiz was immediately taken for medical treatment, but passed away from his injuries. His regiment commander described him as always leading from the front and being a national treasure who led his Rangers with passion, confidence, and an infectiously positive attitude. A husband and father, I will keep Sergeant Celiz’s family in my thoughts and prayers. Because of Sergeant Celiz’s service and bravery, he has been awarded the Purple Heart, the Bronze Star, and the Meritorious Service Medal. f 
CARTER PAGE FISA WARRANT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, the release of the Carter Page FISA warrant makes it clear that the FBI was right to examine the connections between Page and the Trump campaign as well as their communications with Russian sources. These warrants cast serious doubt on the credibility of the socalled Nunes memo, which is demonstrably inaccurate. Earlier today, the President’s press secretary announced that the administration was considering stripping top level former national security officials of their security clearances on the grounds that they, ‘‘politicized public service.’’ I would question whether any use of intelligence could be more political than writing a misleading document, namely the Nunes memo, to unjustifiably malign the integrity and competence of the FBI in order to shield the President. It is clear that congressional Republicans are attempting to delegitimize the FBI and, through it, Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s ongoing investigation. We must protect the independence and integrity of this investigation, and I urge Speaker RYAN and the House leadership to do so immediately. 
b1915 AMERICAN TAXPAYERS HAVE MORE MONEY IN THEIR POCKETS (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, America has always been the land of opportunity, but I am hearing, as I travel my district, a renewed sense of optimism that is exciting. Our economy is stronger. Families have more money in their paychecks. Workers are seeing bonuses and better wages. Unemployment is at historic lows. Job openings are at historic highs, and confidence is soaring. As a direct result of our tax cuts, about 90 percent of our workers are 
keeping more of what they make. The average tax cut this year in my district was over $900. Like a constituent who commented on my Facebook wall put it: ‘‘Any time that the American taxpayer has more money in their pocket, it’s a good thing.’’ Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t agree more. Businesses and workers are seeing tremendous benefits, too. With the tax savings, businesses all across the country are expanding and hiring more people. In my district, a local brewery can now purchase new equipment and raise wages. A local manufacturer told me she plans to expand operations and bring on new employees. Working with the Trump administration, I will continue to work to build on this progress so that more people can achieve their American Dream. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ WOLFE, JR. (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of William ‘‘Bill’’ Wolfe, Jr. Bill attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Bill and his wife, Robyn, had two kids together, Ethan and Trevor. Bill worked as a senior project manager for Dewberry Engineers, Inc. Bill lived for his community. He enjoyed being a wrestling coach with the Shippensburg Elementary wrestling program and a coach for a Little League team. Although he loved coaching, he loved being outdoors more. Bill enjoyed hunting, fishing, boating, camping, gardening, and jogging. Bill and Robyn had traveled to the Route 91 festival to celebrate the 20th anniversary of their wedding. Unfortunately, they were separated when the gunfire erupted, and Robyn later found out that Bill did not survive. Bill is remembered for being very smart and always being willing to help others. He was passionate about everything he did and was loved by many. I would like to extend my condolences to William ‘‘Bill’’ Wolfe, Jr.’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
THANKING ALZHEIMER’S AMBASSADORS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, earlier today I met with Christie Glick in my Bellefonte office. Christie is an Alzheimer’s ambassador in my district, and through the Alzheimer’s Ambassador Program, people like Christie work throughout the country to connect with Members of Congress and share their personal experiences with Alzheimer’s disease. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, and it has reached crisis proportions. There is no effective treatment, no means of prevention, and no method of slowing the progression of this disease. Sadly, one in three seniors will die with the disease. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5 million Americans were living with Alzheimer’s disease in the year 2013. That number is expected to almost triple to 14 million by the year 2050. Mr. Speaker, Alzheimer’s not only has a devastating impact on those who are diagnosed with the disease, but also their caregivers and loved ones. My own mom, Mary Thompson, lived with Alzheimer’s for 10 years until it took her life. Mr. Speaker, I thank Christie and all of the Alzheimer’s ambassadors for the important work that they do to raise awareness about Alzheimer’s disease and to never stop searching for a cure. f 
RECOGNIZING JOCELYN DORSEY (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the historic retirement of broadcast pioneer and Atlanta, Georgia, treasure, Jocelyn Dorsey. She is really a national treasure. Jocelyn’s list of achievements and accolades are too long for me to recite here, but needless to say, her groundbreaking 40plusyear career has served as an inspiration to so many, and she has been a role model to so many of us, not just African Americans, but all Americans, all Georgians. So we tip our hats to her and wish her the best in her retirement. I understand that longdistance motorcycle trips may very well be in her future. I hope that she will keep us abreast of her exploits in the future. We will miss her but know that she will always be in our hearts, and we will always look forward to hearing about her life as she proceeds on. So I congratulate Jocelyn Dorsey for a job well done. 
THE 12TH WOMAN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, last week I was joined in the House gallery by five incredible young women. Each of them has their own story of survival. Each was sexually assaulted while in college. They call themselves the 12th Woman. Mr. Speaker, one in five women will be sexually assaulted while in college in the United States. Sexual assault is a crime that tries to steal the dignity, selfrespect, and humanity of the victim. Mr. Speaker, the 12th Woman has something to say about that. They came to Congress and publicly told their heartbreaking stories on the steps of our Capitol, demanding change not only at their own school, Texas A&M, but nationwide. These ladies are determined not only to be survivors, but victors over their assault. Mr. Speaker, my grandmother taught me that there is no stopping a bold, tenacious, Texas woman who has made up her mind. Abbie, Meghan, Sydney, Kirsten, and Nikki have made up their minds with unwavering resolve that sexual assault on campus will stop. And that is just the way it is. f 
PUTIN’S DANGEROUS ACTIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, like a bull in a china shop, President Trump bulldozed his way through the NATO summit, offending our allies, and then in Helsinki was shamefully servile to Russia’s autocratic ruler, Vladimir Putin. Autocrat Putin boasts a long list of brutal and violent threats to liberty here at home and abroad. In early 2014, Russian forces illegally invaded Ukraine’s Crimea and the Donbass region. Thousands have been killed and millions of Ukrainians displaced. On February 27, 2015, Russian freedom fighter, Boris Nemtsov, was gunned down outside the Kremlin’s crimson walls. In the 2016 election, Russian intelligence services used social media and cyber attacks to target our democratic elections and those of several of our allies. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, 58 Russian journalists have been brutally murdered since 1992. Mr. Speaker, Russia is ‘‘Murder Incorporated’’ under Putin’s abhorrent rule. I include in the RECORD a long list of some of Russia’s brutal, murderous actions. 
BRUTAL AND UNDEMOCRATIC ACTIONS OF  DICTATOR VLADIMIR PUTIN’SRUSSIA  2000—Putin was supposed to face a second round runoff in the 2000 presidential election, had it not been for widespread fraud. Biased coverage by large media outlets controlled by the Russian state and Kremlin supporters can be accredited for this. (Freedom House) 2003—Mikhail Khodorkovsky is arrested by Russian authorities and charged with fraud. The trial was criticized for lack of due process. Charges against him were grounded in reasonable suspicion. 2003—Russia ranked 86 out of 133 countries in Transparency International’s 2003 Corruption Perceptions Index. 2003—Russia saw a significant deterioration of fundamental rights and the emergence of an increasingly aggressive foreign 
policy, reflecting the consolidation of power by former security and military officers. Russia’s constitutional court struck down key provisions of the law that banned journalists from making positive or negative observations about candidates or parties. 2006 October 7—Anna Politkovskaya, a journalist who exposed the corruption of the Russian army and its conduct in Chechnya, was shot and killed in the lobby of her apartment. 2006—Alexander Litvinenko is poisoned. Litvinenko was a former officer of the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) and KGB, who fled from court prosecution in Russia and received political asylum in the United Kingdom. 2008—Russia wages a war against Georgia. Today, thousands of Russian troops occupy Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region, which constitutes about 20% of Georgia’s internationally recognized territory. Russia has never fulfilled its obligations under the Six Point CeaseFire Agreement (also known as the Sarkozy Plan) that ended the fighting. 2010: Polish Air Force Tu–154 Crash over Smolensk, Russia. Antoni Macierewicz (Poland’s defense minister) claims the fatal crash which killed Poland’s President Lech Kaczynski, the First Lady and 94 others in 2010 in Russia was preceded by two explosions on board. A previous Polish government concluded that pilot error was to blame for the crash, but Law and Justice ordered a new investigation which concluded this year that the plane was brought down by explosions on board. No international analysis was allowed by Russia. 2013—Putin signs law banning gay publications. ‘‘It officially declares that gays and lesbians are inferior beings,’’ says Elena Klimova, a gay rights activist in Russia who was convicted under the law in 2014. 2014—Putin illegally invades Ukraine. More than 10,000 have been killed, and millions of Ukrainians have been displaced. 2014—Russia occupies Crimean Peninsula and nearly ten thousand Crimean Tatars are displaced from their homes. Russia under the Putin regime has violated UN human rights, and infringements of the Geneva Convention. 2014—Russian forces shoot down Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 over occupied Ukrainian territory, killing 298 innocent passengers. Russia attempts to use disinformation and propaganda to cover up obfuscate the truth of its brutality. 2014—Human rights abuses in Russia are more prevalent than ever. The LGBTQ+ community is targeted. Independent media report that 31 civilians were killed in the first nine months of 2014. Abductionstyle detentions, torture, and enforced disappearances persisted in the North Caucasus, as did attacks against government critics, the report says, adding that the situation is particularly bad in Dagestan. 2014—Oleg Sentsov, Ukrainian filmmaker, is arrested under charges of running ‘‘terrorist organizations’’ in Crimea. 2015—Natalya Sharina, the director of the Ukrainian Literature Library in Moscow, was put under house arrest in 2015 under the charges of inciting ethnic hatred and spreading ‘‘antiRussian propaganda.’’ 2015—Journalist Boris Nemstov is shot and killed. Nemstov was planning on leading a rally to protest the war in Ukraine days before his killing. 2016—Russian authorities arrested Roman Sushchenko, a Ukrainian journalist with the state news service, Ukrinform, on dubious espionage charges. 2016—Russia attacks U.S. election. Wisconsin, Ohio, California and 10 other states said they were among 21 states that Russian government hackers targeted in an effort to sway the 2016 presidential election in favor of Donald Trump though no votes were changed. Federal and congressional intelligence groups that have stated that Russia interfered in the election: CIA, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, FBI, NSA, Justice Department, House Intelligence Committee, Senate Intelligence Committee. 2017: In December, the Central Election Commission banned opposition leader Aleksey Navalny from challenging Putin in the 2018 presidential election, removing from the contest the only credible opposition to have announced a campaign. 2017—Russian authorities banned the activities of the Jehovah’s Witnesses, which was deemed an extremist group. 2017: Investigative journalist and Novy Peterburg cofounder Nikolay Andrushchenko died in April, weeks after he was severely beaten, and Dmitriy Popkov, editor of the investigative online outlet TonM, was shot to death in May. 2017—Workers on stadiums built for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup and 2018 World Cup reported exploitation, including non provision of contracts, nonpayment of wages, and retaliation for reporting abuses. The Building and Woodworkers International trade union reported at least 17 deaths on stadiums since construction began. 2017—By February 2017, the number of people imprisoned for extremist speech spiked to 94, from 54 in 2015. 2017—In the first six months of 2017 alone, the number of people administratively punished by Russian authorities for supposedly violating the country’s regulations on public gatherings was twoandahalf times higher than throughout 2016. 2017—Denis Voronenkov, a onetime Communist member of Russia’s lower house of parliament, dies after being shot outside a hotel in Kyiv. President Poroshenko calls the shooting a ‘‘Russian state terrorist act.’’ Voronenkov, who fled to Ukraine in 2016, is the latest in a string of Putin and Russia’s critics who were killed or injured under mysterious circumstances. 2017—Russia interferes in the French election between opponents Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. The Macron presidential campaign accused the Kremlin of election meddling, saying that servers belonging to the team were hacked by a group likely to be associated with Russia. 2018—Father and daughter Sergei and Yulia Skripal are poisoned. British foreign secretary Boris Johnson said on 16 March that it was ‘‘overwhelmingly likely’’ that the poisoning had been ordered directly by Russian president Putin, which marked the first time the British government accused Vladimir Putin of personally ordering the poisoning. 2018: Donald Trump accepts Putin’s lies on Russian interference in U.S. elections over statement from U.S. Intelligence Community: ‘‘My people came to me, Dan Coats came to me and some others, they think it’s Russia. I have President Putin, he just said it’s not Russia. I will say this; I don’t see any reason why it would be. I have great confidence in my intelligence people, but I will tell you that President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today.’’ —Trump, Helsinki Conference 2018 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I urge our President to see Putin for what he is: an enemy of liberty, not a competitor. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, human trafficking hurts women and children all around the world. Sadly, the United States is no exception. As many as 300,000 American children are at risk of child sexual exploitation. It is happening in every community around the country. Every weekend in Minnesota, as many as 45 Minnesota girls are sold for sex. But there is good news. The Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, a new law which was passed with bipartisan support earlier this year to crack down on websites that facilitate trafficking, is making a difference. Backpage.com, the single largest online source of sex trafficking has now been shut down by Federal law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, July 30 marks World Day against Trafficking in Persons. It is another opportunity to raise awareness and also redouble our efforts in the fight against traffickers and helping victims. f 
UPHOLD OUR COMMITMENT TO NATO ALLIANCE (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, tonight I want to discuss the importance of NATO to our Nation and to Europe. In 1949, the United States and 11 other countries created NATO. Today, 29 countries make up this alliance. At the heart of NATO is article 5, which says that an attack on one ally is attack on all allies. On September 12, 2001, for the first time ever, article 5 was invoked. 9/11, an attack on America, was an attack on all. Most recently, the country of Montenegro joined the NATO Alliance. And last week, sadly, the President expressed doubt that the U.S. should come to Montenegro’s defense. This is disturbing. The only time article 5 has been invoked has been for America. When our Nation was at its most vulnerable point, NATO stepped up and had our back. We must uphold our commitment to this critical alliance. 
PERMANENTLY REPEAL MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act. Many medical device manufacturers in North Carolina’s Fifth District have reported how the medical device excise tax hinders medical innovation, costs jobs, decreases research and development, and slows capital expansion. A fundamentally flawed policy enacted under ObamaCare, the medical 
device excise tax was intended to spare taxpayers healthcare costs. Instead, it burdens those taxpayers, and innovators are the backbone of our economy. According to the Tax Foundation, the medical device tax cost approximately 21,800 jobs from 2013 to 2015. Furthermore, the tax is hidden from consumers at purchase and passed off to them in higher prices. Congress has suspended this tax twice before, and as an original cosponsor of this legislation, I urge my colleagues to vote for its permanent repeal with the Protect Medical Innovation Act this week. 
MARIJUANA DATA COLLECTION (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, for decades, bad data and misinformation have fueled the failed war on drugs that has wasted billions of taxpayer dollars, incarcerating Americans for nonviolent marijuana charges. Our outdated marijuana policies have turned everyday Americans into criminals, strained our criminal justice system, cost taxpayers tremendously, and torn families apart, all for a substance that is proven to be far less harmful and dangerous than alcohol. Our Federal policy should be based on actual science and fact, not misplaced stigma and outdated myths. However, the fact that marijuana is currently classified as a schedule I drug, the same category as heroin and cocaine, restricts and even discourages scientific research on marijuana, limiting our ability to create science based policies. I will be introducing the bipartisan Marijuana Data Collection Act with my colleague Congressman CARLOS  CURBELO so that we can get studies to set the record straight. Our bill would authorize a nonpartisan evidencebased report that analyzes current marijuana policies across the country and their effects on our communities. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. 
b1930 MILITARY SPOUSES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, families who are veterans also sacrifice a great deal when their loved ones have been deployed and even when they come home. Current law, unfortunately, doesn’t allow a spouse to be recognized by the VAprovided grave marker after that spouse has passed away. Some veterans in the north State in my district recognized this issue and brought it to my attention. The VA even requested this change in this year’s budget request. The budget requires a change in law by Congress. That is why I introduced the Honoring Veterans’ Families Act in order to correct this problem. Under the legislation, the VA will have the ability to replace the marker of a veteran to add an inscription about their spouse following the loss of that spouse. Veterans certainly should have the option of including their spouse on their own tombstone if they so choose. This is a bill that, unfortunately, is needed to once again honor our veterans and the sacrifices of their families. Let’s hope we can pass it. f 
THE AMERICAN DREAM IS ALIVE AT TONY’S PIZZA AND GRINDERS (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the American Dream is alive and well in Texas 22. It is alive in the south loop Ellington area, and it is alive and thriving at Tony’s Pizza and Grinders. Tony’s is a walking, talking American Dream. In 1996, the Canolli family left wartorn Kosovo. They started their life here in Michigan. But shortly, they saw the bright light of the Lone Star State and moved to Texas. That is where they started Tony’s. The Canollis are special because they care more about others than about making dollars. Through Hurricane Harvey, they gave free food to the Southeast Volunteer Fire Department so they could keep saving lives. If you want the freshest and the best pizza in America, try the Mrs. Marie’s. That is amore. 
CELEBRATING LIEUTENANT TIMOTHY COREY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, sometimes we don’t even realize that we are surrounded by heroes. Today I rise to celebrate the courageous actions of a Yorkville resident, Lieutenant Timothy Corey from my district. He was recently honored with the New York State Senate Liberty Medal, one of the highest civilian honors in New York State. While on vacation in North Myrtle Beach, Lieutenant Corey discovered a young boy stuck in an outdoor pool intake pipe. In an instant, he jumped into the water and rescued the young man and for 8 minutes breathed air into the drowning boy, ultimately saving his life. The young boy was released from the hospital just 6 days later. The bravery displayed by Lieutenant Corey often goes unrecognized, so, Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to now recognize Lieutenant Timothy Corey as a true hero in our community. A BETTER WAY AGENDA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, before I begin, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, House Republicans made a promise to the American people that there was a better way forward under our leadership. Our Better Way Agenda outlined a pathway toward safer communities, a stronger military, and a robust economy. Since then, House Republicans have compiled a record of results, not rhetoric. Thanks to this progress, the American people are better off now. Republicans started by moving bills that address some of the biggest issues plaguing cities and towns across the country: We have passed over 50 bills to put an end to the opioid epidemic in our communities. FOSTA, which will dismantle the online sex trafficking industry, was signed into law. We are also keeping our children safe by providing additional funding and resources for school safety programs. We are rebuilding our military, ensuring our troops have the tools, training, and equipment they need to carry out their missions and keep us safe both at home and abroad. Our brave men and women in uniform received their largest pay raise in nearly 10 years. We are keeping our promise to provide our veterans with the care they have earned by overhauling the VA and ensuring that they have access to reliable, quality care. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has undoubtedly had the most significant positive effect on the daily lives of Americans. Tax reform has led to unprecedented economic growth across our Nation. Americans are keeping more of their hardearned paychecks, while companies in all 50 States are creating jobs and opportunity for all. At home in Orange County, the unemployment rate has dropped to a near 20year low, while pay and benefits continue to rise. Nationally, jobless claims have fallen to their lowest levels since 1969, and economic confidence is soaring. Mr. Speaker, I could go on about the numerous accomplishments House Republicans have achieved in the last 18 months, but the American people don’t 
need convincing. They are seeing the results firsthand. Our Nation is, without question, better off now, and we will continue our work to improve the lives of all Americans. I am proud to introduce my friend and fellow committee member on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Congressman BUDDY CARTER from the First District of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in discussing how Americans are better off now. Two years ago, I told the First District of Georgia about our Better Way Agenda, our bold agenda to tackle some of our Nation’s greatest challenges and improve the lives of everyday Americans. Now, 2 years later, I am thrilled Americans are experiencing the results. We have instituted sound, progrowth policies, and the economy is booming. Now people are no longer asking: Where are the jobs? Instead, thanks to tax reform, rolling back burdensome regulations, and more, we have more job openings than job seekers. Just last week, I visited a local business called Game Changers, with locations in Richmond Hill and Savannah. While there, I learned their revenue is up at both of their locations. They are hiring new employees at both locations, and they have increased wages and given bonuses to their employees. It is incredible to hear these stories of how local small businesses and hardworking Georgians are thriving again. That is not all. As the proud Representative of every branch of the military, I have been fighting for our troops, veterans, and military families because they deserve better. Republicans have taken historic actions to rebuild our military and fix the VA. After years of neglect, we have provided new investments in training, equipment, and personnel to reverse the damage of the last decade. Members of our military put their lives on the line for our country, and we are working to provide the support to ensure they are the most wellprepared and wellequipped force on the planet. Finally, we have made major strides to make our communities safer, including fighting the opioid epidemic. The House has passed more than 50 bills combating this crisis that is killing 115 Americans every day. The list goes on and on. House Republicans are fighting every day for Americans in Washington to deliver results, not rhetoric. I hear it from small businesses, big businesses, and citizens in the First District all the time. Americans are truly better off now. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), who sits on the House Committees on Education and the Workforce and Oversight and Government Reform. VIRGINIA FOXX is the Congresswoman who represents North Carolina’s Fifth District. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman WALTERS , and I appreciate her leading this Special Order tonight to bring to the attention of the American people the fact that they are better off now than they were 2 years ago. This is an important message for us to share with the American people. Many of us are doing it individually, but we appreciate the gentlewoman’s leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, House Republicans promised to replace our broken Tax Code and rein in the runaway administrative state that stifled our economy and made it harder for businesses to create jobs and grow. We proposed a better way to grow the economy with solutions for hardworking Americans who were being chewed up by our system and struggling to get by. This Congress, we have delivered on our promises, and I am pleased to say that North Carolinians are better off now. We passed the most significant tax reform in over 30 years, and everyday Americans are already reaping the benefits. According to the Tax Foundation, the average increase in take home pay for a family of four in the Fifth District is $1,843. I would like to say that again, Mr. Speaker: $1,843. Those are hardearned wages being kept in paychecks and not sent to Washington to finance inefficient government bureaucracy. Speaking of bureaucracy, Mr. Speaker, this Congress has also enacted historic regulatory relief, with 16 Congressional Review Act resolutions becoming law. Five of those resolutions came out of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, which I chair, and I was able to get a sixth enacted that I sponsored that came through another committee. We have rolled back some of the most burdensome Obamaera regulations concocted by Washington bureaucrats who thought they knew better than American farmers and business owners. But Republicans did not agree with them. North Carolina’s economy is evidence that Republicans’ policies are working for the American people. Just compare the North Carolina Department of Commerce’s figures from June of last year to this year and you will see that our State now stands 100,000 jobs ahead. There is still work to be done, but thanks to tax and regulatory relief, North Carolinians are better off now. Again, I want to thank Congresswoman MIMIWALTERS for leading this Special Order tonight, Mr. Speaker. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege to introduce the chairwoman of the House Republican Conference. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRISRODGERS ). Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague for yielding and for hosting us this evening in a Special Order to talk more about Americans who are better off now because of our hard work over this Congress. I want to just join in sharing why Americans and their families are better off, and it is because Republicans have provided a better way and results that work. After years of struggling to get ahead, hardworking men and women are now seeing jobs, opportunity, and confidence come roaring back. This is the comeback story that was made possible at the beginning through our Better Way Agenda. Over the past 2 years, we have worked hard to deliver on that agenda. Mr. Speaker, at better.gop, you can check out the promises that we have kept and why, as a result, America is stronger at home and abroad with a booming economy, safer communities, and a revived military. After historic tax reform and our work to rein in Obamaera regulations, unemployment is at a historic low, job openings at a record high, paychecks are growing, and wages are rising right along with consumer confidence. In my home State of Washington, the average wage increase just hit a 10 year high, and those increases are benefiting rural communities as well, like Garfield County. Garfield County is in my district. It is the smallest county in the State of Washington, and the average wage increase has been 8.7 percent in the last year. Asotin County is another small, rural county, and they have seen a 6.6 percent increase in the last year. For other rural counties, unemployment rates are dropping sharply. Pend Oreille County is in my district. They have seen a 3.2 percent drop in their unemployment rate. For families and small businesses that are no longer overtaxed and overregulated, they have confidence again that they can achieve a better life and reach their full potential. That is what I am most excited about. I am excited about the hope and the optimism that it is bringing to people in eastern Washington and across this country. b1945 It wasn’t that long ago, in 2010, unemployment was at 9.9 percent. Our policies have unleashed economic growth. It is now at 4 percent. More Americans are coming off the sidelines and into the workforce. Just last month, there were 600,000 Americans. I am proud to say that it includes people with disabilities. As The Washington Post recently reported, the jobless rate for workers with disabilities has fallen at a faster rate than the general population. This is great news because Washington State is getting ready to launch our ABLE accounts. I was proud to lead efforts in tax reform to provide a way for 
those with disabilities to explore work, get a parttime job or an internship, and take that money and put it back into their ABLE account. Today, 50,000 people in my State will be eligible for ABLE accounts. It will help them find a job that gives them independence, dignity, and purpose. We all recognize that a job is a foundation for a better life. A booming economy isn’t the only reason why Americans are better off. We have also made significant investments to combat the opioid crisis and human trafficking, target dangerous criminals, and make schools safer. After the Obama administration left our Armed Forces depleted, we have made good on promises to revive and rebuild our military. In addition to giving our troops the biggest pay increase in almost a decade, we have provided for the largest increase in defense in 15 years. Our troops, including those I have the privilege of representing at Fairchild Air Force Base, will now have additional resources to train, address the readiness crisis, and keep America secure. Madam Speaker, the American people don’t want rhetoric. They want results. After years of slow growth, lack of confidence, stagnant wages, and a stagnant economy, they asked for a better way. I am proud to have been a part of a group that has proven that we can get those results done. By putting people first and focusing on improving lives, we have delivered real results and a better way forward. That is why Americans are better off today. I invite everyone to learn more at better.gop. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON ), serving on the Committee on the Budget, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, representing the Third District of Georgia. Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for leading this Special Order. What a year and half it has been since I came to Congress. There have been a lot of positive things that have gone on, and I think Americans feel that they are better off now. If you listen to the media and the rhetoric, you wouldn’t know it. Every time I travel home and I talk to the folks in the Third District of Georgia, I get this sense of optimism, this reality that they are doing better. Their wages are up. There are more job opportunities. They are doing better. They feel safer, and they feel more secure. In spite of what you might have heard on TV and in the other parts of the media, more than 177 bills have been signed into law in the 115th Congress. That is the most of any Congress at this point since 2008. The results are clear: Americans are better off. I have heard from small businesses like ShredX in Griffin, Georgia; Custom Truck and Body Works in Woodbury, Georgia; and Emma Hill Manufacturing in LaGrange, Georgia. All of these businesses are making investments. They are expanding. They are being more productive. Most importantly, they are hiring more people, and they are investing in their people with higher wages and better training. Families are doing better throughout our district. But these businesses are doing more than simply investing in their people and in their businesses. They are investing in their communities. So our communities are becoming more helpful. All of this is a result of a tax reform bill, a better regulatory environment, and a changing attitude in education that ensures that people pursue their talents and not just a degree. They are involved in making sure that they are able to make a living in viable careers for a long period of time. It is not just the economy that is making us more secure. We have invested heavily in our military, and we have fully funded our men and women serving this Nation. Most importantly, when they returned home, we have made the changes in the VA that, over time, will make sure that they have the benefits that they have earned and, quite candidly, that they deserve. We have also made investments in many other areas. Think about what we have been able to accomplish with human trafficking. We are beginning to take steps to really change how we view addiction and the opioid crisis. We are making progress, and that is making Americans better. So it is easy to get caught up in the news of the moment, to get clouded from the really good things that are happening. But we are here to remind America that things are better now because of the work that we have done in this House of Representatives. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
TRUMP’S LIFELONG LEGACY: STACKING THE COURTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. FOXX). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. EVANS. Madam Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this CBC Special Order hour. I would like to thank the CBC chair, Chairman RICHMOND , for his leadership in this effort. For the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and many of the constituents we represent. 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FERGUSON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I am going to do something highly unusual today, because my colleague who is here from the District of Columbia knows an awful lot about this subject. I have watched her; I have observed her. She has taught a few classes and a few people on this subject matter, and she is an expert. So I think the best way to start off is with a person who was a former law professor who teaches, who really understands what our Supreme Court means as the third element, with the legislative and the chief executive. I have heard her in Congressional Black Caucus meetings. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Congresswoman ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I very much appreciate the kind words of my friend from Pennsylvania, and I certainly appreciate his leadership of this Special Order this evening. It is a subject of immense importance to the American people, none more so, Mr. Speaker, than people of color in the United States of America. So I would like to begin this Special Order by speaking about President Trump’s district and circuit court nominees and then about his Supreme Court nominee, Brett Kavanaugh, who serves on the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. That is the circuit of my own home district, the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, long before I came to the House, I had the distinct honor of arguing and winning a case before the United States Supreme Court. That case was a free speech case where I represented plaintiffs with whom I profoundly disagreed. As we look at the President’s nominees, especially to the Supreme Court, one wonders today how these nominees would rule. Let’s look first at President Trump’s nominees so far to the circuit courts and the district court. This is an amazing, unprecedented figure for the 21st century. His nominees are 90.1 percent white, 2.3 percent African American. Now, one way to look at this is to look at another Republican President. So I said to my staff: Find the racial makeup of President Bush’s nominees. Remember, African Americans don’t expect a Republican President to offer anything like the number of nominees of, for example, President Barack Obama, not because he was African American, but because he was, after all, a Democrat. That is not the standard to which I am holding this President. The standard I am holding this President to is, by comparison, to Republican Presidents. 
The lion’s share of President Bush’s appointees was also White. I had no complaint then. I don’t recall the Congressional Black Caucus taking to the floor and saying: How come the lion’s share of President Bush’s nominees was White, more than 85 percent? That reflected his party and his supporters. But 8.5 percent of President Bush’s nominees were African American, compared to 2.3 percent of Trump’s nominees. So that means that President Bush—and I am looking at the comparable period; I am not looking at his overall two terms in office; I am looking at up until now—he had appointed three times as many African Americans to the bench. Far more Whites, and I have no complaint about that. But the Supreme Court and the Federal courts have meant everything to African Americans. I do not need to point out that the political bodies, the House and the Senate, took many years to recognize equal protection for African Americans. It didn’t happen, indeed, until the courts made it happen in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954, showing, I think, that the courts are of immense importance to a group that is not the majority and must depend upon the fairness of the majority and even more so on the courts, which are supposed to play no favorites whatsoever, only to equal justice under the law. The President and the Republican Senate have made the Federal courts a top priority. I believe they have appointed as many as 40 nominees, if I am not mistaken. In fact, the Supreme Court means so much to them, even though they already have a majority on the Supreme Court with their most recent nominee, it means so much to them that our Republican friends in the Senate are wiping out their entire August recess to stay here to try to get Brett Kavanaugh nominated, and there is a fierce fight underway. I am speaking about not only Brett Kavanaugh, the judge who sits on the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, but I want to give you some sense of judges who sit on other circuits in other district courts, to make it clear why the Congressional Black Caucus is so alarmed at what is happening with federal court nominees. b2000 Some Federal court nominees proposed by this President have had to be rejected because they were unacceptable on any court, beyond any sense of conservatism. Most recently—I believe it was just last week—Ryan Bounds was to serve on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. A Republican Senate forced Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL to withdraw his name because two Republican Senators, Senator TIMSCOTT of South Carolina and Senator MARCO RUBIO of Florida, had indicated that they could not vote for Ryan Bounds because of remarks he had made on multiculturalism and racial issues. You don’t want anybody on the bench who has already shown racial animus. Since the Senate is so closely divided—51 Republicans to 49 Democrats—they were forced to withdraw Ryan Bounds’ nomination. I point that out to let you know that it is not a done deal that Brett Kavanaugh will go on the Supreme Court. That close number is going to hold up, we think, not only for Democrats, but when Senate hearings are over, we believe it will be very difficult even for some of our Republican friends to vote for Judge Kavanaugh. Remember, the Senate represents a rather broad swath of people, so they will have to watch out for their own elections as well. Let me give another example of how extreme President Trump’s nominees to the Federal courts can be. Three more have had to be withdrawn related to race. Again, I am going to give you examples, and you will say nobody would ever have nominated such people to any court in the United States. Last year, the White House was forced to withdraw a district court nominee, Brett Talley. What forced his withdrawal were reports that he had defended the first Ku Klux Klan in an online post—that is, the first, I suppose, emergence of the Ku Klux Klan— as recently as in a 2011 posting. Jeff Mateer had his nomination withdrawn over reports that transgender children were—and I am quoting him now—part of ‘‘Satan’s plan.’’ Now, look, if I were to call out these remarks, you might think that nobody thought of for the Federal bench would be who I was talking about, but that is exactly who we were talking about. That is why the Congressional Black Caucus cannot possibly support Judge Kavanaugh. We understand that whatever nominee comes forward is going to be a conservative nominee. We are not asking for the nominee we would appoint. We are simply not asking for and will do all we can to oppose nominees who are beyond the American pale. I am speaking for the Congressional Black Caucus, which represents 17 million African Americans. It is interesting to note that we have, in looking at Judge Kavanaugh, and here I am going on to the Supreme Court, in looking at his decisions, we have grown truly concerned about his lack of respect for precedent. I say that even though, increasingly, these precedents run against us. But when they have run for us, they have been on matters of equal protection under the law. And Judge Kavanaugh has shown an uncommon disrespect for precedent. I invite my Republican friends, who also respect precedent because many of those precedents will reinforce their own views, to be leery of any judge who disregards precedent. His views on civil rights and equal protection have been out of the mainstream, but there haven’t been a lot of them, so I have had to look closely to see what his views actually are. I must say that, even his conservative colleagues and, I must emphasize, on the D.C. Circuit, which is now a conservative circuit with more Republican judges than Democratic judges, have often had to disagree with their colleague Judge Kavanaugh. He has achieved a higher number of dissents than any member of the D.C. Circuit Court annually. How could that happen? This is a conservative court. Who is he dissenting from? He is dissenting from not only the Democratic appointees but from his own colleagues appointed by Republicans. Now, of course, the notion of equal protection has disproportionately protected minorities and women, so we are very mindful of such decisions, even when they don’t directly entail people of color whom we directly represent. For example, we are concerned that no Americans be arrested without probable cause, and if you are a minority in any country, the probability of arrest will be greater than if you are among the majority. We are concerned about the Affordable Care Act, again because of the disproportionate number of African Americans who are affected. I am going to cite some decisions that show that Judge Kavanaugh cannot be trusted to uphold what even his conservative colleagues have said on such issues as these. Let us look at arrests without probable cause. I bring that up because of the churning of relevent issues in our country. A week does not go by that there hasn’t been a shooting of an African American by a police officer. This issue is among the very top in the African American community, the concern about overzealous police officers. Kavanaugh has both spoken out and written, over and over again, in such a way to indicate that he would weaken probable cause standards that have stood for the ages—that is how long they have been there—making them, as he has written, more flexible. As you consider this possible change as one about which African Americans are concerned, I hope you understand that most of the people who need probable cause in this country are White. So decisions making it easier to do searches without a warrant or ‘‘individualized suspicion’’—I am quoting him—are decisions he believes need to be looked at more closely, even though the existing precedents has been clear, and they have not been challenged in other circuits. Perhaps the rule that most Americans understand best is the socalled Miranda rule. That is a rule that says you don’t have to incriminate yourself. Judge Kavanaugh appears to want to narrow that rule. I didn’t think I would ever see the day when, after decades— must be 50 years—of Miranda juris prudence, there would be any judge sitting on any bench who would want to narrow the selfincrimination rule. Of special interest to African Americans are Judge Kavanaugh’s apparent 
views on Roe v. Wade, or the right of a woman to choice. We don’t know precisely where he stands on choice, but there is a very troubling precedent from this circuit involving an undocumented woman who had been found to be entitled to an abortion. Now, that hadn’t happened here. The case was in the D.C. Circuit, but the ruling was from a Texas court, perhaps the most conservative on matters of abortion, which made this woman go through many steps before deciding that she, indeed, qualified under Roe v. Wade for an abortion. Judge Kavanaugh tried to do something that is unfathomable. The time was running. The House wants abortions done within 20 weeks. Roe v. Wade allows more time. The time was running, but Judge Kavanaugh ruled that she should have to get a sponsor before she could, in fact, enforce her constitutional rights to choice. His own court overruled Judge Kavanaugh. I bring that up in no small part because African American women, for example, use abortion at a rate that is beyond the average American woman, so this issue matters to the Congressional Black Caucus. On the Affordable Care Act, we have perhaps the most astonishing of Judge Kavanaugh’s decisions. He hasn’t said the ACA is unconstitutional. That is pretty hard to say at the circuit court level. But he has said something that has never been said before in American juris prudence: that a President may decline to enforce a law even after the Supreme Court has said that the law or statute is constitutional. Understand what this means. The Affordable Care Act has been found to be constitutional. Yes, there are still attempts in this House to overturn it, but it stands. It is so popular that, while Brett Kavanaugh is being discussed in the Senate during the month of August, Senate Democrats are going to be talking about the Affordable Care Act because it has become one of the most popular laws in the United States today, even though the Republicans have done all they could to cripple it. Judge Kavanaugh has said that the President may decline to enforce a law like the Affordable Care Act even after it is found to be constitutional. What happens to the rule of law if that becomes the standing law of the United States? This is not just a wrong view but a dangerous view. It would allow Presidents to pick and choose which laws to enforce, notwithstanding the courts, that a President could stand as the sole decider of what laws to enforce, notwithstanding the jurisdiction of the United States Supreme Court. b2015 Mr. Speaker, Brett Kavanaugh isn’t fit to go to the Supreme Court of the United States based on the record he has shown. Yet Judge Kavanaugh seems to have gone out of his way to try to write his way onto the Supreme Court. Why would he write so often in dissent? Why would he so often in write the law, views that are uncommon among Republicans? I think he was trying to draw the attention of President Trump. And one of the reasons I think so is the last issue I will discuss, and that is this nominee’s view, Judge Kavanaugh’s view, of the independent counsel. You really had to dig this one up. As recently as 2017, he dug back into a decision of long ago. This is a 1988 decision, Morrison v. Olson. He said he had not agreed with the author of the decision. It was Chief Justice William Rehnquist, the Republican Chief Justice. But he went out of his way to wonder about Judge Rehnquist’s holding in that case, Morrison v. Olson, that the independent counsel was constitutional. Why has Judge Kavanaugh gone out of his way to talk about the independent counsel when, in fact, there was no such case before him? I think he was sending a signal to this President: Don’t worry about the independent counsel as far as I am concerned. I quarrel with whether or not the independent counsel law is constitutional. If there wasn’t an independent counsel law, really, what would be the deterrent to a lawless President? The deterrent, of course, would have to be impeachment. Impeachment is understood to be a political but difficult process. That is why it is very hard to get. So right now, we have matters before the independent counsel that, indeed, are ordinary criminal and civil matters. The notion that somebody sitting on any Federal court of the United States believes that the independent counsel statute is unconstitutional or could be—he hasn’t said that it is unconstitutional. He has come so close to it that it is noteworthy, for anyone judging whether he should go on the Supreme Court of the United States. Judge Kavanaugh has demonstrated such a departure from established American law that one wonders why he wants to be on the Supreme Court of the United States. He has made a lifetime record of numerous dissents, I think, in order to show that he means to bring an even sharper departure from precedent than we have seen. One of the most important and most conservative ways in which the courts operate is by precedent. So it is very hard to overturn precedent. But a determined member of the Court can chip away at precedent, and, we are sure, can chip away at the rights of the minority who is disproportionately dependent on a fair Supreme Court. So I say to my good friend from Pennsylvania that we have our work cut out for us. But the President’s district and circuit nominees have not all been upheld, and that should encourage us to know that, while we are not in the Senate, we do have two members of the Congressional Black Caucus who are in the Senate, and we must all be doing all we can here in the House to help them make the American people understand what is at stake and to make sure that the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Judge Brett Kavanaugh, does not become a member of the Supreme Court of the United States. I thank my good friend for his leadership this evening. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask my good colleague from the District one or two questions, if I could. I listened very intently. One of my favorite decisions that came down was May 17, 1954, Brown v. Board of Education. Mr. Speaker, the President asked Black Americans, after he came to the city of Philadelphia, he said: What do we have to lose? I think, ‘‘what the hell do we have to lose?’’ So I ask the gentlewoman that question in the context of Brown v. Board of Education, and that is over 64 years ago now. And for where we are, I just heard her very succinctly say about his ability to chip away and not, you know, be able to fully overturn. So I would ask her to talk a little bit about how would she see anything relating to Brown v. Board of Education and his ability in any of his writings relating to that particular decision that came down. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, my good friend who raises the question about Brown v. Board of Education may seem to be raising the question about such settled law, both with the American people and the courts, that it couldn’t possibly come up. If I may first respond to the gentleman by saying that one of President Trump’s nominees was asked where she stood on Brown v. Board of Education, and she declined to give an answer. More than 50 years after the Supreme Court, for the first time, recognized that African Americans must be treated the same as everyone else in the United States, we now have a nominee who questions even that precedent. You may not be able to overturn it, but consider the notion of chipping away any part of it, remembering what it meant is spread now not across schools, but across the juris prudence of equality. I appreciate the question. I say to my good friend from Pennsylvania, I appreciate the question so that Americans will understand that our opposition to Judge Kavanaugh is not farfetched, that we are talking about a Supreme Court nominee, who leads us to believe that the most settled of decisions could be rocked by this nominee to the Supreme Court. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would ask one other question. The gentlewoman also laid out the percentages of numbers. Does the gentlewoman think there is some sort of philosophical packing taking place here when she describes the 8 percent versus the 2 percent. But just the 8 percent, is there some type of strategy 
going on here relating to packing the Court, the Highest Court in the land, at least in some way influencing for years, 25, 50 years down the line? Is there something going on here that the public should know and be aware of? The gentlewoman has obviously studied the court system, the judicial system herself over many, many years. Has the gentlewoman ever seen—and I heard her make the comparison of President Bush, and I understood the comparison she made. It seems like there is something else going on here besides just putting individuals on the Court, but there is something like some type of philosophical strategy going on here. Am I missing some point in what the gentlewoman just laid out to us? Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, that is a most interesting question. And as the gentleman indicated, I pointed out that I didn’t expect a Republican President to come anywhere near Democratic Presidents in proposing nominees. However, I don’t expect complete disdain for the importance of the courts to African Americans. I would not expect the lowest number of African Americans appointed to the courts of the United States in memory, certainly not since the 20th century in Brown v. Board of Education. There had been some sense among Republican Presidents that one way to indicate that a Republican President believed in equal justice was to propose some African Americans on the court. Now, when you get to 90 percent—more than 90 percent nominees White, you are sending a very strong message on equal protection to African Americans. This President has been accused of racism because of some of the things he has said. For example, Charlottesville, when he seemed to be for those killing people and not against them. I am not sure what his personal views are, but I am sure that when he shows disdain for equal protection and has given us no evidence that he understands equal protection, that we have every reason to wonder what it is that he intends to do to show people of every background that he is for equal justice. It does seem to me that the President needs to make some gesture to indicate that he believes that all people are created equal. The best gesture would be to bite into this 90 percent—this 2 percent figure, a little over 2 percent figure of African Americans appointed to the bench, raise that number, as the Congressional Black Caucus calls on him to do this evening. He may have, for example, been reacting to those staff who have been giving him judges to appoint, but I say to you, I say to my good friend from Pennsylvania, that there are many Senators who, I am sure, have suggested some qualified African American nominees or could do so. I would urge the President to wipe away this notion that he thinks the United States of America should have as close to an all White judiciary as he can get by talking to, listening to some Senators who I am almost certain will have already put forward some African Americans, or surely will be doing so in the future. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, the one last question I would ask the gentlewoman: The Congressional Black Caucus gave a document, as a matter of fact, to the President that said we have a lot to lose. In asking that question—and the gentlewoman has again done an excellent job in laying out historical perspective for where we are—obviously, as African Americans, it seems like, to me, there has to be a huge fear factor because, if the only check and balance, obviously, is the Congressional Black Caucus being the conscience of the Congress, and the United States Senate, you know, is that check and balance, what would you say to African Americans, Latinos, others relating to where we are, because this is a very crucial time. What would the gentlewoman say when he says, ‘‘What the hell do you have to lose?’’ and we say, ‘‘We have a lot to lose’’? What would you say? What would you say to the people? Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, the most important thing I would say to the people is look at that 49–51 figure of how close the Senate is, and within a couple of months, there will be an election. We could turn a lot of this around. If, as the polls tend to show, Democrats capture the House, and they are increasingly showing that they will keep the Senate, it seems to me all the American people can do now is take it to the ultimate remedy, and that is to change the Congress. And that way, it seems to me, would slow these nominees or get nominees where there will be some consultation with Democrats, as there has been in the past, often, in the Senate because you want to get your nominee through. So I don’t think, by any means, that there is anything to fear because there is an election coming and I believe that what this nominee for the Supreme Court and others for the district courts—and here we have African Americans mindful of the district courts and the courts of appeals throughout the United States. Surely all of that is, forgive the word, ammunition to go to the polls to make sure we halt this stripping of equal protection from the Federal courts of the United States. b2030 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great District of Columbia, where we need to make sure that she has a right to vote in this body is also something that needs to take place in terms of the District of Columbia and representation, and I thank her for that knowledge and information that she has provided to us. I have someone else, Mr. Speaker, who I have grown deeply in understanding her thoughts and her comments. I had the chance of visiting the Seventh Congressional District in the great State of Alabama. She is moving and making a lot of things happen there in Alabama. She definitely said: ‘‘I have to speak on this.’’ I heard her give some comments before on this, and she has some real thoughts about what is taking place in the courts. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership on tonight’s topic. I also associate myself with his comments, as well as the comments of Delegate ELEANOR HOLMES  NORTON . Congresswoman N ORTON has been a steward on the issue of judicial appointments in the United States Congress for many decades, and it is an honor to follow her tonight in her leadership against the Trump administration’s attempt to stack the courts with extreme rightwing political allies. Just as President Trump has attacked our Nation’s free press, just as he has attacked our intelligence agency, this President is now targeting our Nation’s third branch of government, our treasured court system. We cannot let President Trump destroy yet another institution of American democracy. The importance of a fair and nonpartisan court system cannot be overestimated. It is our Supreme Court, overall, that decided Brown v. Board of Education, the case that ended segregation in America’s schools. It was our courts which struck down voter suppression laws, like poll taxes that freed and allowed lots and lots of African Americans in my home State of Alabama to vote. It was the Supreme Court that protected the work of the free press and our Nation’s newspapers when President Nixon attempted to silence them. And it was our Supreme Court which struck down discriminatory State laws prohibiting interracial and gay marriage. Those court decisions were the product of judges and justices in our judicial system, who put our Constitution and the law first, irrespective of the pressure they faced from politicians and from Presidents. Mr. Speaker, the opposite can be true as well. When our courts are stacked with political allies, who put politics first and justice last, our Nation suffers. We need think of no other than the infamous Supreme Court decision which paved the way for Japanese American internment camps as an example. It is a reminder of all that can go wrong when our courts are stacked with political allies. Today, our court system continues to decide questions that will have consequences for generations to come. When it comes to gerrymandering and discriminatory voter ID laws, our courts are still considering cases that will impact our right to vote. As this administration continues its assault on our free press, we should have no doubt that the courts will be 
faced with First Amendment questions in the years to come. That is why President Trump’s attempt to stack the court is so concerning. Last year, this administration appointed nine appellate judges, more than any President since President Nixon during their first term in office. And where do those open appellate seats come from? These are judgeships which Republicans systematically held open during President Barack Obama’s final 2 years. I can speak with authority on that fact because, in the State of Alabama, we had not one, not two, but three open Federal judgeships that were held open for 2plus years, and one 11th Circuit appellate judgeship that was held open for 2 years. Yes, the people of Alabama were not well served by the fact that my Republican colleagues withheld appointing any person to that, in hopes that they would win the Presidential election in 2016. Now it was a good bet for them, but it was a bad bet for the American people and for the people of Alabama. For you see, the judges that were sitting, took on an inordinate amount of caseload that was unacceptable. I know that for one, in the Middle District of Alabama, there was a senior judge by the name of Myron Thompson, who had 120 percent caseload. Yes, that is right. As a senior judge, he not only had a caseload that surpassed his caseload when he was an active judge, but, as a senior judge, took on an extraordinary number of cases. Why? Because in the Middle District of Alabama, there was only one judge sitting, as well as one senior judge, Judge Thompson. This is unacceptable. This is an unacceptable play towards politics that, in the end, disserved the people of Alabama and disserved the American public. The same was true on the Supreme Court level. Yes, Judge Merrick Garland was supremely qualified to sit on the Supreme Court, and was President Obama’s choice to sit on the Supreme Court. But a year prior to the 2016 election, the GOP decided that it was not the time for a judge to be appointed when a Federal election was going to take place within a year. Now, one can say the same thing about the fact that we have a midterm election that is coming up in 2018. But, oh, no, we don’t get the same courtesy. This is politics before people, it is unacceptable, and we should not take it sitting down. That is why I am very happy that the Congressional Black Caucus tonight, under the leadership of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, is talking about stacking of the Supreme Court and its importance to all Americans. I can speak firsthand how important the court system was to the civil rights and voting rights movement of America. As a daughter of Selma, Alabama, and as the first Black congresswoman from the State of Alabama, I can tell you, unequivocally, that it was because of the protections of the equal protection amendment, it was because of the Constitution and those brave judges, judges like Frank Johnson of the Middle District of Alabama, who stood against pressure to do what was right for all Americans, interpreting the Constitution as it was meant to be: that all men and women are created equal, and that the equal protection of the law extends to all Americans, irrespective of race and gender. So I think it is really important that we remember from whence we all come. This is a proud tradition that is important that we uphold. What is even more concerning is the temperament displayed by the court picks under this administration and their lack of qualification for the job. Last year, President Trump nominated four judicial nominees who didn’t pass the American Bar Association’s standard for being rated qualified by the ABA. Now, that is a simple standard. The ABA standard of requiring that one be qualified is simple: a nominee must show integrity, professional competence, and judicial temperament. During his 8 years in office, President Obama never—I repeat—never selected a judicial nominee who received an unqualified rating from the ABA. Yet, this President nominated four unqualified judicial candidates in a single year, which is the worst record in American history. One was to a Federal bench in Alabama. The nominee was Brett Talley, who withdrew his name in 2017 for his lack of judicial experience. He had never tried a case, and yet this person was nominated by this administration to a life appointment on the bench in the Middle District of Alabama. Unacceptable. Thank God, calmer and cooler heads prevailed and he withdrew his name. But the reality is, having unqualified candidates should not go under this administration. We should stand up and speak out against it. That is why I am glad to join with my colleagues from the Congressional Black Caucus as we talk about what is at stake. A heck of a lot is at stake. We have a lot to lose under this administration, and it starts with the Federal courts. The reason President Trump has elected so many unqualified judges to fill our courts is that they are political allies of the extreme right. Every single one of President Trump’s judicial nominees are allies of the rightwing, attacking women’s rights, attacking human rights, attacking healthcare and workers’ rights, and, of course, attacking voting rights. President Trump’s recent nominee of Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court is no different. A review of Judge Kavanaugh’s record shows that he will drive the Supreme Court further to the right, threatening and further attacking healthcare, our right to vote, affirmative action, and all of the important progress that we have made as a Nation when it comes to civil rights and civil liberties. It was Judge Kavanaugh who upheld a discriminatory voter ID law as a judge on the D.C. Court of Appeals. Faced with a South Carolina voter ID law, which the Obama administration reported would disenfranchise tens of thousands of minority voters, Judge Kavanaugh ruled that the measure was not discriminatory. The Obama administration said this same voter ID law violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a similar piece of legislation, and Judge Kavanaugh approved it. That is bad news for voting rights. And where I come from, representing Alabama’s Seventh Congressional District, the voting rights, and the civil rights district of America, that is bad news for Americans. We should stand up for the equal rights of all Americans to vote. There should be no modernday barriers to voting. And to have a Supreme Court nominee who has so blatantly gone against that is unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, on voting rights and so many other issues, from healthcare to police brutality, the American people cannot trust Trump’s judicial nominees to put the law before politics. We must call on the Senate to stop President Trump’s attempt to stack the courts. Nothing less than the third branch of government, our democracy, is at stake. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for allowing me to speak on this issue, and I ask that all Americans oppose this nominee to the Supreme Court. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleague from the great State of Alabama a question. This President talked about cleaning up the swamp. She may recall he talked about that issue. From listening to her just now, it appears that we know how it was taking place with his Cabinet, but we are talking about something very sacred, and that is the courts. Can she talk a little bit about, does she see cleaning up the swamp taking place here relating to the courts? Because as I listened to her, it sounds like the courts are not being cleaned up. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is exactly right. The swamp only needs to be cleaned up when the swamp doesn’t agree with this President. We have seen, in the nomination of Brett Talley to Alabama’s Middle District, that he did not report that his wife worked for the White House counsel. Now, this, to me, is an important disclosure. You can’t be more on the inside, in the swamp, drowning in the swamp, than to have a relationship like your wife working for the White House. I think it is really hypocritical that this White House would talk about draining the swamp, and yet choose judicial nominees that are clearly in line with far rightwing views and are clearly a part of the problem, not a part of the solution. 
I think that we, the American people, need to really speak out when it comes to the Supreme Court nominee, and, actually, all Federal judgeships. I had the great honor of clerking for the first African American judge in the State of Alabama, Judge U.W. Clemon. It was a great honor of my life as a young lawyer to sit at his feet and to learn. And I have to tell you that it is disheartening to me to see people who are woefully unqualified getting the opportunity to be nominated to a Federal bench. These are life appointments, life appointments that allow people to sit in those seats for decades to come and, therefore, decide decisions decades to come. b2045 I know that when you talk to our Senators, they will, if they are truthful, tell you that some of the most pressing legacy issues for them are the nominations to the Supreme Court and the nominations to the Federal court. Why? Because these nominations, life appointments, have lasting effects that yield way beyond the actual nomination itself. It is unfortunate to me, because when we think about, of the three branches government that worked for the civil rights movement and worked for all those freedom fighters, it was the Federal court that, with its independence, was able to grant so many opportunities to those freedom riders. I think about Frank Johnson, a young judge from Montgomery, Alabama, who grew up in rural Alabama and had the temerity, had the audacity, had the courage to do what was right in the face of mounting pressures that came from his White citizenry around him to do the right thing and to actually issue that injunction that allowed marchers, such as our colleague, JOHN LEWIS, to march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, which brought us the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Where is our courage today? I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania. We have to stand up in the face of such overt partisanship and speak out against it. The balance of the Court is so important. So much of the progress that we have seen as a Nation, we have always been one Supreme Court Justice away from a lot of that progress being eroded. It is with great sadness that I see Justice Kennedy leave, but it is with greater sadness that I see the nominee, Kavanaugh, coming before the Senate for confirmation as the next Federal Justice. I do know that politics and elections have consequences, but when I think about the scale of progress and what affects that progress, nothing is more telling, nothing is more important, than the Supreme Court. I hope that aggrieved persons, irrespective of their gender, irrespective of their race and who they love, that they can come before the Supreme Court and get a fair hearing. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleague another question, but before I do that, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FASO). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, in the past, Judge Kavanaugh has emphasized the importance of ‘‘checking political alliances at the door.’’ So I ask the gentlewoman that question relating to what she just said because, in addition to the dark future for landmark decisions like Roe v. Wade, voting rights, affirmative action, Brown v. Board of Education, accessibility to affordable healthcare could be greatly diminished, the gentlewoman said that has consequences. And this is his quote. He said ‘‘check political alliances at the door.’’ So tell us now, we have got about 4 minutes, tell us, can we believe that he will check the political alliances? Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Well, he has a very expansive record. He sat on the bench now for over a decade, so there is an expansive record there. I believe in looking at a person’s record to be able to tell what they will do in the future. His past has shown that he is squarely aligned with the Federalist Society, squarely aligned with the far right. It is because of his extreme views that he is now the nominee. Now, I would love for him to prove me wrong, but one’s history, one’s past, is a judge of what one will do in the future. So my great fear is about issues such as the right of the executive branch to overreach. His decisions that relate to that, to me, are why I believe this President chose him, because there has been some overreaching going on in the executive branch, and this President feels that this judge will be more partial toward him. Now, let’s just be very clear. The judge should be about being partial toward the facts and toward the law, irrespective of who the petitioner is. I can tell you that often people say that justice is blind. But the reality is justice often is seen through the eyes of the experience of the judges. That is why it is important to have a bench that is diverse, a bench that has diversity of thought, diversity of philosophy and ideas, because, at the end of the day, we are not monolithic as a people. We all have different views, and we come to those perspectives based on our experiences. Frankly, this particular judge, this particular nominee, Kavanaugh, does not show that diversity of experience. His views have been clearly aligned with the far right, and I believe that that is woefully out of character with the American public. I believe that the American public is far more centrist than that and that the American public deserves better than that. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Alabama, and I really appreciate her comments and help. In closing, Mr. Speaker, the Congressional Black Caucus, with both of my colleagues, all of them today, really have shown how we need to be very conscious of this decision that the Senate is about to make. This is extremely important in talking about the future in America, and we need to understand that we must operate under the Constitution and the rule of law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to join my colleagues in unequivocally condemning the President’s gross assault on the independence of the federal judiciary by stacking the federal courts with unqualified nominees. Since his inauguration a year and six months ago, the President and his supporters in the Senate have proceeded at breakneck speed to nominate ideological, oftenunqualified candidates. In his first 330 days in office, the President had won confirmation for 12 of his appeals court nominees—the most in an administration’s first year since creation of the circuit court system in 1891. The President’s appellate nominees were approved by the Senate in an average of just 20 days after being voted out of the committee—which is eight times faster than President Obama’s nominees. As a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, I am concerned by the pervasive lack of oversight and partisanship that has poisoned our judiciary far more than the collection of highly publicized incidents would have us believe. We must remember that the judiciary abuses of this Administration are the continuation of the shameless partisanship of Senate Republicans first began with the theft of the seat of Judge Merrick Garland. Judge Garland had long been considered a prime prospect for the high court, serving as chief judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit—a frequent source of justices that is sometimes called the ‘‘little Supreme Court.’’ Widely regarded as a moderate, Judge Garland had been praised in the past by many Republicans, including influential senators such as ORRIN HATCH of Utah. But even before President Obama had named Judge Garland, and in fact only hours after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, Senate Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL de clared in February 2016 that any appointment by the sitting president would be null and void. Senator MCCONNELL foreclosed any consideration of a nominee for the vacancy until after the 2016 election, nearly a year away. Mr. Speaker, Supreme Court picks have often been controversial. There have been contentious hearings and floor debates and contested votes. But never has a nominee been ignored entirely, as if no vacancy existed. A federal lawsuit was filed to compel Senator MCCONNELL to hold a vote on Judge Garland, but it was dismissed because the plaintiff lacked standins. This president has used the levers of his office to continue to divide, rather than unite. When confronted with a replacement to the Supreme Court’s swing vote, the President has chosen an ideologue and a foot soldier of 
the Republican Party and the conservative movement. To be sure, Brett Kavanaugh has acceptable credentials and has enjoyed an undistinguished tenure as a member of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. But, it is not his credentials or his pedigree which is worrisome. Rather, throughout his entire career—as a deputy in the rightwing’s crusade against President Bill Clinton during the 1990s, as a political operative fighting to prevent the recount in Florida in 2000, which paved the way for the Supreme Court’s decision in Bush v. Gore, and thereafter a decade as a stalwart conservative on the country’s most important federal appellate court—Brett Kavanaugh has used his legal acumen in the service of decidedly and uncompromisingly conservative causes. Instead of ensuring that the court will protect the rights of minorities, women, children, and society’s most vulnerable, the President has chosen to politicize our halls of justice. This President has used his Constitutional powers to push down on the scales of lady justice. Both of the President’s Supreme Court appointees—Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh—have drawn withering criticism from respected organizations across the nation. Marc Morial, the president of the National Urban League, the oldest and largest communitybased nonpartisan civil rights organization of its kind, condemned Neil Gorsuch’s nomination and the regression of the Supreme Court on civil rights issues. More recently, the National Urban League, National Action Network, NAACP, NAACP Legal Defense Fund & National Coalition on Black Civic Participation urged citizens to contact Senators to delay confirming Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. The Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a nonprofit formed in 1963 at the request of President Kennedy to involve the private bar in providing legal services addressing racial discrimination, explicitly denounced Kavanaugh’s nomination. President and executive director of Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Kristen Clarke remarked that in this critical time for civil rights protections under attack by the administration, ‘‘it would be an abdication of [the Senate’s] constitutional responsibility to merely rubber stamp Kavanaugh’s nomination’’ on partisan grounds. Rev. Al Sharpton, civil rights leader and President of National Action Network (NAN), released the following statement following President Donald Trump’s announcement of the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh: 
Some will pass this off as a middle of the road pick. Don’t be fooled. On every issue, Kavanaugh has proven to be an ideologue who will ignore our rights . . . This is a fight for the soul of our country, and we at National Action Network call on the Senate to stop Kavanaugh’s nomination at any cost— his confirmation would be a disastrous attack on basic human rights. 
The NAACP—with its cherished heritage of struggling for fairminded justice, including when it was instrumental in defeating a Herbert Hoover nominee to the Supreme Court, John Parker—characterized the Kavanaugh nomination as an effort to ‘‘remake the Court in President Trump’s own image.’’ Fatima Goss Graves, President and CEO of the National Women’s Law Center (NWLC) expressed strong concern that Kavanaugh’s nomination could put women’s health, equality, dignity, and even lives on the line: ‘‘it will shift the balance of the Court, and could roll back rights for an entire generation.’’ The backlash has not only to do with the abandonment of the pursuit of justice for blatant partisanship, but also the flagrant breach of protocol in nominating Kavanaugh. Usually, the White House Counsel’s office maintains a list of potential nominees on hand, along with some basic information about them, long before an opening appears. An informal working group is assembled from several sections of the White House, including not just the counsel’s office but legislative affairs, the vice president’s office, the chief of staff, and the Attorney General. Congressional leaders from both parties are consulted, as well: GOP strategist Ken Duberstein, who helped shepherd half a dozen Supreme Court nominees, said in an interview that it is critical the administration reaches out to both parties on Capitol Hill, as ‘‘there has to be some consultation, on both sides of the aisle, coming from the White House.’’ Instead of this timehonored, bipartisan process, the President has relied heavily on the Federalist Society—a nationwide organization of conservative lawyers that openly seeks to ‘‘reorder priorities within the legal system to place a premium on conservative values.’’ Leonard Leo, the executive vice president of the Federalist Society, went as far as to take leave from the Society to construct a list of nominees for the President: granting such unprecedented access to an unashamedly partisan organization is a departure from convention. This approach—partisanship above justice; loyalty above protocol—should be concerning and insulting to every American whose civil liberties are at stake. But more disturbing than partisanship in judicial nominations is the deliberate appointment of unqualified candidates. Thomas Farr, the Raleigh attorney nominated for a judicial appointment to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina, received the wholehearted support of the President and North Carolina’s two U.S. senators, while two qualified AfricanAmerican women could not even get a hearing. Farr has been the lead attorney in a series of recent legislative efforts to suppress political participation by African Americans in the state. In 2010, Farr advised the General Assembly in what federal courts later termed a ‘‘racial gerrymander’’ of North Carolina House, Senate and U.S. Congressional districts. In separate lawsuits, each redistricting plan was proven to have intentionally discriminated against AfricanAmerican voters. In 2013, the North Carolina General Assembly enacted a bill that shortened early voting, required voters to present governmentissued IDs and eliminated sameday voter registration and outofprecinct voting—all of which are forms of marginalization and voter suppression. Farr advised the legislature on the bill and then became lead counsel in a threeyear battle to defend it. Federal courts ruled the law unconstitutional and an attempt to disenfranchise African American voters ‘‘with almost surgical precision.’’ Farr began his notorious in voter suppression and racebaiting career as a campaign aide to Senator Jesse Helms, who entered public life in campaigns that urged ‘‘White People Wake Up’’ and smeared the University of North Carolina as ‘‘the University of Negroes and Communists.’’ Helms was infamous for his diatribes against ‘‘Negro hoodlums’’ and ‘‘forced integration,’’ and for touting the ‘‘purely scientific statistical evidence of natural racial distinction in group intellect.’’ Helms became the state’s most vociferous opponent of the civil rights movement, which, as late as 2005, Helms railed had ‘‘ripped away at the customs and institutions people cared about.’’ During Farr’s time on the campaign, the Helms Campaign Committee sent more than 105,000 post cards to African Americans falsely warning that they were ineligible to vote and could be arrested for voter fraud if they appeared at the polls. Farr denied having any knowledge of this effort, but a former Department of Justice official said the Helms disciple ‘‘absolutely’’ was involved in this and earlier illegal voter suppression tricks that the campaign described as ‘‘ballot security efforts.’’ A 1992 consent decree prohibited the campaign from tactics ‘‘to intimidate, threaten, coerce, deter, or otherwise interfere with a qualified voter’s exercise of the franchise’’—and Thomas Farr signed the decree. More than 20 years later, during Farr’s defense of the election law that the Fourth District Court ruled targeted AfricanAmerican voters ‘‘with almost surgical precision,’’ the judge in WinstonSalem asked Farr, ‘‘Why don’t y’all want people to vote?’’ A track record that continues to raise this question should prevent anyone from being appointed to the federal bench. But the problem is compounded by the fact that Farr would preside over the Eastern District, which contains a majority of the state’s counties with the highest percentages of African–American residents. Despite being home to North Carolina’s ‘‘Black Belt,’’ the Eastern District has never had an AfricanAmerican judge in its nearly century and half of existence. Senator BURR says Farr will ‘‘serve North Carolina well,’’ and Senator TILLIS—a sup porter of the massive voter suppression and racialized redistricting that allowed Republicans to take a super majority in the state legislature—calls the President’s nominee ‘‘impeccably qualified.’’ In doing so while blocking the hearings of MayParker and TimmonsGoodson, these Senators insist North Carolina be revealed as backwardlooking and bitter during nationally televised Senate hearings for a morally stained and unrepentant figure like Thomas Farr. Being a conservative is not the same thing as spending almost 40 years fighting to block full citizenship for all Americans. This nomination is not just about what Thomas Farr stands for—it is about what America stands for. Some nominations have been entirely inconsiderate of any standards of qualification that judicial nominees would otherwise be subject to. Matthew Petersen, a Trump nominee to a lifetime appointment on the U.S. District Court 
for the District of Columbia, withdrew from consideration for the seat in December 2017 days after a video clip showed him unable to answer basic questions about legal procedure. Petersen, a graduate of the University of Virginia Law School, was a member of the Federal Election Commission since 2008 but had no trial experience. His only connection to the Trump Administration was that his tenure on the FEC overlapped with that of White House counsel Don McGahn for about five years. Petersen was one of three judicial nominees picked by President Trump to have withdrawn in that week amid criticism about their qualifications. Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman CHARLES E. G RASSLEY told the White House to ‘‘reconsider’’ the nominations of the other two nominees, both of whom were reported to have endorsed positions or groups that embrace discrimination. A day later, both nominations were pulled. This gross disregard for competence is inconceivable in any profession, much less our government. One of the two withdrawn for discrimination was Brett Talley. Talley had been rated ‘‘unanimously unqualified’’ for the post by the American Bar Association after an evaluation that questioned his experience. Talley had never argued a case, or even a motion, in federal court, he testified. Mr. Talley nevertheless won preliminary approval from the Judiciary Committee’s Republican majority to be a judge. Even after Talley’s nomination advanced through the Senate Judiciary Committee on an 11–9 partyline vote, media reports and good government groups cast doubt on his credentials for the spot on the U.S. District Court in Alabama. As he was awaiting a Senate floor vote, it emerged that Mr. Talley had not disclosed that he was married to White House Counsel Don McGahn’s chief of staff. It was further publicized that he had failed to disclose that he had apparently written thousands of pseudonymous posts on a University of Alabama sports fan website, including one defending the early Ku Klux Klan. Talley’s withdrawal is celebrated as a case in which civic awareness and activism by various groups from media to good governance organizations pressured the government to do the right thing. One such organization that is critical to safeguarding fairness of justice in our courtrooms is the American Bar Association, which gave Talley the ‘‘unanimously unqualified’’ rating. Since 1953, this venerable legal organization has played a critical, behindthescenes role in assessing judicial nominees and their fitness to serve on the bench. By the end of President Trump’s first year, the ABA deemed at least four of Trump’s judicial nominees ‘‘not qualified.’’ But with the ABA emerging as a major stumbling block in President Trump’s effort to transform the courts, our colleagues in the GOP accused the nonpartisan group of holding a liberal slant and is seeking to sideline it. Instead of being equally concerned of the quality of judicial nominees put forth by this Administration, our colleagues chose to ignore the ABA and discredit the centuryold group. ABA President Hilarie Bass said the group is a ‘‘nonpartisan organization that has focused on legal issues and not politics’’ and that it has vetted thousands of judicial nominees ‘‘fairly and in a nonpartisan fashion’’ under both Republican and Democratic administrations. However, our colleagues are engaged in a desperate charge against factual truth itself. ‘‘The ABA’s record on judicial nominations has been highly questionable,’’ said Sen. TED CRUZ(R–Texas), a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, ‘‘it has demonstrated over past decades repeatedly partisan interests and ideological interests.’’ Arizona Sen. JEFFFLAKE, who also sits on the Judiciary Committee and is a vocal GOP critic of Trump, added: ‘‘Not a big fan of the ABA.’’ ‘‘It’s blatantly political,’’ Flake said. ‘‘Often. Not always.’’ In a shift from the Obama Administration and a return to the policy of President George W. Bush, the administration decided earlier this year not to allow the ABA to review potential candidates before they were nominated. Trump officials are abandoning the practice so Republicans can push through younger, conservative attorneys who may not have as much—if any—experience to a lifetime position on the bench. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in opposition of the Trump Administration’s misguided and foolish judicial nominations. I stand today as a woman, who fears for my fellow woman’s right to choose. I stand today as a granddaughter of immigrants, who recognizes the value of immigration to our, society and national identity. I stand today as an African American, who celebrates the progress our community has made in expanding civil rights in our nation, but recognizes the struggle yet left ahead. I stand today as a mother and grandmother, who is determined to hold our courts accountable to safeguarding our nation’s civil liberties for generations to come. I stand today as an American, because a judiciary that dispenses evenhanded justice is what defines who we are and what we stand for. Mr. Speaker, fellow members of Congress, let us be unequivocally clear that it is our responsibility and our high call of service to our fellow citizens to defend the rule of law and preserve our courts as the bastion of justice in our nation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the judicial branch serves as one of the key pillars of our democracy, charged with restraining both the legislative and executive branches from reaching beyond their constitutional authority first envisioned by our Founding Fathers. The importance of having qualified judges on the bench is not only vital to the judiciary, but also to the proper functioning of our system of checks and balances—and by extension, our democratic system. By stacking the courts with biased, unqualified judges, President Trump and Senate Majority Leader MCCONNELL are choosing party over their country in a manner that will cause enduring harm to the process and principles that we hold dear as a democratic nation. The nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court is already a dangerous threat to longstanding precedent on matters regarding civil rights, abortion, and government oversight. However, the lower federal courts are equally as important to the judiciary’s ability to protect the fundamental rights that we enjoy as Americans. President Trump has demonstrated time and time again through his nominations of extreme candidates that he has little to no regard for due process, and has every intention of leaving behind a lifelong legacy of stacking the courts to favor radical rightwing conservatism. Mr. Speaker, the nominees being put forth by this Administration and the process by which they are being vetted is a wild and dangerous departure from regular order. Senate Republicans are knowingly sidestepping traditional vetting protocols in order to rush right wing judicial nominees through the process before the American people can react. It is a misguided practice that places partisan politics over the needs of the American people, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to oppose any unqualified nominee at every opportunity. f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: (For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of July 23, 2018, published in Book II.) 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of inclement weather affecting travel. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 19, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 6042. To amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification system, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, July 24, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5716. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Lee K. Levy II, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5717. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Michael H. Shields, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5718. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter Standard [EPAR03OAR20170337; FRL998068Region 3] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5719. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Partial Deletion of the Naval Industrial Reserve Ordnance Plant Superfund Site [EPAHQ SFUND19890007; FRL998071Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5720. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Partial Deletion of the Beloit Corporation Superfund Site [EPAHQSFUND19900011; FRL998064 Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5721. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Emissions Statement Requirement for the 2008 Ozone Standard [EPAR03OAR2017 0637; FRL998070Region 3] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5722. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Tennessee; Revisions to Stage I and II Vapor Recovery Requirements [EPAR04OAR2017 0740; FRL998081Region 4] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5723. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Ohio NSR PM2.5 Precursors [EPAR05OAR 20170164; FRL998092Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5724. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Minnesota; Flint Hills Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Revision [EPAR05OAR20170099; FRL998096 Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5725. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Revisions to Part 9 Miscellaneous Rules [EPAR05OAR20170100; FRL998094Region 5] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5726. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; 2008 Ozone NAAQS Interstate Transport SIP Requirements [EPAR04OAR2018 0142; FRL998057Region 4] received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5727. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18031, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 40(g)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5728. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17143, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5729. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17109, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5730. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17092, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5731. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18004, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5732. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18007, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5733. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (Transmittal No.: DDTC 17119); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5734. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22411, ‘‘AllTerrain Vehicle Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5735. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting DC Act 22412, ‘‘Attorney General Limited GrantMaking Authority Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5736. A letter from the Acting Director and General Counsel, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Executive Branch Financial Disclosure, Qualified Trusts, and Certificates of Divestiture (RIN: 3209AA00) received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5737. A letter from the Architect of the Capital, transmitting the semiannual report of disbursements for the operations of the Architect of the Capitol for the period of January 1, 2018, through June 30, 2018, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 1868a(a); Public Law 11376, div. I, title I, Sec. 1301(a); (128 Stat. 428) (H. Doc. No. 115—141); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 5738. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2017 Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for Greater Amberjack [Docket No.: 140819686599902] (RIN:0648XF779) received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5739. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Authorization of Revised Reporting Requirements Due to Catastrophic Conditions for Federal Seafood Dealers and Individual Fishing Quota Dealers in Portions of Florida [Docket Nos.: 0902061409108103 and 120405260425802] (RIN: 0648XF723) received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5740. A letter from the Vice Chairman and Executive Director, Administrative Conference of the United States, transmitting recommendations adopted by the Conference at its 69th plenary session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5741. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final regulations, temporary regulations, and removal of temporary regulations — Inversions and Related Transactions [TD 9834] (RIN: 1545BO20; 1545BO22) received July 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6077. A bill recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York (Rept. 115–854). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5979. A bill to establish the Mill Springs Battlefield National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of 
the National Park System, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–855). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 5613. A bill to designate the Quindaro Townsite in Kansas City, Kansas, as a National Historic Landmark, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–856). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 519. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency; with an amendment (Rept. 115–857). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 5954. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–858). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1689. A bill to protect private property rights (Rept. 115–859). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1011. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6311) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan (Rept. 115–860). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1012. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6199) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain overthecounter medical products as qualified medical expenses, and providing for proceedings during the period from July 27, 2018, through September 3, 2018 (Rept. 115– 861). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLE: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 6470. A bill making appropriations for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–862). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 5515. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–863). Ordered to be printed. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 6463. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to eliminate certain fuel excise taxes and impose a tax on greenhouse gas emissions to provide revenue for maintaining and building American infrastructure, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Natural Resources, Education and the Workforce, Transportation and Infrastructure, Science, Space, and Technology, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. POEof Texas, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 6464. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to increase transparency and reporting on campus sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6465. A bill to repeal certain provisions of the Communications Act of 1934, title 17 of the United States Code, and the regulations of the Federal Communications Commission that intervened in the television marketplace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6466. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit corrupt foreign influence over the President, the Vice President, and their immediate family members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for herself, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. NORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. RUSH, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 6467. A bill to require the Secretary of Labor to establish a pilot program to provide grants for job guarantee programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. LUCAS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. DUNN, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. MOOLENAAR ): H.R. 6468. A bill to direct that certain assessments with respect to toxicity of chemicals be carried out by the program offices of the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. F ASO, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. SHUSTER , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. N ORMAN, Mr. B UDD, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. STIVERS , Mr. R OSS, Mr. CHABOT , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. BARTON , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. S HIMKUS, Mr. S CALISE , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. ALLEN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. COLE, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. V ELA, Mr. CRIST, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. BARLETTA , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. C LAY, Ms. L EE, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. R USH, and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 6469. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 75th anniversary of the integration of baseball; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 6471. A bill to amend the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 to clarify the use of subminimum wage with respect to certain contracts; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. ROYCE of California, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R USH, and Mr. SHERMAN ): H.R. 6472. A bill to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 6473. A bill to increase transparency with respect to loan repayment options for Federal student loan borrowers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T HOMP SON of Mississippi, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. NORTON , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H.R. 6474. A bill to amend the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform 
Act of 1998 to address deferred maintenance at agricultural research facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. GALLAGHER: H.R. 6475. A bill to require a determination on designation of the Russian Federation as a state sponsor of terrorism; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 6476. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to ensure that the treatment of natural gas vehicles is equal to the treatment of electric vehicles; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6477. A bill to include lead poisoning prevention and mitigation education as a purpose of the education and obesity prevention program carried out under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SARBANES (for himself and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio): H.R. 6478. A bill to enhance competition for prescription drugs by increasing the ability of the Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission to enforce existing antitrust laws regarding biologic and biosimilar products, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. COOK, Mr. H UDSON , Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. CHENEY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. BACON , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. WITTMAN ): H. Res. 1007. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that not fully resourcing the United States Army in a timely manner erodes the Army’s ability to maintain readiness and poses risk to the Army’s ability to conduct military operations; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. SCHIFF ): H. Res. 1008. A resolution affirming the United States’ commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and condemning President Donald Trump’s failure to confront Vladimir Putin for Russia’s election interference and worldwide aggression, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. GALLAGHER , and Mr. B YRNE ): H. Res. 1009. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the lack of timely and predictable funding unnecessarily undermines the mission of the United States Special Operations Command and jeopardizes the security of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. BACON , and Ms. C HENEY ): H. Res. 1010. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Air Force faces significant readiness challenges due to insufficient personnel levels, a shrinking and depleted aircraft fleet, and maintenance deferrals, all of which are affected by budgetary uncertainty and impede the Air Force’s ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national security at risk; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for himself, Mr. YODER , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. QUIGLEY ): H. Res. 1013. A resolution celebrating civic advocacy in the United States and supporting the designation of July 24th as National Advocacy Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. K ILDEE ): H. Res. 1014. A resolution accepting and strongly supporting the assessment of the intelligence community with respect to Russian Federation interference in the 2016 presidential election and calling on the President of the United States to rescind the invitation to President Vladimir Putin, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI ): H. Res. 1015. A resolution commending the Department of Justice for its investigation into the interference by the Russian Federation in the 2016 United States Presidential election, and maintaining that the Russian Federation must be held accountable for its actions; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Intelligence (Permanent Select), the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER (for himself and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H. Res. 1016. A resolution concurring in the judgement of the assessment provided by the United States intelligence community regarding Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
225. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolution No. 44, requesting the United States Congress to make permanent the authority of the Native Hawaiian Health Care Improvement Act, with all the funding resources necessary to effect this policy; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 226. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolution No. 11, engaging, endorsing, accepting, and adopting the United Nations seventeen sustainable development goals as components of a framework for addressing and assessing Hawaii’s efforts toward social justice and sustainability; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 227. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolution No. 7, urging Hawaii’s congressional delegation and the United States Congress to oppose federal ‘‘concealed carry reciprocity’’ legislation; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 228. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolution No. 92, urging the United States Congress to pass legislation to clarify the status of migrants under the Compacts of Free Association for purposes of the REAL ID Act of 2005, Public Law 10913, 119 Stat. 302, to promote fairness and equality under the law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 229. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 175, condemning the federal government’s policy of separating immigrant children from their families and contends that the federal government’s actions are sanctioned child abuse; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 230. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Resolution No. 37, endorsing the participation of Taiwan as an observer in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, International Civil Aviation Organization, World Health Organization, and International Criminal Police Organization; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Ways and Means. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 6463. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6464. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6465. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6466. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18; Article I, Section 9, Clause 8 By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6467. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution stating that The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 6468. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 6469. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ 
By Mr. COLE: H.R. 6470 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 6471. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. BASS: H.R. 6472. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This resolution is enacted pursuant to the power granted in Congress under Article I, Section I. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 6473. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6474. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare Clause) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause), Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 (Property) By Mr. GALLAGHER: H.R. 6475. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, which enumerates the power to ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations.’’ By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.R. 6476. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6477. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States under Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SARBANES: H.R. 6478. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 184: Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 242: Mr. RUSH, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. M ICHAEL  F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 371: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 398: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 502: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 647: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 754: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. BYRNE , Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 930: Mr. JONES , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 936: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 947: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 997: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 1098: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 1102: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1201: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 1272: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1291: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1298: Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 1300: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. BACON , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 1421: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 1439: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1516: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1542: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 1552: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 1635: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1876: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 1904: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1960: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C APUANO, and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2004: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 2315: Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. T AYLOR , and Mr. DUNN. H.R. 2401: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 2409: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 2421: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2617: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2687: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2748: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2790: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 2827: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 2832: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 2853: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2871: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 2946: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 3032: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3132: Mr. POLIS, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3302: Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 3464: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 3513: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 3592: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 3602: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 3635: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 3671: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3751: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3798: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 3919: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 3976: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4077: Miss RICEof New York and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 4099: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. LESKO , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 4222: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4250: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4256: Mr. CLEAVER , Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 4276: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 4314: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 4673: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 4691: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4693: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4733: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4897: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 4957: Ms. LOFGREN and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 5003: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 5011: Ms. PINGREE and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 5038: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 5107: Mr. STIVERS and Mrs. L ESKO . H.R. 5129: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. S HEAPORTER, Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 5132: Mr. GOHMERT . H.R. 5145: Mr. POCAN and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 5147: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 5155: Mr. CA´RDENAS and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5281: Mr. BUCKand Mr. C OLE. H.R. 5292: Ms. MENG. H.R. 5306: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 5389: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 5425: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5467: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 5545: Mr. PAYNE , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. NADLER , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 5553: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5561: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5574: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 5588: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 5609: Ms. KAPTUR and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5670: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 5671: Mrs. TORRES , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. M OORE , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. WALORSKI , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 5754: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 5860: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 5879: Mr. ROSS, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. COOK, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. GABBARD , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. JONES , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. M ATSUI, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. MOORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C RAWFORD , Miss RICEof New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 5882: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 6011: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 6014: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 6016: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 6071: Mr. CROWLEY and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 6079: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 6080: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6108: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6131: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 6145: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 6159: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 6179: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 6184: Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. KIND, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 6219: Mr. GOODLATTE . H.R. 6231: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 6236: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 6249: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 6270: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6275: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 6292: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 6295: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 6308: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 6325: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 6326: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6358: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 6377: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 6378: Mr. ROUZER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. PETERS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 6395: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 6409: Mr. RENACCI , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 6417: Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. B ACON , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. BYRNE , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 6422: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 6423: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 6426: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 6437: Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mrs. L OWEY . H.R. 6439: Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. G ALLA GHER . H.R. 6443: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 6449: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. MACARTHUR , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6450: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. JORDAN , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 6455: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. D ONOVAN, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6460: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. LAMBORN . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. CAPUANO , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. TENNEY and Mr. LOEBSACK . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. ISSA, and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H. Res. 283: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H. Res. 319: Mr. LAMBORN . H. Res. 763: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H. Res. 864: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M CGOVERN. H. Res. 975: Mr. PANETTA . H. Res. 977: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H. Res. 993: Mr. VELA, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. SINEMA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. C RIST. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BY MR. KEVIN BRADY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 184 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BY MR. KEVIN BRADY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 5963 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2069: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. LOWENTHAL . f 
118. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution, pursuant to Article V, that would require a candidate for, or an incumbent of, the United States House of Representatives, from a State having multiple members of the House, to actually reside within the particular congressional district for which he or she is a candidate or an incumbent; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
N O T I C E For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of July 23, 2018, published in Book II. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5115 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 23, 2018 No. 123 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 