Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and recognize the leaders of the Doylestown Township community in my district for their hard work, generosity, and support for the community as Doylestown Township celebrates its bicentennial, 200 years of history and community that I am proud to be a part of. I would like to recognize the Doylestown Township Board of Supervisors: Barbara Lyons, Rick Colello, Ryan Manion, Jennifer Herring, and Ken Snyder; and the Volunteer Bicentennial Committee: Arthur Zapolski, Joe Paternostro, Ted Feldstein, Stu Abramson, David Hansen. Dr. Vail Garvin, Tina Mazaheri, Mary Lou Parry, Renu Dalal, Beth Long, Chris Nardo, and John Arnold. I would also like to recognize the community sponsors whose generosity made the celebration possible: my friend Senator Chuck McIlhinney and State Representative Marguerite Quinn, Pine Run Retirement Community Center, Covenant Bank, Delaware Valley University, Boucher & James, Bucks County Water & Sewer Authority, Gilmore & Associates, Pennoni, Pennsylvania Soup & Seafood House, Pickering, Corts & Summerson, FRANC Environmental, Doylestown Hospital, Worth & Company, Shelley Law Offices, Greenstreet, CB Cares Educational Foundation, Mazaheri Law, Monument Bank, and Doylestown Health for sponsoring the opening gala I was privileged to attend. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in saying thank you for their commitment to our community. RECOGNIZING SOUDERTON AREA HIGH SCHOOL  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a school in my district. On November 30, 2017, Souderton Area High School was recognized as a National Banner Unified Champion School by the Special Olympics International headquarters. Through the diligence and compassion of Athletic Director Dennis Stanton and Supervisor of Special Education Megan Zweiback, the introduction of unified sports into the school has greatly enhanced the curriculum of specialneeds students and allowed them to compete with other students in interscholastic competition. One of only four schools in the Nation and the first in Pennsylvania to have been honored in this respect, I am proud of the work done at Souderton Area High School to support and enhance the education and recreational development of all students. f 
FUNDING THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I am a Member of Congress, but I am also a mom. And as a mom, I am puzzled and, frankly, dismayed because Congress has not found a bipartisan way to provide longterm funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. More than 9 million children and pregnant mothers, including thousands in Oregon, receive basic health care through CHIP. In the past, this popular program has always had broad bipartisan support. We must do better than the stopgap BandAid that is forcing States to rely on shortterm funding and, importantly, leaving vulnerable families with uncertainty and with distress. Recently, I met a wonderful family in Oregon that relies on CHIP for the health of their two kids. Their story pulled at my heart. This is David. David is 5, and his brother, Jacob, is 20 months old, and both children have neurological conditions. Both require longterm medical care. David battles a lifethreatening form of epilepsy that requires expensive medications as well as regular physical and occupational therapy. Their mom, Renee, fears the worst. I spoke with her and their pediatrician, and she told me that, without long term funding to support Medicaid and CHIP, she said: ‘‘David could die. It’s that simple.’’ Mr. Speaker, this is about real people, and their lives are on the line. Funding CHIP is a good investment. In 
fact, the Congressional Budget Office recently predicted that a 10year reauthorization of CHIP would actually save the Federal Government $6 billion. It turns out preventing illness not only saves lives, it saves money. There is no excuse for leaving CHIP unfunded. Working families like David and Jacob’s family need to know that they will have health care when their kids need it. David and Jacob are children whose lives are at stake, but there are millions more like them in Oregon and across the country. Mr. Speaker, David and Jacob deserve better. All of our Nation’s children deserve better. It is that simple, and we must not let them down. 
SUPPORTING THE BORNALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, on Friday thousands of people from all across America will come to Washington to march in support of the dignity and equal protection of every God given human life in this great land. It is in that spirit that I rise to join my colleagues in supporting H.R. 4712, the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. This bill ensures that, if a baby survives a failed abortion, that baby must be given the same medical care as a baby born under any circumstances. In a moral society, the strong have a responsibility to protect the weak. It is a stain on the moral fabric of our Nation that some lives are deemed less worthy than others with respect to protection. America is a city on a hill whose light shines bright for all the world to see. That light is dimmed, however, as long as the dark practice of leaving a baby to die continues. It is my hope that even those who believe in abortion can recognize that a baby who survives a botched abortion should be afforded the same protections that you and I are. This week, we celebrate not only the March for Life, we also celebrate the life of Martin Luther King, Jr. In his day, Martin Luther King, Jr., worked tirelessly, in the face of enormous adversity and personal risk to himself and his family, to help all of us as Americans live up to the highest of our American ideals: the selfevident truth that all men are created equal. Through his work, King helped our Nation better realize its charter for forming a more perfect Union. Mr. Speaker, the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act builds on King’s legacy by ensuring that the unalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are protected for everyone, especially for those whose voices have been silenced. Passing this legislation would restore some of our Nation’s light that has been lost and make our Nation a more perfect Union than it was yesterday. That, after all, is our job. In the words of the great American hero, Martin Luther King, Jr.: ‘‘It is always the right time to do the right thing.’’ Let’s do the right thing, and let’s protect these helpless little babies. RECOGNIZING SOPHIA CAMPA PETERS  
Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I have the privilege of representing one of the most courageous little girls in all the world, Sophia CampaPeters. She may be a little girl, little in stature, but there is nothing small about Sophia’s heart and her courage. She has suffered, for the last 3 years, with a rare disease that has caused her to have multiple strokes, and she is now facing the biggest challenge in her journey, major brain surgery. God says: ‘‘Come to Me as little children.’’ Sophia represents the faith of a child like nobody I have encountered since I have been in this office, and she requested that I help her rally the world to pray on January 24 that, while she is having that surgery at Boston Children’s Hospital, we would encourage people and implore people to pray for her. I was delighted and honored to join her and many others in asking folks to take a knee and appeal to the Great Physician to protect her, to heal her, and to make provision for her to have a strong, healthy, and happy life for many, many years to come. What a testament to her faith in God and the power of prayer. What a testament of someone who, in the face of trial and tribulation, would choose hope, would choose to believe, would choose to dream that her best days are ahead of her. Thanks, Sophie. Thank you for your faith. Thank you for your testimony. Thank you for your courage. And most of all, thank you for teaching us that every day is an opportunity, every day is a gift from God. Sophia, we are rallying the world for you. We will pray for you, and we will appeal to Almighty God on your behalf. God bless her. God bless her family. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 11 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COMER ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We ask Your special blessing upon the Members of this people’s House. They face difficult decisions in difficult times, with many forces and interests demanding their attention. In these days, give them wisdom that they might execute their responsibilities to the benefit of all Americans. Give, as well, on this day, acknowledging religious freedom in our land, confidence to all people who are concerned about the issues most pressing in our Nation at this time. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SMITH of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the people of my hometown of Sugar Land, Texas, are amazing. Last Thursday, something terrible happened on a road I drive on every day at home. On Interstate 69, an 18 wheeler jackknifed during heavy rain. It flew off an overpass, crashing down on a small Toyota Camry. Look. That Camry is about 3 feet tall. The first miracle is that the driver, Karan Singh, is still alive. The second miracle that day is named Lori Lowery. Lori is training to be a nurse, most likely across the street at the University of Houston Sugar Land. The crash happened right in front of her. She jumped out of her car, crawled through metal and broken glass, and got Karan out. Lori Lowery shows the best in Texas and my hometown of Sugar Land, and I am proud to call her my boss in Congress. 
PUERTO RICO DESERVES BETTER (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, 4 months after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, 40 percent of our people still lack electricity, with a system barely patched up. Of almost 80,000 homes approved to receive the temporary ‘‘blue roof,’’ only half of them have been installed. Those are only two examples. The hurricane season will be back in 5 months, and then we will be required to start all over again. The situation demands extreme urgency from all Federal agencies. What is taking so long? Where is the sense of urgency? This would never be tolerated in any State. The provisions of the Stafford Act limit us to only patching things up. The supplemental disaster appropriations bill addressed this, but it is stalled in the Senate. We expect better. We deserve better. We will work to lift ourselves up, but we need the tools to do so. We expect the Federal agencies to act urgently. f 
BENEFITS OF THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT (Mrs. HANDEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, last month, the House passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Already these pro growth policies are having a positive impact. Businesses are making investments in operations and people. Thane Brooks operates a resource center for children with special needs in Alpharetta, Georgia. Because businesses can now immediately expense new equipment purchases, Thane is able to open a second facility to serve even more special needs children. Georgiabased Aflac announced that it will increase contributions to employee retirement plans. AT&T, with nearly 3,000 employees in the Sixth District, gave a $1,000 bonus to nonmanagement employees as a direct result of the tax cut bill. Overall, more than 2 million workers across the country are feeling the benefits of this law through increased wages, bonuses, and more retirement dollars. And with paychecks for nearly every American set to increase in the coming weeks, there is even more good news on the horizon for American families. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 12, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Dear MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on January 12, 2018, at 11:15 a.m.: That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 984. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 4641. Appointment: 
The United States Semiquincentennial Commission. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:15 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1617 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa) at 4 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4258) to promote the development of local strategies to coordinate use of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 with public and private resources, to enable eligible families to achieve economic independence and selfsufficiency, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4258 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Family Self Sufficiency Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘public housing and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the certificate and voucher programs under section 8’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8 and 9’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) CONTINUATION OF PRIOR REQUIRED PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each public housing agency that was required to administer a local Family SelfSufficiency program on the date of enactment of the Family Self Sufficiency Act, shall operate such local program for, at a minimum, the number of families the agency was required to serve on the date of enactment of such Act, subject only to the availability under appropriations Acts of sufficient amounts for housing assistance and the requirements of paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) REDUCTION .—The number of families for which a public housing agency is required to operate such local program under paragraph (1) shall be decreased by one for each family from any supported rental housing program administered by such agency that, after October 21, 1998, fulfills its obligations under the contract of participation. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary shall not require a public housing agency to carry out a mandatory program for a period of time upon the request of the public housing agency and upon a determination by the Secretary that implementation is not feasible because of local circumstances, which may include— ‘‘(A) lack of supportive services accessible to eligible families, which shall include insufficient availability of resources for programs under title I of the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.); ‘‘(B) lack of funding for reasonable administrative costs; ‘‘(C) lack of cooperation by other units of State or local government; or ‘‘(D) any other circumstances that the Secretary may consider appropriate.’’; (3) by striking subsection (i); (4) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), and (i) respectively; (5) by inserting after subsection (b), as amended, the following: ‘‘(c) ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) ELIGIBLE FAMILIES .—A family is eligible to participate in a local Family SelfSufficiency program under this section if— ‘‘(A) at least 1 household member seeks to become and remain employed in suitable employment or to increase earnings; and ‘‘(B) the household member receives direct assistance under section 8 or resides in a unit assisted under section 8 or 9. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The following entities are eligible to administer a local Family SelfSufficiency program under this section: ‘‘(A) A public housing agency administering housing assistance to or on behalf of an eligible family under section 8 or 9. ‘‘(B) The owner or sponsor of a multifamily property receiving projectbased rental assistance under section 8, in accordance with the requirements under subsection (l).’’; (6) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ the first time it appears and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘each leaseholder receiving assistance under the certificate and voucher programs of the public housing agency under section 8 or residing in public housing administered by the agency’’ and inserting ‘‘a household member of an eligible family’’; and (iii) by striking the third sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Housing assistance may not be terminated as a consequence of either successful completion of the contract of participation or failure to complete such contract. A contract of participation shall remain in effect until the participating family exits the Family SelfSufficiency program upon successful graduation or expiration of the contract of participation, or for other good cause.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) in the first sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘A local program under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘An eligible entity’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinate’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘to’’ and inserting ‘‘for’’; and (II) in the second sentence— (aa) by striking ‘‘provided during’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated for’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘under section 8 or residing in public housing’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to section 8 or 9 and for the duration of the contract of participation’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘, but are not limited to’’ after ‘‘may include’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or attainment of a high school equivalency certificate’’ after ‘‘high school’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (G); (iv) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (J) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (K) respectively; (v) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) education in pursuit of a postsecondary degree or certification;’’; (vi) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ‘‘financial literacy, such as training in financial management, financial coaching, and asset building, and’’ after ‘‘training in’’; (vii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (viii) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) homeownership education and assistance; and’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘the first recertification of income after’’ after ‘‘not later than 5 years after’’; and (ii) in the second sentence— (I) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘of the agency’’; (D) by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) EMPLOYMENT .—The contract of participation shall require 1 household member of the participating family to seek and maintain suitable employment.’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) NONPARTICIPATION .—Assistance under section 8 or 9 for a family that elects not to participate in a Family SelfSufficiency program shall not be delayed by reason of such election.’’; (7) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘whose monthly adjusted income does not exceed 50 percent’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of the third sentence and inserting ‘‘shall be calculated under the rental provisions of section 3 or section 8(o), as applicable.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘For each participating family, an amount equal to any increase in the amount of rent paid by the family in accordance with the provisions of section 3 or 8(o), as applicable, that is attributable to increases in earned income by the participating family, shall be placed in an interestbearing escrow account established by the eligible entity on behalf of the participating family. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an eligible entity may use funds it controls under section 8 or 9 for purposes of making the escrow deposit for participating families assisted under, or residing in units assisted under, section 8 or 9, respectively, provided such funds are offset by the increase in the amount of rent paid by the participating family.’’; (ii) by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘All Family SelfSufficiency programs administered under this section shall include an escrow account.’’; (iii) in the fourth sentence, by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (iv) in the last sentence— 
(I) by striking ‘‘A public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘An eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible entity’’; and (C) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) FORFEITED ESCROW .—Any amount placed in an escrow account established by an eligible entity for a participating family as required under paragraph (2), that exists after the end of a contract of participation by a household member of a participating family that does not qualify to receive the escrow, shall be used by the eligible entity for the benefit of participating families in good standing.’’; (8) in subsection (f), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, unless the income of the family equals or exceeds 80 percent of the median income of the area (as determined by the Secretary with adjustments for smaller and larger families)’’; (9) in subsection (g), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible entity’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘subsection (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’ each place that term appears; (ii) by striking ‘‘or the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security Act’’; (iii) by inserting ‘‘primary, secondary, and postsecondary’’ after ‘‘public and private’’; and (iv) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘and tenants served by the program’’ after ‘‘the unit of general local government’’; (10) in subsection (h), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘participating in the’’ and inserting ‘‘carrying out a’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘to the Secretary’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘residents of the public housing’’ and inserting ‘‘the current and prospective participants of the program’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘or the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security Act’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’; (II) by striking ‘‘provided to’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated on behalf of participating’’; (III) by inserting ‘‘direct’’ before ‘‘assistance’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘the section 8 and public housing programs’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8 and 9’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘deliver’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinate’’; (iv) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘the Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program under part F of title IV of the Social Security Act and’’; and (v) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘public housing or section 8 assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘assistance under section 8 or 9’’; (11) by amending subsection (i), as so redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(i) FAMILY SELFSUFFICIENCY AWARDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to appropriations, the Secretary shall establish a formula by which annual funds will be awarded or as otherwise determined by the Secretary for the costs incurred by an eligible entity in administering the selfsufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBILITY FOR AWARDS .—The award established under paragraph (1) shall provide funding for family selfsufficiency coordinators as follows: ‘‘(A) BASE AWARD .—An eligible entity serving 25 or more participants in the Family SelfSufficiency program under this section is eligible to receive an award equal to the costs, as determined by the Secretary, of 1 fulltime family selfsufficiency coordinator position. The Secretary may, by regulation or notice, determine the policy concerning the award for an eligible entity serving fewer than 25 such participants, including providing prorated awards or allowing such entities to combine their programs under this section for purposes of employing a coordinator. ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL AWARD .—An eligible entity that meets performance standards set by the Secretary is eligible to receive an additional award sufficient to cover the costs of filling an additional family selfsufficiency coordinator position if such entity has 75 or more participating families, and an additional coordinator for each additional 50 participating families, or such other ratio as may be established by the Secretary based on the award allocation evaluation under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(C) STATE AND REGIONAL AGENCIES .—For purposes of calculating the award under this paragraph, each administratively distinct part of a State or regional eligible entity may be treated as a separate agency. ‘‘(D) DETERMINATION OF NUMBER OF COORDI NATORS .—In determining whether an eligible entity meets a specific threshold for funding pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider the number of participants enrolled by the eligible entity in its Family SelfSufficiency program as well as other criteria determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(E) AWARD ALLOCATION EVALUATION .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report evaluating the award allocation under this subsection, and make recommendations based on this evaluation and other related findings to modify such allocation, within 4 years after the date of enactment of the Family SelfSufficiency Act, and not less frequently than every 4 years thereafter. The report requirement under this subparagraph shall terminate after the Secretary has submitted two such reports to Congress. ‘‘(3) RENEWALS AND ALLOCATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Funds allocated by the Secretary under this subsection shall be allocated in the following order of priority: ‘‘(i) FIRST PRIORITY .—Renewal of the full cost of all coordinators in the previous year at each eligible entity with an existing Family SelfSufficiency program that meets applicable performance standards set by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) SECOND PRIORITY .—New or incremental coordinator funding authorized under this section. ‘‘(B) GUIDANCE .—If the first priority, as described in subparagraph (A)(i), cannot be fully satisfied, the Secretary may prorate the funding for each eligible entity, as long as— ‘‘(i) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 parttime coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 parttime coordinator as part of any such proration; and ‘‘(ii) each eligible entity that has received funding for at least 1 fulltime coordinator in the prior fiscal year is provided sufficient funding for at least 1 fulltime coordinator as part of any such proration. ‘‘(4) RECAPTURE OR OFFSET .—Any awards allocated under this subsection by the Secretary in a fiscal year that have not been spent by the end of the subsequent fiscal year or such other time period as determined by the Secretary may be recaptured by the Secretary and shall be available for providing additional awards pursuant to paragraph (2)(B), or may be offset as determined by the Secretary. Funds appropriated pursuant to this section shall remain available for 3 years in order to facilitate the reuse of any recaptured funds for this purpose. ‘‘(5) PERFORMANCE REPORTING .—Programs under this section shall be required to report the number of families enrolled and graduated, the number of established escrow accounts and positive escrow balances, and any other information that the Secretary may require. Program performance shall be reviewed periodically as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) INCENTIVES FOR INNOVATION AND HIGH  
PERFORMANCE .—The Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent of the amounts made available under this subsection to provide support to or reward Family SelfSufficiency programs based on the rate of successful completion, increased earned income, or other factors as may be established by the Secretary.’’; (12) in subsection (j)— (A) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ the first place such term appears and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (B) by striking ‘‘public housing’’ before ‘‘units’’; (C) by striking ‘‘in public housing projects administered by the agency’’; (D) by inserting ‘‘or coordination’’ after ‘‘provision’’; and (E) by striking the last sentence; (13) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘public housing agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entities’’; (14) by striking subsection (n); (15) by striking subsection (o); (16) by redesignating subsections (l) and (m) as subsections (m) and (n), respectively; (17) by inserting after subsection (k) the following: ‘‘(l) PROGRAMS FOR TENANTS IN PRIVATELY  OWNED PROPERTIES WITHPROJECT BASED ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) VOLUNTARY AVAILABILITY OF FSS PRO GRAM .—The owner of a privately owned property may voluntarily make a Family Self Sufficiency program available to the tenants of such property in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary. Such procedures shall permit the owner to enter into a cooperative agreement with a local public housing agency that administers a Family SelfSufficiency program or, at the owner’s option, operate a Family SelfSufficiency program on its own or in partnership with another owner. An owner, who voluntarily makes a Family SelfSufficiency program available pursuant to this subsection, may access funding from any residual receipt accounts for the property to hire a family selfsufficiency coordinator or coordinators for their program. ‘‘(2) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—Any cooperative agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall require the public housing agency to open its Family SelfSufficiency program waiting list to any eligible family residing in the owner’s property who resides in a unit assisted under projectbased rental assistance. ‘‘(3) TREATMENT OF FAMILIES ASSISTED  
agency that enters into a cooperative agreement pursuant to paragraph (1) may count any family participating in its Family Self Sufficiency program as a result of such agreement as part of the calculation of the award under subsection (i). ‘‘(4) ESCROW .— ‘‘(A) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—A cooperative agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide for the calculation and tracking of the escrow for participating residents and for the owner to make available, upon request of the public housing agency, escrow for participating residents, in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e), residing in units assisted under section 8. ‘‘(B) CALCULATION AND TRACKING BY  
OWNER .—The owner of a privately owned property who voluntarily makes a Family SelfSufficiency program available pursuant to paragraph (1) shall calculate and track the escrow for participating residents and make escrow for participating residents available in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e). ‘‘(5) EXCEPTION .—This subsection shall not apply to properties assisted under section 8(o)(13). ‘‘(6) SUSPENSION OF ENROLLMENT .—In any year, the Secretary may suspend the enrollment of new families in Family SelfSufficiency programs under this subsection based on a determination that insufficient funding is available for this purpose.’’; (18) in subsection (m), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Each public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Each eligible entity’’; (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The report shall include’’ and inserting ‘‘The contents of the report shall include’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘public housing agency’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘local’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and describing any additional research needs of the Secretary to evaluate the effectiveness of the program’’ after ‘‘under paragraph (1)’’; (19) in subsection (n), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (20) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that meets the requirements under subsection (c)(2) to administer a Family SelfSufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE FAMILY .—The term ‘eligible family’ means a family that meets the requirements under subsection (c)(1) to participate in the Family SelfSufficiency program under this section. ‘‘(3) PARTICIPATING FAMILY .—The term ‘participating family’ means an eligible family that is participating in the Family Self Sufficiency program under this section.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue notice or regulations to implement this Act and any amendments made by this Act, and this Act and any amendments made by this Act shall take effect upon such issuance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4258, the Family SelfSufficiency Act. This legislation will streamline a program designed to help those unable to purchase a home while reducing their dependency on welfare assistance and rental assistance provided by the government. I want to thank my colleague and friend from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ) for all of his bipartisan and helpful work on this legislation. It passed out of our committee 58–0, which is somewhat historic for the Financial Services Committee. Now, the Family SelfSufficiency Act, or FSS program, is focused on helping families in public housing and the housing choice voucher program. The goal is to utilize a number of services coordinated through the program to help families with individual training to increase their employability and become less dependent on assistance. These services can include basic education, childcare, transportation, education, financial literacy, mental health referrals, and homeownership counseling. While receiving services, an interestbearing escrow account is established for the family that can be used for any purpose once the family has graduated from the program. Currently, HUD operates one program for families served by the housing choice voucher program and a separate program for those families served by the public housing program. This legislation will combine those two separate FSS programs into one to streamline and reduce regulatory burdens. The bill also broadens the scope of supportive services that may be offered to these families to include attainment of a GED, education in pursuit of a postsecondary degree or certification, and—I think this is important—training in financial literacy. Lastly, H.R. 4258 opens the FSS program to families that live in privately owned properties that are subsidized by projectbased rental assistance. Mr. Speaker, 4,793 families have successfully completed the program, with 1,557 graduates exiting rental assistance, within a year and another 606 graduates that eventually went on and were able to purchase a home. So more than 10 percent of the people who graduate from the program go on to buy a home. I want to leave you with just a quick anecdote on written testimony that came to our committee from the Compass Working Capital Group. It is a story about Tanya. She graduated from the FSS program in Lynn, Massachusetts. Now, when Tanya enrolled in the FSS program, she had been receiving housing assistance for about 4 years. She was working fulltime and raising two children, but she had bigger dreams. One of those dreams was to one day own a house. At the time, Tanya believed that owning a home was, in her words, ‘‘not for families like mine,’’ a lowincome single mother who came from a family where no one has ever owned a home. So when Tanya graduated from the program, she got the assistance, got the counseling, and in the end, she was able to increase her annual income by $8,000, improve her credit score 140 points, pay down her debt, and save $3,000. She graduated from the program in 2015 and achieved her dream of becoming a homeowner, the first person in her family to do so. She said: But what makes me happiest of all is seeing my children love their new home. Thanks to the Compass FSS program, now I, too, believe that families like mine can get ahead, live better, and accomplish our big dreams and goals such as buying a home. This is a remarkable story of a program that actually works, that helps people get from public assistance into selfsufficiency and hopefully into homeownership. I think it is this kind of artful review of policy that our committee has done on a bipartisan level that brings us to reforms that can look at the successes of a program and build upon those successes and make them work for more families. Again, I want to thank my colleagues and friends across the aisle for working on this legislation and, again, bringing it out with such a bipartisan vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4258, the Family SelfSufficiency Act of 2017, makes several commonsense improvements to HUD’s Family SelfSufficiency program, or FSS, which is the only asset building program at HUD to help increase economic opportunities for its lowincome households. Anecdotally, Mr. Speaker, when I was a commissioner of a housing authority many years ago, I saw this program in action. It deals with one of the challenges of what happens to a family as their incomes go up and they find it increasingly hard to invest and save because their rents typically go up. Mr. Speaker, this bill expands the scope of supportive services provided to residents to include GED training, education, and pursuit of a postsecondary degree or certification and training in financial literacy. The bill also expands the program to include families who live in privately owned properties and ensures that low 
income families can continue to participate in this program as their incomes increase. This is a particularly important improvement since under current law, once a family reaches 50 percent of area median income, they no longer are able to accrue additional savings in their escrow accounts. This bill fixes that issue. This bill is an important step in the right direction, and I hope we can continue to find ways to expand this very successful program beyond the current 72,000 households it can serve. I am glad to see that my friend from Wisconsin and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle recognize the success of this voluntary program, and I hope we can work together to find ways to improve it and to give energy to other programs which allow people to lift themselves out of lower income circumstances. Mr. Speaker, this bill was passed out of committee 58–0. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ). Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, let me, first of all, state the obvious. I am rising to support H.R. 4258, the Family SelfSufficiency Act. I would like to thank Chairman DUFFY for the spirit of bipartisanship that he has demonstrated on this and on other legislation as well; and Mr. HIMES, the gentleman from Connecticut, who is managing this piece of legislation. It is also appropriate to thank the chair and the ranking member of the committee for giving their support to this piece of legislation. H.R. 4258 would make important updates to the Department of Housing and Urban Development Family Self Sufficiency program, the FSS program, which is a voluntary program that encourages residents who use housing vouchers or who live in public housing to connect with program coordinators to create selfsufficiency plans, obtain educational resources, and pursue work opportunities. This program also creates an interestbearing escrow account for participants that can be accessed upon graduation from the program. Money from this account can be used for jobrelated expenses or as savings for a home. I deviate from my written comments to say that there are a number of great stories like Tanya’s that Mr. DUFFY  shared. As a 5year resident of public housing when I was growing up, during that time my father was working on three jobs trying to save money for a house and to buy what became his first car. Our first car was an Oldsmobile Rocket 88—Rocket 88 I want emphasize—and it was the pride of our family and our community, frankly, when that happened. But it would have been infinitely easier if there had been some kind of escrow account that my father could have moved money into to save so that when he found that lot and the house that he lives in today, that would have been money right there available for him to pay down on it or pay it off. It seems like a lot of money then, but the lot was $5,000, and the money that he could have saved over that period of time could have been so significant. We managed to do it anyway. This program would help countless numbers of people who want to take advantage of the help that the Federal Government can give them with housing but at the same time work and strive toward independence. That is what I think the great value of this program is. I don’t want to repeat what has already been said, so I want to just give you a list of the organizations supporting this legislation: the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Preservation of Affordable Housing, the National Leased Housing Association, the National Low Income Housing Coalition, Compass Working Capital, National Association of Housing Redevelopment Officials, Housing Partnership Network, the National Housing Trust, and Stewards of Affordable Housing for the Future. A similar version of this bill was introduced by Senator REEDand Senator BLUNT from my home State of Missouri over in the Senate, and I am encouraged by this bipartisanship and the bicameral process. I am also hopeful that we can continue to work, as Mr. HIMES said, on further improvements of housing resources all across the country, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to briefly say in closing that we oftentimes find people who get stuck in a cycle of poverty. I think the goal of the program should be to help people get out of poverty and get to selfsufficiency. b1630 If you look at this program, it takes an initiative by the person in FSS to say: I am going to raise my hand; I want to take advantage of these opportunities. It is about helping them get an education. I have 8 kids, and I have a wife. For a single mom with a couple of kids who is trying to go to school or do job training or get a job, without some help on child care, that can’t work. You can’t make that happen. That is offered in this program. Again, it offers additional education, financial literacy training, and counseling on home ownership. If you have some mental health issues, you can get training in that. It is what is right about government, in the sense we don’t want people to get stuck. We don’t want people to get caught in a cycle of poverty, we want to help lift them up, and it is this kind of a program with these kinds of reforms that I think we have worked together on that accomplishes that goal: help people live the American Dream, which is get a job that allows them to eventually save enough money and buy a house. On the escrow part of this, when you get out of the program, you might have a small, little nest egg that you can use as a deposit for that home. So I think this is a great program that does the right thing. If you are a Liberal or a Conservative, no matter what side of the political spectrum you sit on, this program is making the government work for people. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4258, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
AMERICAN INNOVATION $1 COIN ACT Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 770) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, to promote the importance of innovation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 770 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Innovation $1 Coin Act’’. 
Section 5112 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (v) the following new subsection: ‘‘(w) REDESIGN AND ISSUANCE OF $1 C OINS HONORING INNOVATION AND INNOVATORS FROM EACHSTATE , THEDISTRICT OF COLUMBIA , AND EACHTERRITORY .— ‘‘(1) REDESIGN BEGINNING IN 2019 .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subsection (d)(1) and subsection (d)(2) and in accordance with the provisions of this subsection, during the 14year period beginning on January 1, 2019 (or such later date as provided under subparagraph (B)(ii)), the Secretary of the Treasury shall mint and issue $1 coins to be known as ‘American Innovation $1 coins’, that— 
‘‘(i) have designs on the obverse selected in accordance with paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(ii) have a design on the reverse selected in accordance with paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(B) CONTINUITY PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall continue to mint and issue $1 coins honoring Native Americans and their contributions in accordance with subsection (r). ‘‘(ii) FIRST COIN .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), if the Secretary finds that it is feasible and costeffective, the Secretary may mint and issue a $1 coin in 2018 to introduce the series of coins described in this subsection, that— ‘‘(I) has the obverse described under paragraph (2)(A); ‘‘(II) has a reverse that bears the inscription ‘United States of America’ and ‘American Innovators’ and a representation of the signature of President George Washington on the first United States patent issued; ‘‘(III) has the edgeincusing described under paragraph (2)(C); and ‘‘(IV) the design for which has reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee ‘‘(C) DEFINITION OF TERRITORY .—For pur poses of this subsection, the term ‘territory’ means the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(2) DESIGN REQUIREMENTS .—Notwith standing subsection (d)(1) and subsection (d)(2), the $1 coins issued in accordance with paragraph (1)(A) shall meet the following design requirements: ‘‘(A) COIN OBVERSE .—The common design on the obverse of each coin issued under this subsection shall contain— ‘‘(i) a likeness of the Statue of Liberty extending to the rim of the coin and large enough to provide a dramatic representation of Liberty; ‘‘(ii) the inscription ‘$1’; and ‘‘(iii) the inscription ‘In God We Trust’. ‘‘(B) COIN REVERSE .—The design on the reverse of each coin issued under this subsection shall bear the following: ‘‘(i) An image or images emblematic of one of the following from one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, or the territories of the United States: ‘‘(I) A significant innovation. ‘‘(II) An innovator. ‘‘(III) A group of innovators. ‘‘(ii) The name of the State, the District of Columbia, or territory, as applicable. ‘‘(iii) The inscription ‘United States of America’. ‘‘(C) EDGEINCUSED INSCRIPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The inscription of the year of minting or issuance of the coin, the mint mark, and the inscription ‘E Pluribus Unum’ shall be edgeincused into the coin. ‘‘(ii) PRESERVATION OF DISTINCTIVE EDGE .— The edgeincusing of the inscriptions under clause (i) on coins issued under this subsection shall be done in a manner that preserves the distinctive edge of the coin so that the denomination of the coin is readily discernible, including by individuals who are blind or visually impaired. ‘‘(3) ISSUANCE OF COINS COMMEMORATING IN NOVATION OR INNOVATORS .— ‘‘(A) ORDER OF ISSUANCE .—The coins issued under this subsection commemorating either an innovation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each State, the District of Columbia, or a territory shall be issued in alphabetic order of the State, the District, or territory represented, starting with Alabama, and with the District of Columbia following Delaware. ‘‘(B) ISSUANCE OF COINS COMMEMORATING  
EACH OF 14 YEARS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Four $1 coin designs as described in this subsection shall be issued during each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1) until one coin featuring one innovation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each of the States, the District of Columbia, and territories has been issued. ‘‘(ii) NUMBER OF COINS OF EACH DESIGN .— The Secretary shall prescribe, on the basis of such factors as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, the number of $1 coins that shall be issued with each of the designs selected for each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(iii) APPLICATION IN EVENT OF THE ADMIS SION OF ADDITIONAL STATES OR TERRITORIES .— Notwithstanding clause (i), if any additional State or territory is admitted into the Union before the end of the 14year period referred to in paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Treasury may issue $1 coins with respect to such additional State or territory, in accordance with this subsection during any one year of such 14year period, in addition to the four $1 coins issued during such year in accordance with clause (i). ‘‘(iv) APPLICATION IN THE EVENT OF INDE PENDENCE .—Notwithstanding paragraph (3)(B)(i), if any territory becomes independent or otherwise ceases to be a territory of the United States before $1 coins are minted pursuant to this subsection, the subsection shall cease to apply with respect to such territory. ‘‘(4) SELECTION OF CONCEPT AND DESIGN .— ‘‘(A) CONCEPT .—With respect to each State, the District of Columbia, and each territory to be honored with a coin under this subsection, the selection of the significant innovation, innovator, or group of innovators to be borne on the reverse of such coin shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, after consultation with the Governor or other chief executive of the State, the District of Columbia, or territory with respect to which a coin is to be issued under this subsection. ‘‘(B) DESIGN .—Each of the designs required under this subsection shall be selected by the Secretary after— ‘‘(i) consultation with— ‘‘(I) the Governor or other chief executive of the State, the District of Columbia, or territory with respect to which a coin is to be issued under this subsection; and ‘‘(II) the Commission of Fine Arts; and ‘‘(ii) review by the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee. ‘‘(C) SELECTION AND APPROVAL PROCESS .— Proposals for designs for $1 coins under this subsection may be submitted in accordance with the design selection and approval process developed by the Secretary in the sole discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(D) STANDARDS .—Because it is important that the Nation’s coinage and currency bear dignified designs of which the citizens of the United States can be proud, the Secretary shall not select any frivolous or inappropriate design for any $1 coin minted under this subsection. ‘‘(E) PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN REPRESENTA TIONS .—No head and shoulders portrait or bust of any person and no portrait of a living person may be included in the design of any coin issued under this subsection. ‘‘(5) TREATMENT AS NUMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136, all $1 coins minted under this subsection shall be considered to be numismatic items. ‘‘(6) ISSUANCE OF NUMISMATIC COINS .—The Secretary may mint and issue such number of $1 coins of each design selected under this subsection in uncirculated and proof qualities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(7) TERMINATION OF PROGRAM .—The issuance of coins under this subsection shall terminate when one innovation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each State, the District of Columbia, and each territory has been honored and may not be resumed except by an Act of Congress.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 770, the American Innovation $1 Coin Act, introduced by my friend from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES). The legislation seeks to honor that which is best about America: her innovative spirit. If enacted, the legislation would authorize a program under which the Treasury Department’s United States Mint would produce a series of $1 coins celebrating the innovative capacity of the United States. By the way, it is that innovative capacity that makes us so great and competitive and allows our salaries and incomes to rise. Under the program, the front of the coins would have the standardized image symbolic of liberty, and the design on the reverse would be an image or images emblematic of one of a significant innovation, an innovator or pioneer, or a group of innovators or pioneers. Four different reverse images would be issued annually, representing innovations or innovators from each State, territory, or the District of Columbia. The order of issue would be strictly alphabetical. That means the first issue would go to the great State of Alabama. The number of coins of each design would be determined by the Treasury Secretary. While the coins technically would be circulating coins and usable in ordinary commerce, there is no real demand for circulating $1 coins at present. So the demand would strictly be determined by collector interest. The program would be produced at no cost to the taxpayer. I think that is important. Mr. HIMES made sure of that. Depending on the collector demand, it actually might produce a surplus that would then be returned to the Treasury’s General Fund. The legislation explicitly states that minting of the innovation coins would in no way interfere with the minting and issuing of the $1 coins honoring Native Americans. Those coins similarly have a standardized front design 
and a reverse design that changes regularly, honoring the great contributions that have been made to this country by Native Americans. So, Mr. Speaker, the Presidential dollar, when produced for collectors, had a demand of a little more than 5 million coins per design. That seems to indicate enough interest that would and should approve this program, as it can proceed at no cost to the taxpayer, while allowing the Mint to fully use its facilities. The language we are considering contains some minor technical amendments that will allow the coin production to begin more swiftly, which I think makes sense. I think this is a good bill, and Mr. HIMES has kind of thought through any red flags that could be risen by any Member on the floor. He has addressed those. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Wisconsin for his support of this bill and the kind things he said about it. Mr. Speaker, the American Innovation $1 Coin Act addresses the decreasing numismatic coin sales resulting from the discontinuation of the Presidential $1 coin series. When enacted, this bill will first commission the U.S. Mint to create a yearlong introductory coin series bearing the semblance of George Washington’s signature on the first patent. The bill will then direct the Mint to release four $1 coins each year, as my friend from Wisconsin said, featuring a great American innovation from each State over the next 14 years. Coins will be issued in alphabetical order, starting with Alabama. State innovations will be chosen with input from State Governors, territory executives, the Commission of Fine Arts, and the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly excited about the concept of commemorating and honoring innovation. As Mr. DUFFY has said, this is one of the core strengths of our country. We have fights across the aisle, as we should, over our economy and where this government intervenes. I think we agree that one of the key strengths of the United States is our entrepreneurial capacity and the remarkable innovations that come out of all 50 States and the territories of the United States. It is right that, in some small way, we honor those innovations and those innovators who help our economy grow, give us competitive advantage, and make us all proud to be part of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, these coins will be sold as a product for collectors and minted to demand with oversight from the Treasury. Per U.S. Mint reports, to the point made by my friend from Wisconsin, the $1 coin costs less than 35 cents to make. As a product for collectors, the $1 coins sell for more than face value, up to $1.32 each. That is nearly a $1 profit on every coin. Proceeds from this coin will return money to the Treasury. In addition, the infrastructure producing these coins is already in place. This program will sunset once all States and territories have been honored and cannot be resumed, except by an act of Congress. This legislation has the support of members of the coin industry and their local suppliers and service providers across the States, including a number of small businesses in my district. These businesses represent scores of small businesses and thousands of jobs around the country. I believe this bill will engage the public, fill the void of a terminated coin series, help increase the Mint’s profitability, and create and sustain coinrelated jobs in both public and private sectors, all while honoring and commemorating the remarkable innovative capacity of our country. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 770, and I thank Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member WATERS , Chairman BARR, and Ranking Member M OORE , as well as my friend from Wisconsin, for their support and determination to get this important bill scheduled and passed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I think it is important to note that we are using the capacity of the Mint, which costs no additional money. But as Mr. HIMES pointed out, we are celebrating innovation. As a country, we continue to innovate and create in a way that no one else does in the world. It is that innovation and creation that creates more and better jobs for our society, our community, and our families. So I think it is a wonderful idea to celebrate that by way of a coin that costs the taxpayers no money but celebrates this great American trade. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 770, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPANDING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES ACT Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4279) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise any rules necessary to enable closedend companies to use the securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers of securities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4279 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Investment Opportunities Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PARITY FOR CLOSEDEND COMPANIES REGARDING OFFERING AND PROXY RULES. 
(a) R EVISION TO RULES .—Not later than the end of the 180 period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall propose and, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall finalize any rules, as appropriate, to allow any closedend company, as defined in section 5(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–5), that is registered as an investment company under such Act, and is listed on a national securities exchange or that makes periodic repurchase offers pursuant to section 270.23c 3 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to use the securities offering and proxy rules, subject to conditions the Commission determines appropriate, that are available to other issuers that are required to file reports under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m; 78o(d)). Any action that the Commission takes pursuant to this subsection shall consider the availability of information to investors, including what disclosures constitute adequate information to be designated as a ‘‘wellknown seasoned issuer’’. (b) TREATMENT IF REVISIONS NOTCOMPLETED IN A TIMELY MANNER .—If the Commission fails to complete the revisions required by subsection (a) by the time required by such subsection, any registered closedend company that is listed on a national securities exchange or that makes periodic repurchase offers pursuant to section 270.23c3 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be an eligible issuer under the final rule of the Commission titled ‘‘Securities Offering Reform’’ (70 Fed. Reg. 44722; published August 3, 2005). (c) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) NO EFFECT ON RULE 482 .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to impair or limit in any way a registered closedend company from using section 230.482 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to distribute sales material. (2) REFERENCES .—Any reference in this section to a section of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or to any form or schedule means such rule, section, form, or schedule, or any successor to any such rule, section, form, or schedule. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, closedend funds are important retirement savings and investment vehicles for retail investors and serve as a longterm source of capital for operating companies, which helps promote job creation, research and development, and economic growth. Despite the many benefits of closed end funds, the number of closedend funds has been declining over the last several years. Closedend funds occupy a unique space within a framework of regulated investment companies. They have opportunities to invest in small enterprises and stocks and bonds that they may issue that would not necessarily be ones that are openended or invested in by mutual funds. Since the SEC has adopted its 2005 offering reform for traditional operating companies, the SEC has had more than 12 years to consider a parallel framework for closedend funds, but has failed to do so. H.R. 4279 would direct the SEC to draft rules as appropriate to permit closedend funds to take advantage of the 2005 offering reforms. If the SEC does not finalize these rules within 1 year, closedend funds that otherwise meet the requirements could take advantage of the 2005 offering reforms until the SEC adopts a rule. By simplifying the closedend fund offering process and liberalizing existing restrictions on communications, the legislation would reduce unnecessary regulatory burdens that raise cost for investors. In turn, this would enhance the ability of closedend funds to act as a source of financing for the economy. I think this is a commonsense piece of legislation. I would also note that, in a committee that often doesn’t see a lot of bipartisanship, this bill passed out of committee with a vote of 58–2, signifying broad and wide support amongst the parties and from our committee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and rise today in support of H.R. 4279. This was a thoroughly negotiated bill, incorporating the views of affected funds and consumer and investor advocacy groups. My staff worked with Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH ’s staff up to the eleventh hour in committee, demonstrating the importance of bipartisan relationships in creating legislation. The ranking member’s staff and the chairman’s staff worked with us throughout this process, and I offered an amendment that we all agreed to. My amendment simply changed the approach the bill used to accomplish parity for closedend investment funds with operating companies under the SEC’s securities offering reforms of 2005. Moving this bill in regular order, we heard in a legislative hearing that there were reasons why parity might not mean identical treatment. This amendment would direct the SEC to propose, within 180 days, a rule that would allow closedend funds that are listed or have periodic redemptions— interval funds—to be treated as well known seasoned issuers, WKSIs. This rule will have to be finalized within a year, or else the bill will provide a statutory ability for these companies to qualify if they meet the other criteria currently applicable to operating companies. The SEC can act at any time thereafter to propose rules that would be controlling for closed end funds covered by the bill. I encourage the SEC to consider the disclosure regime under the Investment Company Act of 1940 to promulgate a rule that will allow listed closedend funds and interval funds to use the streamlined offering and proxy rules that are available to WKSIs. This bill will increase options for investors and savers while ensuring that protections appropriate to a WKSI are applied to closedend and interval funds. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill as it comes to a decision on the floor, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4279. There are two big problems that I hear a lot about in district. The first is ensuring that momandpop investors in retail Main Street America have all of the options available to them to be able to invest for their future retirement and invest for their kids’ college education. They want a cornucopia of different investment opportunities for them to be able to pursue: making the decision as to whether mutual funds are the right answer, making the decision as to whether openend funds are the right answer, making the decision as to whether ETFs are the right answer, and making the decision as to whether, yes, closedend funds are the right answer. Over the last 10 years, we have seen closedend funds decline in number by 81 percent. Some of that decline has been because of the regulatory burden, the onerous burden that is on them, compared to some of their counterparts. We want to make sure that ultimately there might be reasons for a level playing field between them and some other wellknown seasoned issuers. The second big problem that I continue to hear about is how dynamic the market is; how fleeting opportunities are; and how we need to make sure that there is not long, duplicative timelines and not onerous, duplicative paperwork that companies and closed end funds are having to fill out and having to wait in order to take advantage of the opportunities that may exist in the market. We want to truncate down that time without removing any of the regulation and governance that is so important to ensuring the transparency and credibility of U.S. markets around the world. I want to thank Mr. FOSTER because, as he well said, from day one he has been diligently working on both of those problems. We have been able to work together and, as he said, negotiate all the way through the eleventh hour, not to come up with a shotgun solution that doesn’t address both of these, but, instead, to come up with a comprehensive solution that solves both of these problems: the problem for the Main Street momandpop 401(k) investor that wants to be able to pursue different opportunities in saving for their retirement, and for companies that are pursuing dynamic opportunities in the market. I want them to be as competitive as possible in this global marketplace. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. FOSTER for all of his effort along the way. I want to thank the committee for their 58–2 support of this legislation. I am hopeful and I urge my colleagues on the floor to vote for this legislation as well. I think this is a commonsense, thoughtful approach to both of those problems that I hear far too often when I am back home in my district. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, at this point I have no further speakers, so I would like to close with a few words here. This bipartisan bill will increase options for investors and savers while ensuring that the protections appropriate to a WKSI are applied to closedend fund and interval funds. It is my hope that we can do more bipartisan work like this in our committee and in our Congress for the remainder of this term. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, this is a unique space where, oftentimes, we would look to the SEC to actually act. Because they haven’t acted, I am proud to say I am part of a group in Congress that are willing to act proactively to make sure, again, we are protecting investors, protecting savers, but also helping capital flow into spaces that are so needed by this reform. Mr. Speaker, again, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4279, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL ACT OF 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4318) to amend the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4318 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018’’. (b) REFERENCE .—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a chapter, subchapter, note, additional U.S. note, heading, subheading, or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a chapter, subchapter, note, additional U.S. note, heading, subheading, or other provision of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States. (c) EXPIRED PROVISIONS .—Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended— (1) by striking heading 9902.01.01 and all headings that follow through the end of such subchapter; and (2) by striking U.S. Note 7 and U.S. Notes 13 through 19. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.04 Artichokes, prepared or preserved by vinegar or acetic acid (provided for in subheading 2001.90.25) ........... 7.2 % No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 6. PEPPERONCINI, PRESERVED BY VINEGAR, IN GLASS JARS. 
SEC. 7. PEPPERONCINI, VINEGAR PRESERVED, NOT IN GLASS JARS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 22. SODIUM CONTAINING NOT MORE THAN 200 PPM OF CALCIUM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.29 Silicon dioxide amorphous, certified by the importer as comprising entirely spherical microspheres with mean particle size of 28 to 45 micrometers ( μm) and surface area 600 to 800 m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.30 Amorphous silicon dioxide microspheres of mean particle size of 0.0500.100 mm, and specific electrical resistance of 50,000 Ohm cm or more (CAS No. 7631–86–9) (provided for in subheading 2811.22.10) ........ Free No change No change  On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.31 Amorphous silicon dioxide microspheres of mean particle size 0.0030.018 mm, linseed oil absorption 30 40 ml/g, surface area less than 80 m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.32 Entirely spherical silicon dioxide microspheres, certified by the importer as having mean particle size of 3 to 18 micrometers (μm), linseed oil absorption 150 to 400 ml/g, microbial count less than 100 cfu/g, mold count less than 100 cfu/g, heavy metals less than 20 ppm, surface area 300 to 800 m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.38 Hydrazine, 64 percent solution in water (CAS No. 302–01–2) (provided for in subheading 2825.10.00) ......... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.40 Tin(IV) oxide (stannic oxide) (Dioxostannane) (CAS No. 18282105) (provided for in subheading 2825.90.20) Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.57 Sodium hypophosphite monohydrate (CAS No. 10039–56–2) (provided for in subheading 2835.10.00) ........... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 71. MIXED RARE EARTH OXIDES KNOWN AS LUMINOSTAR UY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.77 Titanium(2+) dihydride (Titanium hydride) (CAS No. 7704985) (provided for in subheading 2850.00.07) .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.84 1,6,7,8,9,14,15,16, 17,17,18,18 Dodecachloropentacyclo [12.2.1.1
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.86 oDichlorobenzene (1,2dichlorobenzene) (CAS No. 95501) (provided for in subheading 2903.91.20) ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.87 pDichlorobenzene (1,4dichlorobenzene) (CAS No. 106–46–7) (provided for in subheading 2903.91.30) ........ 2.7% No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.01.93 1Chloro2chloromethyl3fluorobenzene (CAS No. 55117152) (provided for in subheading 2903.99.80) ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9902.02.04 4Chloro3,5dinitro α,α,αtrifluorotoluene (CAS No. 393–75–9) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.15) ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.05 2Methyl5nitrobenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 121–03–9) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.20) ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.06 Triflic acid (trifluoromethanesulfonic acid) (CAS No.1493–13–6) (provided for in subheading 2904.99.50) .... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 120. PREVENTOL O EXTRA, PREVENTOL O EXTRA PRESERVATIVE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.26 6,6’Ditertbutyl2,2’methylenedipcresol (CAS No. 119–47–1) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90) ... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.29 2,5Bis(2methyl2butanyl)1,4benzenediol (CAS No. 79–74–3) (provided for in subheading 2907.29.90) ... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.44 3,7Dimethylocta2,6dienal (citral) (CAS No. 5392–40–5) (provided for in subheading 2912.19.10) ............. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.49 pAnisaldehyde (4methoxybenzaldehyde) (CAS No. 123–11–5) (provided for in subheading 2912.49.10) ....... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.71 (3E)4Ethoxy1,1,1trifluorobut3en2one (CAS No. 59938–06–6) (provided for in subheading 2914.79.90) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.83 (2E,4E)2,4Hexadienoic acid (Sorbic acid) (CAS No. 110–44–1) (provided for in subheading 2916.19.20) .... 2.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.84 (E)2Butenoic acid (transcrotonic acid) (CAS No. 107–93–7) (provided for in subheading 2916.19.30) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.91 Oxalic acid (ethanedioic acid dihydrate) (CAS No. 6153–56–6) (provided for in subheading 2917.11.00) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.95 Itaconic acid (2methylidenebutanedioic acid) (CAS No. 97–65–4) (provided for in subheading 2917.19.70) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.02.99 5,5’Bi2benzofuran1,1’,3,3’tetrone (CAS No. 2420–87–3) (provided for in subheading 2917.39.30) .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.22 4(2,4Dichlorophenoxy) butyric acid (2,4DB) (CAS No. 94826) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.20) ... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.23 2Methyl4chlorophenoxyacetic acid (MCPA) (CAS No. 94–74–6) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.20) ... 2.5% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.28 (R)(+)2(4Hydroxyphenoxy)propionic acid (CAS No. 94050–90–5) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.43) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.30 5,5’Oxybis(2benzofuran1,3dione) (CAS No.1823–59–2) (provided for in subheading 2918.99.43) .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.36 Bis(2,4dichlorophenyl) phosphorochloridate (CAS No. 14254–41–2) (provided for in subheading 2919.90.30) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.39 O,ODiethyl phosphorochloridothioate (CAS No. 2524–04–1) (provided for in subheading 2920.19.50) ........... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.42 Tris(2,4ditertbutylphenyl) phosphite (CAS No. 31570–04–4) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.20) ....... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.44 Bis(4tbutylcyclohexyl)peroxydicarbonate (CAS No. 15520–11–3) (provided for in subheading 2920.90.51) ... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.51 N,N’Bis(3aminopropyl)ethylenediamine (CAS No. 10563–26–5) (provided for in subheading 2921.29.00) .... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.52 2,4,4Trimethyl1,6hexanediamine (CAS No. 25620–58–0) (provided for in subheading 2921.29.00) ............. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.61 αNEthylanilinotoluene3sulfonic acid (CAS No. 101111) (provided for in subheading 2921.42.90) .......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.64 3{[Ethyl(phenyl) amino]methyl γ benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 101–11–1) (provided for in 2921.42.90) ...... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.69 oChloroptoluidine (3chloro4methylaniline) (CAS No. 95–74–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.73 4Amino3methylbenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 98–33–9) (provided for in subheading 2921.43.90) ............ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.84 4,4’Diamino2,2’stilbenedisulfonic acid (CAS No. 81–11–8) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.20) ......... 1.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.85 2,2’Bis(trifluoromethyl)4,4’biphenyldiamine (CAS No. 341–58–2) (provided for in subheading 2921.59.40) Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.95 4,4’[1,3Phenylenebis(oxy)]dianiline (CAS No. 2479–46–1) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.61) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.03.96 4Methoxy2methylNphenylaniline (CAS No. 41317–15–1) (provided for in subheading 2922.29.61) ........... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.02 4Amino5methoxy2methylbenzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 6471–78–9) (provided for in 2922.29.81) .......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.07 Methyl 2amino3chlorobenzoate (CAS No. 77820–58–7) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.30) ............... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.09 Ethyl 3amino4,4,4trifluorocrotonate (CAS No. 372–29–2) (provided for in subheading 2922.49.80) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.21 NEthenylformamide (Nvinylformamide) (CAS No. 13162–05–5) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11) .... 3.3% No cha nge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.25 N(2Methyl4oxo2pentanyl)acrylamide (CAS No. 2873–97–4) (provided for in subheading 2924.19.11) ..... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.39 1Naphthylenyl methylcarbamate (Carbaryl) (CAS No. 63–25–2) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.47) .... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.54 4’Chloro2’,5’dimethoxyacetoacetanilide (CAS No. 4433–79–8) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) .... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.55 pAminobenzamide (4Aminobenzamide) (CAS No 2835–68–9) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) ....... Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.56 2Amino5cyanoN,3dimethylbenzamide (CAS No. 890707–29–6) (provided for in subheading 2924.29.77) Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.59 1Dodecylguanidine acetate (Dodine) (CAS No. 2439–10–3) (provided for in subheading 2925.19.91) ........... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.60 1,1’(1,3Phenylene)bis(1Hpyrrole2,5dione) (CAS No. 3006–93–7) (provided for in subheading 2925.19.91) Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.63 Creatine (NcarbamimidoylNmethylglycine) (CAS No. 57–00–1) (provided for in subheading 2925.29.90) ... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.72 Cyano(4fluoro3phenoxyphenyl)methyl 3(2,2dichloroethenyl)2,2dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate (Cyfluthrin, excluding βCyfluthrin) (CAS No. 68359–37–5) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.30) ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.79 1,2 Dicyanobenzene (phthalodinitrile) (CAS No. 91–15–6) (provided for in subheading 2926.90.43) ............... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.81 Isophthalonitrile (1,3dicyanobenzene) (CAS No. 626–17–5) (as provided for in subheading 2926.90.48) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.83 4[(4Aminophenyl)azo]benzenesulfonic acid (CAS No. 104–23–4) (provided for in subheading 2927.00.50) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.04.93 Adipic dihydrazide (Hexanedihydrazide) (CAS No. 1071–93–8) (provided for in subheading 2928.00.50) ........ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.01 SEthyl dipropyl(thiocarbamate) (EPTC) (CAS No. 759–94–4) (provided for in subheading 2930.20.90) .......... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.10 4,6Bis(octylthiomethyl)ocresol (CAS No. 110553–27–0) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29) ............... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.12 1(Octadecyldisulfanyl)octadecane (CAS No. 2500–88–1) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.29). ............... Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.15 Methyl (1E)N[methyl[methyl[(E)1 methylsulfanylethylideneamino] oxycarbonylamino] sulfanylcarbamoyl] oxyethanimidothioate (Thiodicarb) (CAS No. 59669–26–0) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.43) .............. Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.21 Thioglycolic acid (Sulfanylacetic acid) (CAS No. 68–11–1) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.49) ............. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9902.05.24 2Mercaptoethanol (2sulfanylethanol) (CAS No. 60–24–2) (provided for in subheading 2930.90.91) ............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.39 Tetrakis (hydroxymethyl)phosphonium chloride (CAS No. 124–64–1) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.41 N(Phosphonomethyl) glycine (Glyphosate) (CAS No. 1071–83–6) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) ... 3.1% No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.43 (2Chloroethyl)phosphonic acid (Ethephon) (CAS No.16672–87–0) (provided for in subheading 2931.90.90) Free No chan ge No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.05.89 3,6Dichloro2pyridinecarboxylic acid (CAS No. 1702–17–6) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.25) .......... 1.4% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.01 2Chloro6(trichloromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 1929–82–4) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) ............. 0.6%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.02 Copper(2+) bis(2pyridinethiolate 1oxide) (CAS No. 14915–37–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.27) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.07 2,3Dichloro5(trifluoromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 69045–84–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ...... 2.5% N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.12 5Methylpyridine2,3dicarboxylic acid (CAS No. 53636–65–0) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ....... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.19 2Methoxy4(trifluoromethyl)pyridine (CAS No. 219715–34–1) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.61) ....... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.20 2Cyanopyridine (2Pyridinecarbonitrile) (CAS No. 100–70–9) (provided for in subheading 2933.39.91) ......... 2.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.33 NBenzyl3Hpurin6amine (Benzyladenine) (CAS No.1214–39–7) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.15) Free No chang e No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.40 1Acetyl1,2,3,4tetrahydro3[(3pyridylmethyl)amino]6[1,2,2,2tetrafluoro1(trifluoromethyl) ethyl] quinazolin2one (Pyrifluquinazon) (CAS No. 337458–27–2) (provided for in subheading 2933.59.70) ........... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.63 4Methoxy6methyl1,3,5triazin2amine (CAS No. 1668–54–8) (provided for in subheading 2933.69.60) ... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.06.73 3BromoN[2bromo4chloro6[[(1cyclopropylethyl)amino]carbonyl]phenyl]1(3chloro2pyridinyl)1Hpyrazole5carboxamide (Cyclaniliprole) (CAS No. 1031756–98–5) (provided for in subheading 2933.99.17) ...... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.03 (2{[(1{1 [(2R,3R)3[4(4 Cyanophenyl)1,3thiazol2yl] 2(2,5difluorophenyl)2hydroxybutyl] 1H 1,2,4triazol4ium4 ylγethoxy) carbonyl] (methyl)aminoγ3pyridinyl)methyl N methylglycinate hydrogen sulfate (Isavuconazonium Sulfate) (CAS No. 946075–13–4) (provided for in subnheading 2934.10.10) ......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.05 6(2Cyclopropylthiazol5yl)1fluoro3,10bis(4,4,5,5tetramethyl1,3,2dioxaborolan2yl)6H benzo[5,6][1,3]oxazino[3,4a]indole (CAS No. 1620545–76–7) (provided for in subheading 2934.10.10) ........ Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.12 Zinc bis(1,3benzothiazole2thiolate) (CAS No. 155–04–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.20.80) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9902.07.18 2Butyl1,2benzothiazol3(2H)one (CAS No. 4299–07–4) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.21 (E){2[6(2Chlorophenoxy)5fluoropyrimidin4yloxy]phenyl γ(5,6dihydro1,4,2dioxazin3yl)N methoxymethanimine (Fluoxastrobin) (CAS No. 361377–29–9) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.12) ........ Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.26 8(2,6Diethyl4methylphenyl)1,2,4,5tetrahydro7oxo7Hpyrazolo[1,2d][1,4,5]oxadiazepin9yl2,2 dimethylpropanoate (Pinoxaden) (CAS No. 243973–20–8) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.15) ............... 5.4% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.41 [(7R)4(5Chloro1,3benzoxazol2yl)7methyl1,4diazepan1yl][5methyl2(2H1,2,3triazol2 yl)phenyl]methanone (Suvorexant) (CAS No. 1030377–33–3) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.30) .......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.51 C1C3Perfluoroalkyl perfluoromorpholine (CAS No. 382–28–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) ....... Free No change No change On  or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.53 3({[5(Difluoromethoxy)1methyl3(trifluoromethyl)1Hpyrazol4yl]methyl γsulfonyl)5,5dimethyl4,5 dihydro1,2oxazole (Pyroxasulfone) (CAS No. 447399–55–5) (provided for in subheading 2934.99.90) .......... 3.5% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.55 (1R,18R,20R,24S,27S)N{(1R,2S)1[(cyclopropylsulfonyl)carbamoyl]2vinylcyclopropyl γ7methoxy24(2 methyl2propanyl)22,25dioxo2,21dioxa4,11,23,26tetraazapentacyclo [24.2.1.
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.68 Methyl 3sulfamoyl2thiophenecarboxylate (CAS No. 59337–93–8) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.69 3(Ethylsulfonyl)2pyridinesulfonamide (CAS No. 117671–01–9) (provided for in subheading 2935.90.75) ... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.79 Iron sodium ethylenediaminedihydroxyphenylacetic acid (sodium [[ α,α’(ethylenediimino)bis[2 hydroxybenzene1acetato]](4)]ferrate(1)) (CAS No. 16455–61–1) (provided for in subheading 2942.00.10) Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 680. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE BLUE 60 M, DISPERSE BLUE 60 ME. 
SEC. 681. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE 77, 56, 60M, 60ME, 77. 
SEC. 682. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE YELLOW 64, 211, 42, AND 54. 
SEC. 686. MIXTURE OF SOLVENT YELLOW 163, ETC. (BLACK HLAS). 
SEC. 687. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE ANT (BR), ETC (DX BLK XF2). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 688. MIXTURE OF DISPERSE BLUE 77 AND DISPERSE BLUE 60 M. 
SEC. 690. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE ANT (BR), ETC. (DX NAVY XF2). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.07.98 Mixtures of Disperse Blue ANT (Br) (N[5(acetylamino)4[2(2bromo4,6dinitrophenyl)diazenyl]2 methoxyphenyl]N(2methoxy2oxoethyl)glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No. 88938–51–6); Disperse Green GNA (N[5(acetylamino)2methoxy4[2(5nitro2,1benzisothiazol3yl)diazenyl]phenyl]N(2methoxy2 oxoethyl)glycine, methyl ester) (CAS No. 1235882–84–4); Disperse Yellow FC60954 (4[2(5cyano1,6 dihydro2hydroxy1,4dimethyl6oxo3pyridinyl)diazenyl]benzoic acid, 2phenoxyethyl ester) (CAS No. 88938–37–8); and Disperse Red DYNS 2246 (N[4[2(2cyano4nitrophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl]N (phenylmethyl)Balanine, 2oxopropyl ester ) (CAS No. 1021394–33–1) (provided for in 3204.11.35) ............ Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 692. MIXT OF DISPERSE BLUE 60 M, ETC (DX TURQUOISE XF). 
SEC. 694. MIX OF DISP BLUE 77, ETC (DX BLACK AMSLR CONC). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 695. MIX OF DISPERSE YELLOW 163, ETC. (DX BLACK HLAE). 
SEC. 696. MIX OF DISPERSE RED 356, 367, & H111030. 
SEC. 697. MIX OF DISPERSE RED 1042A & DISPERSE RED 1042B. 
SEC. 698. MIX OF DISP BLUE 77, 60 M, & DISP YELLOW 71. 
SEC. 704. MIX OF DISPERSE BLUE 73 A & DISPERSE BLUE 73 P. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.21 Sodium 4({3[(E)(2methyl4{[(4 methylphenyl)sulfonyl] oxy γphenyl)diazenyl] phenylγamino) 3 nitrobenzenesulfonate (Acid orange 67) (CAS No. 12220–06–3) (provided for in subheading 3204.12.45) ..... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 715. MIXTURE OF ACID BLACK 220A AND ACID BLACK 220 B. 
SEC. 724. RHODAMINE BLUE SHADE DYE LIQUID CAS 64381–99–3. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.38 Disodium 7anilino4hydroxy3({2methoxy5methyl4[(4sulfonatophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl γdiazenyl)2 naphthalenesulfonate (Direct violet 9) (CAS No. 6227–14–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.14.50) ......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.48 Reactive Blue 19 (Disodium 1amino9, 10dioxo4 [(3{[2(sulfonatooxy)ethyl]sulfonyl γphenyl) amino]9 ,10dihydro2anthracenesulfonate) (CAS No. 2580–78–1) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.20) .............. Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 741. MIXTURE OF REACTIVE BLUE 19 AND REACTIVE BLUE 187. 
SEC. 744. MIXTURE OF REACTIVE RED 198 AND REACTIVE RED 239. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.56 Reactive Black 5 (tetrasodium 4amino5hydroxy3, 6bis[(4{[2(sulfonatooxy) ethyl]sulfonyl γphenyl) diazenyl]2, 7naphthalenedisulfonate) (CAS No. 17095–24–8) (provided for in subheading 3204.16.50) ...... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.80 Solvent Violet 11 (1,4diaminoanthraquinone) (CAS No. 128–95–0) (provided for in subheading 3204.19.25) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.85 2,2’(Vinylenedipphenylene)bisbenzoxazole (CAS No. 1533–45–5) (provided for in subheading 3204.20.80) Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.08.94 Calcium chloride fluoride phosphate, antimony and manganesedoped, of a kind used as a luminophore (Calcium halo phosphate phosphor) (CAS No. 545386–98–9) (provided for in subheading 3206.50.00) ......... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.17 Glycerol ester of dimerized rosin acids, having softening point not less than 104 ° C and acid number measuring 3 or more but not over 8 (CAS No. 68475–37–6) (provided for in subheading 3806.30.00) .......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.22 Product mixtures containing 1(6chloro3pyridinyl)methylNnitroimidazolidin2ylideneamine (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261–41–3) and 3,7,9,13tetramethyl5,11dioxa2,8,14trithia4,7,9,12tetraazapentadeca 3,12diene6,10dione (Thiodicarb) (CAS No. 59669–26–0) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.25) ............ Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.36 Product mixtures containing 1[(2chloro1,3thiazol5yl)methyl]2methyl3nitroguanidine (Clothianidin) (CAS No. 210880–92–5) and Bacillus firmus (Strain I1582) (provided for in subheading 3808.91.50) ......... 4.2% No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.45 Product mixtures containing 1(6chloro3pyridinyl)methylNnitroimidazolidin2ylideneamine (Imidacloprid) (CAS No. 138261–41–3), methyl N(2methoxyacetyl)N(2,6xylyl)DLalaninate (Metalaxyl) (CAS No. 57837– 19–1), 2[(2RS)2(1chlorocyclopropyl)3(2chlorophenyl)2hydroxypropyl]2H1,2,4triazole3(4H)thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) and (RS)1pchlorophenyl4,4dimethyl3(1H1,2,4triazol1 ylmethyl)pentan3ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ........ Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.48 Product mixtures containing N{2[3chloro5(trifluoromethyl)2pyridinyl]ethyl γ2(trifluoromethyl)benzamide (Fluopyram) (CAS No. 658066–35–4) and 1(4chlorophenyl)4,4dimethyl3(1H1,2,4triazol1 ylmethyl)pentan3ol (Tebuconazole) (CAS No. 107534–96–3) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) ........ Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.59 Product mixtures containing 2[2(1chlorocyclopropyl)3(2chlorophenyl)2hydroxypropyl]1,2dihydro 3H 1,2,4triazole3thione (Prothioconazole) (CAS No. 178928–70–6) (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) .. Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 856. MIXTURES OF FAMOXADONE, CYMOXANIL, AND APPLICATION ADJUVANTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.71 Mixtures of 1[2(2,4dichlorophenyl)3(1,1,2,2tetrafluoroethoxy)propyl]1H1,2,4triazole (Tetraconazole) (CAS No. 112281–77–3); methyl (2E)2(2{[6(2cyanophenoxy)4pyrimidinyl]oxy γphenyl)3methoxyacrylate (Azoxystrobin) (CAS No. 131860–33–8); and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.92.15) Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.09.86 Product mixtures containing (5hydroxy1,3dimethyl1Hpyrazol4yl)[2(methylsulfonyl)4(trifluorome thyl)phenyl]methanone (Pyrasulfotole) (CAS No. 365400–11–9); 2,4dibromo6cyanophenyl octanoate (Bromoxynil Octanoate) (CAS No. 1689–99–2); 2,6Dibromo4cyanophenyl heptanoate (Bromoxynil Heptanoate) (CAS No. 56634–95–8); and diethyl 1(2,4dichlorophenyl)5methyl4,5dihydro1Hpyrazole 3,5dicarboxylate (Mefenpyrdiethyl) (CAS No. 135590–91–9) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) ......... 3.7% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 880. PYRAFLUFEN ETHYL 40 PERCENT (ET MB 40). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.03 Mixtures of N[[(4,6dimethoxy2pyrimidinyl)amino]carbonyl]3(ethylsulfonyl)2pyrid inesulfonamide (Rimsulfuron) (CAS No. 122931–48–0) and application adjuvants (provided for in subheading 3808.93.15) Free No change No change O n or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.14 (2Chloroethyl)trimethylammonium chloride (CAS No. 999–81–5) (provided for in subheading 3808.93.50) ... Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.26 Mixtures of caprolactam disulfide (CAS No. 23847–08–7) with an elastomer binder of ethylenepropylene diene monomer and ethyl vinyl acetate, and dispersing agents (provided for in subheading 3812.10.50) ..... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.31 Zinc 4methyl1Hbenzimidazole2thiolate (CAS No. 61617–00–3) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.60) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.35 4Methylphenol  tricyclo[5.2.2.0
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.36 1,6Hexanediamine,N1,N6bis(2,2,6,6tetramethyl4piperidinyl), polymer with 2,4,6trichloro1,3,5triazine, reaction products with 3bromo1propene,Nbutyl1butanamine and Nbutyl2,2,6,6tetramethyl4 piperidinamine, oxidized, hydrogenated (CAS No. 247243–62–5) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.90) .... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.37 Magnesium aluminum hydroxide carbonate (synthetic hydrotalcite) (CAS No. 11097–59–9) (provided for in subheading 2842.90.90); and magnesium aluminum hydroxide carbonate (synthetic hydrotalcite) (CAS No. 11097–59–9) coated with stearic acid (CAS No. 57–11–4) (provided for in subheading 3812.39.90) ............ Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.39 Mixtures of polyethylene glycol (CAS No. 25322–68–3), (acetate) pentammine cobalt dinitrate (CAS No. 14854–63–8), and zinc carbonate (CAS No. 3486–35–9) (provided for in subheading 3815.90.50) ............... Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.42 Branched chain C24mixed alkylbenzenes (CAS No. 68081–77–6) (provided for in subheading 3817.00.15) .. 1.3% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.46 Laurylcetyl alcohol (alcohol, C12C16) (CAS No. 68855–56–1) (provided for in subheading 3823.70.40) ....... 0.5% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.52 Mixtures of polymers based on tall oil fatty acids, phthalic anhydride, glycerin and rosin (CAS No. 68015– 39–4); poly(isobutyl vinyl ether) (CAS No. 9003–44–5); zinc 2ethylhexanoate (CAS No. 136–53–8); and more than 50 percent by weight of a hydrocarbonbased solvent (provided for in subheading 3208.10.00) .. Free No change No change  On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.54 NPropylphosphorothioic triamide (CAS No. 916809–14–8) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ............. Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 944. MIXTURES OF C5C18 PERFLUOROCARBON ALKANES, PERFLUOROCARBON AMINES, AND PERFLUOROCARBON ETHERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.59 Amorphous synthetic silica gel, silanized (CAS No. 112926–00–8) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92 .. Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.61 Siloxanes and silicones, diMe, polymers with Me silsesquioxanes and polypropylene glycol monoBu ether (CAS No. 68554–65–4), greater than 70 percent by weight, with less than 8 percent percent by weight siloxanes and silicones, diMe, polymers with Me silsesquioxanes and polyethylenepolypropylene glycol monoBu ether, less than 8 percent by weight poly(oxy(methyl1,2ethanediyl)), αbutylω hydroxyl (CAS No. 9003–13–8), less than 2 percent by weight oxirane, methyl, polymer with oxirane, monobutylether (CAS No. 9038–95–3), less than 8 percent by weight silanamine, 1,1,1, trimethyl (CAS No. 68909–20–6), and less than 1 percent by weight silicon dioxide (CAS No. 7631–86–9) (provided for in subheading 3824.99.92) ..... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 957. AMORPHOUS ALPHA OLEFIN WITH HIGH SOFTENING POINT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.70 Poly(propyleneco1butenecoethylene) (CAS No. 25895–47–0) (provided for in subheading 3902.30.00) .... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.75 Poly(vinyl acetatecovinyl chloride) (CAS No. 9003–22–9) (provided for in subheading 3904.30.60) ............. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 972. GALDEN FLUIDS WITH BOILING POINTS ABOVE 170 DEGREES CELSIUS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.89 Ethene, 1,1,2,2tetrafluoro, oxidized, polymerized, reduced, ethyl esters, reduced, N[2[(2methyl1oxo2 propen1yl) oxy] ethyl] carbamates (CAS No. 1385773–87–4) (provided for in subheading 3904.69.50) ....... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 978. FOMBLIN T4 AND FOMBLIN Z TETRAOL PRODUCTS. 
SEC. 979. FOMBLIN Z DOL AND FLUOROLINK D SERIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.10.99 Poly(vinyl acetatecocrotonic acid) (CAS No. 25609–89–6) (provided for in subheading 3905.19.00) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9902.11.01 Ethylenevinyl acetate copolymers (other than those in aqueous dispersions), containing 50 percent or more by weight of vinyl acetate monomer (CAS No. 24937–78–8) (provided for in subheading 3905.29.00) .......... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.06 Poly(acrylamidecosodium polyacrylate) (CAS No. 25085–02–3) (provided for in subheading 3906.90.50) .... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.15 Heatcurable epoxy resin mixture containing more than 30 percent by weight of 4,4 ′(9Hfluorene9,9 diyl)bis(2chloroaniline) (CAS No. 107934–68–9) as a curing agent (provided for in subheading 3907.30.00) Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1001. LIQUID RESIN KNOWN AS CHEMITYLENE OR TC2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.17 1,2BisO(2oxiranylmethyl)Dglucitol (CAS No. 68412–01–1) (provided for in subheading 3907.30.00) ...... Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9902.11.18 Sulfonated polyethylene terephthalate (CAS No. 63534–56–5) (provided for in subheading 3907.60.00) ........ Free No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1007. POLYMER OF 1,4 BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID WITH 1,4BUTANEDIOL AND HEXANEDIOIC ACID. 
SEC. 1008. 1,4BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID, POLYMER WITH 1,4 BUTANEDIOL AND DECANEDIOC ACID. 
SEC. 1009. 1,4BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID, POLYMER WITH 1,4BUTANEDIOL, HEXANEDIOIC ACID AND NONANEDIOIC ACID. 
SEC. 1010. 1,4BENZENEDICARBOXYLIC ACID, POLYMER WITH 1,4BUTANEDIOL, DECANEDIOIC ACID AND HEXANEDIOIC ACID. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.33 Poly{(azacyclotridecan2one)co(1,3benzenedicarboxylic acid; 1,4benzenedicarboxylic acid)alt(4,4’ methylenebis[2methylcyclohexanamine]) γ (CAS No. 62694–40–0) (provided for in subheading 3908.90.70) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.42 Poly[oxy(methyl1,2ethanediyl)], αhydroωhydroxy and 5 isocyanato1(isocyanatomethyl)1,3,3 trimethylcyclohexane (Isophorone diisocyanate) (CAS No. 1012318–97–6) (provided for in 3909.50.50) ......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1027. POLYETHYLENEIMINE, REFRIGERATED IN CONTAINERS HOLDING NOT MORE THAN 1 LITER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1028. POLYETHYLENEIMINE, COMPONENTS FOR MANUFACTURING INTO MEDICAL DEVICES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.56 Poly(divinylbenzenecoethylstyrene) (CAS No. 9043–77–0) (provided for in subheading 3911.90.90) ............. Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1040. CERTAIN INDUSTRIAL NITROCELLULOSE, DAMPED WITH AN ALCOHOL CONTENT OF 28 TO 32 PERCENT. 
SEC. 1041. CERTAIN INDUSTRIAL NITROCELLULOSE, DAMPED WITH AN ALCOHOL CONTENT OF 33 TO 37 PERCENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.62 Sodium alginate (CAS No. 9005–38–3) containing citrate (provided for in subheading 3913.10.00) .............. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1049. IONEXCHANGE RESIN COMPRISED OF DIVINYLBENZENE COPOLYMERIZED WITH STYRENE AND ETHYLSTYRENE. 
SEC. 1050. IONEXCHANGE RESIN COMPRISED OF A COPOLYMER OF METHACRYLIC ACID CROSSLINKED WITH DIVINYLBENZENE. 
SEC. 1051. IONEXCHANGE RESIN UTILIZING A TYPE I QUATERNARY AMMONIUM FUNCTIONAL GROUP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.74 Poly(divinylbenzenecoacrylic acid) (CAS No. 9052–45–3) (provided for in subheading 3914.00.60) .............. Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1059. IONEXCHANGE RESIN AND CHELATING RESIN WITH A ISOTHIOURONIUM FUNCTIONAL GROUP. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1060. IONEXCHANGE RESIN AND CHELATING RESIN WITH AN AMINOPHOSPHORIC FUNCTIONAL GROUP. 
SEC. 1062. STRIPS OF 100 PERCENT EPTFE SEALANT BETWEEN 3MM AND 30MM THICK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1071. EXPANDED PTFE SHEETS BETWEEN 1.6MM AND 3MM THICK FOR SEALANTS. 
SEC. 1072. EXPANDED PTFE SHEETS BETWEEN 3.1MM AND 6.00MM THICK FOR SEALANTS. 
SEC. 1074. PE PLUG CAP WITH HOLDING TOP AND INSERTING BOTTOM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.11.93 Plastic lids certified by the importer for use on food storage containers (provided for in 3923.50.00) ........... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1077. PLASTIC CAP FOR SQUEEZABLE SPORT WATER BOTTLE. 
SEC. 1078. SINGLE WRAPPED CUTLERY JOINED BY A SKEWER. 
SEC. 1079. SET OF PLASTIC CUTLERY WRAPPED IN PAPER. 
SEC. 1083. BOXING AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTS GLOVES OF PLASTIC. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1088. PLASTIC NONSKID BASE RINGS FOR TOILET BRUSH CADDIES. 
SEC. 1097. CAMERA MOUNTS DESIGNED TO HOLD 2 CAMERAS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.34 Whole, tanned bovine hides, full grain unsplit or grain splits, in the dry state, not further prepared after tanning or crusting, having a unit surface area of 5.11 m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.38 Sleeping bag carrying bags (‘‘stuff sacks’’), of woven taffeta fabric of polyester with 160 or more but not over 210 thread count, formed from 22 or more but not over 112 decitex yarns; such bags or sacks each weighing 25 g/m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1124. NOVELTY BACKPACKS WITH DECORATIVE PLASTIC SHELLS IN THE SHAPE OF A SHIELD. 
SEC. 1125. NOVELTY BACKPACKS WITH DECORATIVE PLASTIC SHELLS IN THE SHAPE OF ANIMALS. 
SEC. 1126. OTHER NOVELTY BACKPACKS WITH DECORATIVE PLASTIC SHELLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.45 Backpacks with outer surface of 230 decitex fabric of nylon and with laminated polyester knitted backing inner surface; such backpacks each weighing 0.85 kg but not over 1 kg, measuring 0.018 m
SEC. 1128. BINOCULAR CARRYING CASES, VALUED $20 OR OVER. 
SEC. 1131. CERTAIN CASES FOR ELECTRONIC GAMES OR ACCESSORIES. 
SEC. 1135. PLASTIC CASES FOR ELECTRONIC GAMES OR ACCESSORIES. 
SEC. 1136. CAMERA HOUSINGS FOR WATERPROOF OPERATION NOT BELOW 40M. 
SEC. 1141. LEATHER GLOVES WITH FLIP MITTS FOR HUNTING. 
SEC. 1142. BOXING AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTS GLOVES OF LEATHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.62 Gloves of horsehide or cowhide (except calfskin) leather, not specially designed for use in sports, not wholly of leather, such gloves without fourchettes or sidewalls (provided for in subheading 4203.29.18) ............. 13.4% No change  No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1145. MEN’S LEATHER GLOVES VALUED AT $18 OR MORE PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.63 Men’s fullfingered gloves with a palm side of leather and a backside of woven fabric comprising 89 percent or more but not over 95 percent by weight of manmade fibers and 5 percent or more but not over 11 percent by weight of elastomeric fibers, such fabric coated with plastics; such gloves stuffed with synthetic microfiber for thermal insulation, with elasticized wrist and valued at $18 or more per pair; the foregoing other than gloves specially designed for use in sports (provided for in subheading 4203.29.30) ......... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1146. WOMEN’S LEATHER BELTS VALUED AT $7 OR MORE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.66 Plaiting materials and products of plaiting materials, suitable for use in window shades, presented in rolls each having an area measuring 27.85 m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.67 Plaiting materials and products of plaiting materials, of wood, suitable for use in window shades, presented in rolls each having an area measuring over 27.85 m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.73 Fine animal hair of Kashmir (cashmere) goats, carded or combed (provided for in subheading 5105.31.00) Free No ch ange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1157. YARN OF CARDED CASHMERE, WITH A YARN COUNT OF 19.35 METRIC OR HIGHER. 
SEC. 1158. YARN OF CARDED CASHMERE, WITH A YARN COUNT OF LESS THAN 19.35 METRIC. 
SEC. 1160. YARN OF COMBED CASHMERE OR YARN OF CAMEL HAIR. 
SEC. 1161. WOVEN FABRIC OF CARDED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT NOT EXCEEDING 300 G/M2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.79 Woven fabrics of carded vicuna hair, containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight not exceeding 300 g/m
SEC. 1162. WOVEN FABRIC OF CARDED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT EXCEEDING 300 G/M2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.80 Woven fabrics of carded vicuna hair, containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight exceeding 300 g/m
SEC. 1163. WOVEN FABRIC OF COMBED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT NOT EXCEEDING 200 G/M2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.81 Woven fabrics of combed vicuna hair, such fabrics containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair, of a weight not exceeding 200 g/m
SEC. 1164. WOVEN FABRIC OF COMBED VICUNA HAIR OF A WEIGHT EXCEEDING 200 G/M2. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.82 Woven fabrics of combed vicuna hair, such fabrics containing 85 percent or more by weight of vicuna hair and of a weight exceeding 200 g/m
SEC. 1171. HIGH TENACITY SINGLE RAYON YARN WITH A DECITEX EQUAL TO OR GREATER THAN 1,000. 
SEC. 1172. HIGH TENACITY SINGLE RAYON YARN WITH A DECITEX LESS THAN 1,000. 
SEC. 1173. HIGH TENACITY MULTIPLE OR CABLED RAYON YARN. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.91 High tenacity multiple (folded) or cabled yarn of viscose rayon (provided for in subheading 5403.10.60) ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.12.97 Fabrics containing 85 percent or more by weight of textured polyester filaments, plain woven, of yarns of different colors, weighing 96 g/m
SEC. 1180. ACRYLIC FIBER TOW WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF BETWEEN 2 AND 5. 
SEC. 1181. ACRYLIC FILAMENT TOW WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 2.2. 
SEC. 1182. ACRYLIC FIBER TOW WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 3.3. 
SEC. 1183. POLYACRYLONITRILE TOW WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 2.75. 
SEC. 1184. POLYACRYLONITRILE TOW WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 3.3. 
SEC. 1185. ACRYLIC FILAMENT TOW WITH A DECITEX OF 5.0 TO 5.6. 
SEC. 1186. ACRYLIC FILAMENT TOW WITH A DECITEX OF 3.3. 
SEC. 1187. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS, NOT PROCESSED. 
SEC. 1188. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 2.2 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 38MM. 
SEC. 1189. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH AN AVERAGE DEXITEX OF 2.2 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 51MM. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1190. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH AN AVERAGE DECITEX OF 1.7 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 51MM. 
SEC. 1191. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH OF 38MM. 
SEC. 1192. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH OF 40MM. 
SEC. 1193. SYNTHETIC STAPLE FIBERS NOT PROCESSED FOR SPINNING. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.12 Acrylic staple fibers (polyacrylonitrile staple) containing 85 percent or more by weight of acrylonitrile units and 2 percent or more but not over 3 percent of water, nonpigmented (ecru), crimped, with a decitex between 1.98 and 2.42 and fiber length between 48 and 60 mm (provided for in subheading 5503.30.00) ..... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1194. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 40 AND 47.5MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX LESS THAN 10. 
SEC. 1195. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 40 AND 47.5MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX BETWEEN 10 AND 30. 
SEC. 1196. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 40 AND 47.5 MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX GREATER THAN 30. 
SEC. 1197. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 48 AND 60MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX LESS THAN 10. 
SEC. 1198. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 48 AND 60MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX BETWEEN 10 AND 30. 
SEC. 1199. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS WITH A FIBER LENGTH BETWEEN 48 AND 60MM AND A SOLAR REFLECTANCE INDEX GREATER THAN 30. 
SEC. 1200. MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 1.7 AND A FIBER LENGTH OF 38MM. 
SEC. 1201. ACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS NOT PROCESSED FOR SPINNING. 
SEC. 1202. MODIFIED ACRYLIC FLAME RETARDANT STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 2.7. 
SEC. 1203. MODIFIED ACRYLIC FLAME RETARDANT STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 3.9. 
SEC. 1208. FLAME RESISTANT STAPLE FIBERS OF VISCOSE RAYON. 
SEC. 1209. RAYON STAPLE FIBERS FOR USE IN GOODS OF HEADING 9619. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1210. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 4.7 AND A LENGTH OF 60MM. 
SEC. 1211. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 3.3 AND A LENGTH OF 60MM. 
SEC. 1212. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 5.0 AND A LENGTH OF 60MM. 
SEC. 1213. FLAME RETARDANT VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER WITH A DECITEX OF 2.2 AND A LENGTH OF 38MM. 
SEC. 1214. VISCOSE RAYON STAPLE FIBER NOT PROCESSED FOR SPINNING. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1217. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS PROCESSED AND WITH A DECITEX OF 2.75 TO 3.3. 
SEC. 1218. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS PROCESSED AND WITH A DECITEX OF 11.0. 
SEC. 1219. ACRYLIC OR MODACRYLIC STAPLE FIBERS PROCESSED AND WITH A DECITEX OF 5.0 TO 5.6. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.38 Acrylic staple fibers, carded, combed or otherwise processed for spinning, containing by weight 92 percent or more of polyacrylonitrile, not more than 0.01 percent of zinc and 2 percent or more but not over 8 percent of water, dyed, with an average decitex of 5.0 to 5.6 (provided for in subheading 5506.30.00) ............. Free No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.40 Woven fabrics of synthetic staple fibers, containing 85 percent or more by weight of polyvinyl alcohol staple fibers and up to 15 percent of polynosic rayon fibers (provided for in subheading 5512.99.00) ............... Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1222. HEAVY WEIGHT FABRIC OF MODAL/ COTTON BLEND. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.41 Woven fabrics of modal staple rayon fibers, containing over 50 percent but less than 85 percent by weight of such fibers, dyed, mixed mainly or solely with cotton, such fabrics weighing more than 270 g/m
2, of yarns of number 42 or lower number, of a thread count of 150 to 160 per cm
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1225. MEN’S SHIRTS INCORPORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MONITOR. 
SEC. 1226. TANK TOPS INCORPORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MONITOR. 
SEC. 1227. WOMEN’S OR GIRLS’ MANMADE FIBER KNIT VESTS. 
SEC. 1228. VESTS INCORPORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MONITOR. 
SEC. 1229. MEN’S OR BOYS’ SILK KNIT PULLOVERS AND CARDIGANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.50 Girls’ knitted or crocheted coveralls or jumpsuits, of cotton (provided for in subheading 6114.20.00) ........... F ree No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.54 Hand muffs of knitted fabrics of polyester coated with plastics, such muffs stuffed with synthetic microfiber for thermal insulation, each with side openings having elastic closures, with one exterior pocket with zipper closure and weighing not more than 453.592 g (provided for in subheading 6117.80.95) ........... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1237. MEN’S OR BOYS’ COTTON WOVEN CORDUROY JACKETS. 
SEC. 1239. WOMEN’S OR GIRLS’ WOOL PADDED SLEEVELESS JACKETS. 
SEC. 1240. GIRLS’ MANMADE FIBER WOVEN JACKETS CONTAINING WOOL. 
SEC. 1242. WOMEN’S SKIRTS AND DIVIDED SKIRTS, 100 PERCENT SILK. 
SEC. 1243. WOMEN’S BLOUSES AND SHIRTS, 100 PERCENT SILK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.64 Women’s blouses, shirts and shirtblouses, woven, wholly of silk (provided for in subheading 6206.10.00) .. 6.5% No  change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1244. MEN’S OR BOYS’ MANMADE WOVEN SLEEPWEAR SEPARATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1247. WOMEN’S SPORTS BRAS INCORPORATING SNAPS USED TO ATTACH A HEART RATE MONITOR. 
SEC. 1248. WOMEN’S SHAWLS AND SCARVES, 100 PERCENT SILK. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.69 Women’s shawls, scarves and similar goods, wholly of silk (provided for in subheading 6214.10.10) ............ Free  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.80 Sleeping bag shells, unfilled, of woven taffeta fabric of polyester with thread count between 160 and 210 and formed from yarns between 22 and 112 decitex; such shells each weighing 25 g/m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1264. SPORTS FOOTWEAR FOR MEN, VALUED OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1265. SPORTS FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN, VALUED OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1266. MEN’S OIL AND SLIP RESISTANT OUTSOLE WORK FOOTWEAR. 
SEC. 1267. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTIC. 
SEC. 1269. WOMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOTWEAR, VALUED OVER $26 PER PAIR, COVERING THE ANKLE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1270. MEN’S WATERPROOF SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTIC, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.13.98 Footwear for men, with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (except vulcanized footwear and footwear with waterproof molded or vulcanized bottoms, including bottoms comprising an outer sole and all or part of the upper, and except footwear designed to be protective that is incomplete in its condition as imported), valued over $25/pair, whose height from the bottom of the outer sole to the top of the upper does not exceed 25.4 cm, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated, but not coated, textile fabric; such footwear, if valued over $27, without openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole or covered opening in the upper designed to permit moisture vapor transport from under the foot (provided for in subheading 6402.91.50) .. 3.8% No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1271. MEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH WATERPROOF SOLES, VALUED OVER $27 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1273. MEN’S WATERPROOF SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTIC, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1274. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $3 BUT NOT OVER $6.50 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1275. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $6.50 BUT NOT OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1276. FOOTWEAR MADE ON A BASE OR PLATFORM OF WOOD. 
SEC. 1277. FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN, WITH 90 PERCENT OF THE EXTERNAL SURFACE OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS. 
SEC. 1282. MEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOTWEAR, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE. 
SEC. 1283. WOMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOTWEAR, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $24 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1284. WOMEN’S PROTECTIVE ACTIVE FOOTWEAR, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $26 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1285. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1286. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH WATERPROOF SOLES, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $27 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1287. CHILDREN’S FOOTWEAR WITH WATERPROOF SOLES, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $18 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1288. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1290. MEN’S & BOYS’ GOLF SHOES WITH WATERPROOF SOLES. 
SEC. 1291. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR MADE ON A BASE OR PLATFORM OF WOOD. 
SEC. 1292. MEN’S OXFORD WORK FOOTWEAR WITH COMPOSITE SAFETY TOE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.21 Work footwear for men, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of leather, not covering the ankle, incorporating a protective toe cap of materials other than metal (provided for in subheading 6403.99.60) .. Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1293. MEN’S AND BOYS’ HOUSE SLIPPERS WITH LEATHER UPPERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1294. MEN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOTWEAR, VALUED AT $29 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
SEC. 1295. MEN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOTWEAR, VALUED AT $27 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.24 Footwear for men, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics; the foregoing other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like, and other than slipon footwear; such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $27/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric (provided for in subheading 6403.99.60) ............... 2.7% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1297. CHILDREN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATHER UPPERS, VALUED AT $20 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
SEC. 1298. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATHER UPPERS, VALUED AT $29 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.27 Footwear for women, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slipon footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $29/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) .............. 2.9% No change N o change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1300. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOTWEAR, VALUED AT $27 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.29 Footwear for women, with uppers of leather (other than of pigskin) and outer soles of rubber or plastics (other than house slippers, work footwear, tennis shoes, basketball shoes, gym shoes, training shoes and the like and other than slipon footwear); such footwear not covering the ankle, valued $27/pair or higher, designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection includes protection against water that is imparted by the use of a laminated textile fabric); the foregoing, if valued $29/pair or higher, other than footwear with openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6403.99.90) ...... 6.6% No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1301. CHILDREN’S WATERPROOF LEATHER FOOTWEAR, VALUED AT $18 PER PAIR OR OVER. 
SEC. 1304. ATHLETIC TYPE SHOES FOR BOYS, GIRLS, AND BABIES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1306. WOMEN’S SPORTS FOOTWEAR WITH WATERPROOF SOLES, VALUED OVER $20 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.35 Sports footwear for women, with outer soles of rubber or plastics and uppers of textile materials, valued over $20/pair, other than ski boots, cross country ski footwear and snowboard boots; such footwear designed to be worn in lieu of, but not over, other footwear as a protection against water, oil, grease or chemicals or cold or inclement weather where such protection is imparted by the use of a laminated textile and has openings in the bottom and/or side of the sole, or covered openings in the upper above the sole unit, or a combination thereof, designed to vent moisture (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90) .............. 12.6% No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1307. MEN’S SPORTS FOOTWEAR WITH WATERPROOF SOLES, VALUED OVER $20 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1309. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF LEATHER OR TEXTILES, COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1310. WOMEN’S WATERPROOF FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF LEATHER OR TEXTILES, NOT COVERING THE ANKLE, VALUED OVER $25 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.41 Footwear (other than for women) with uppers of vegetable fibers, with open toes or open heels, having uppers of which at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.36) .. Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1313. FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN WITH TEXTILE UPPERS, VALUED AT $15 PER PAIR OR HIGHER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.42 Footwear with outer soles of rubber or plastics, with uppers of textile material other than vegetable fibers and having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional note U.S. note 5 to chapter 64, with open toes or open heels or of the slipon type, weighing 10 percent or more of rubber or plastics, valued $15/pair or higher; the foregoing for women (other than house slippers) (provided for in subheading 6404.19.37) ......... Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1314. FOOTWEAR FOR WOMEN WITH TEXTILE UPPERS, VALUED BETWEEN $10 AND $14.99 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1316. WOMEN’S SHEEPSKIN FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF TEXTILES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.45 Footwear for women, with open toes or open heels, containing 10 percent or more by weight of rubber or plastics, with uppers of textile materials and having uppers in which at least 30 percent of the external surface area (including any sheepskin accessories or reinforcements such as those mentioned in note 4(a) to chapter 64) is sheepskin; the foregoing with outer soles of rubber or plastics and not having outer soles with textile materials having the greatest surface area in contact with the ground, but not taken into account under the terms of additional U.S. note 5 to chapter 64 (provided for in subheading 6404.19.39) ...... 34.6% No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1317. MEN’S, CHILDREN’S, AND INFANTS’ SHEEPSKIN FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF TEXTILES. 
SEC. 1318. CHILDREN’S FOOTWEAR WITH UPPERS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS. 
SEC. 1320. MEN’S FOOTWEAR, COVERING THE ANKLE BUT NOT THE KNEE VALUED OVER $24 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1321. OXFORD FOOTWEAR WITH TEXTILE UPPERS AND COMPOSITE TOES. 
SEC. 1322. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATHER SOLES AND TEXTILE UPPERS, VALUED AT NOT MORE THAN $20 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1323. WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR WITH LEATHER SOLES AND TEXTILE UPPERS, VALUED OVER $20 PER PAIR. 
SEC. 1324. MEN’S BOOTS FOR FISHING WADERS WITH FELT OUTSOLES. 
SEC. 1325. NOVELTY HOUSE SLIPPERS WITH SOUND OR LIGHT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.54 House slippers with outer soles and uppers of textile materials, each with antislip traction dots on the outer sole, incorporating a batteryoperated sound or light device (provided for in subheading 6405.20.90) Free No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1329. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, PLAITED AND SEWED. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.58 Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination thereof, plaited but not of plaited strips, sewed (provided for in subheading 6504.00.30) ......... 4.4% No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1330. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, SEWN BY ASSEMBLED STRIPS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.59 Hats and headgear of vegetable fibers, of unspun fibrous vegetable materials, of paper yarn or of any combination thereof, made by assembling strips and sewed (provided for in subheading 6504.00.30) .......... 1.9% No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1331. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, PLAITED, NOT SEWN. 
SEC. 1332. HATS OF VEGETABLE FIBERS, MADE BY ASSEMBLING STRIPS, NOT SEWN. 
SEC. 1333. HATS CONTAINING 23 PERCENT OR MORE OF WOOL. 
SEC. 1334. HATS CONTAINING LESS THAN 23 PERCENT OF WOOL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.65 Babies’ woven hats of manmade fibers, not in part of braid (provided for in subheading 6505.00.80) ........ Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.66 Umbrella frames, not presented with bases, the foregoing with aluminum center support poles of a length greater than 2.133 m, whether or not including a tilt function (provided for in subheading 6603.20.90) ...... 2.1% No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1339. PLASTIC PLANTS FOR AQUARIUMS, NOT GLUED OR BOUND. 
SEC. 1341. CATALYTIC CONVERTER NEEDLED BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS OF 10 MM OR MORE AND NOT OVER 3 PERCENT OF BINDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.70 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers, containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide and not over 3 percent of acrylic latex organic binder, of a basis weight greater than or equal to 1745 g/m
SEC. 1342. CATALYTIC CONVERTER BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS BETWEEN 5 MM AND 9.9 MM AND NOT OVER 3 PERCENT OF BINDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.71 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers, containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide and not over 3 percent by weight of acrylic latex organic binder, of a basis weight less than 1745 g/m
2, measuring 5.0 mm or more but not over 9.9 mm in thickness; presented in bulk, sheets or rolls, designed for use in motor vehicles of heading 8703 (provided for in subheading 6806.10.00). ............ 0.1% No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1343. CATALYTIC CONVERTER NEEDLED BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS BETWEEN 5 MM AND 9.9 MM AND BETWEEN 3 AND 7 PERCENT OF BINDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9902.14.72 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide, containing an acrylic latex organic binder of greater than 3 percent and less than 7 percent by weight, of a basis weight less than 1745 g/m
SEC. 1344. CATALYTIC CONVERTER NEEDLED BLANKET MATS WITH A THICKNESS OF 10 MM OR MORE AND BETWEEN 3 AND 7 PERCENT BINDER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.73 Catalytic converter needled blanket mats of ceramic fibers, containing over 65 percent by weight of aluminum oxide and 3 percent or more but less than 7 percent by weight of acrylic latex organic binder, measuring 10.0 mm or more in thickness, of a basis weight greater than or equal to 1745 g/m
SEC. 1346. GLASS BEADS FROM 3 TO 6 MM IN DIAMETER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.75 Glass in balls (other than microspheres of heading 7018), unworked and not comprising madeup articles, each measuring over 3 mm but not over 6 mm in diameter (provided for in subheading 7002.10.10) .......... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1353. BLOWN GLASS VASES MEASURING BETWEEN 15.2 CM AND 20.4 CM TALL. 
SEC. 1354. BLOWN GLASS VASES MEASURING BETWEEN 20.4 CM AND 25.4 CM TALL. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.86 Slivers of glass, containing over 90 percent silica by weight (provided for in subheading 7019.19.90) ......... Fre e No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1362. STRIPS CONSISTING OF SILVER, COPPER, AND ZINC. 
SEC. 1363. PINS AND METAL INSERTS, VALUED AT $0.20 EACH OR LESS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.92 Pins and metal inserts of iron, fully plated in gold, silver or bronze color, engraved or shaped to memorialize current year, replicate school mascots or symbolize academic, sport, fine arts and guard achievements, such pins or inserts valued not more than $0.20 each (provided for in subheading 7117.19.90) ...... Free No change No chan ge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.93 Ferroboron to be used for manufacturing amorphous metal strip (provided for in subheading 7202.99.80) ... Free No c hange No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1368. VACUUM STEEL HINGED LID PITCHERS NOT EXCEEDING 1L. 
SEC. 1371. METAL WIRE CAGES FOR PETS OTHER THAN DOGS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.10 Zinc diecast interior punches, each with a plastic exterior casing (provided for in subheading 7907.00.60) Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1386. NONCIRCULAR GEAR DRIVEN TWO HANDED PRUNING SHEARS. 
SEC. 1390. HAND TOOLS FOR APPLYING PLASTIC CLIP FASTENERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.22 Steel bench vises, weighing less than 13.5 kg, bolt mounted with a 180 degree swivel base and reversible jaw faces, having a jaw width (opening) between 13 and 14 cm (provided for in subheading 8205.70.00) .. Free No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1394. FIXED CARBIDE CUTTER AND ROLLER CONE DRILL BITS. 
SEC. 1395. FIXED DIAMOND CUTTER AND ROLLER CONE DRILL BITS. 
SEC. 1397. VACUUM STEEL LINED COFFEE SERVERS WITH LIDS. 
SEC. 1398. VACUUM STEEL INSULATED COFFEE SERVERS WITH BASES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.30 Scissors, valued over $1.75/dozen, designed for use in pet grooming and presented with attached retail labeling or put up for retail sale as goods designed to cut pet hair (provided for in subheading 8213.00.90) Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1403. NAIL CLIPPERS, NAIL NIPPERS, AND NAIL FILES. 
SEC. 1405. PADLOCKS OF BASE METAL IMPORTED IN BULK. 
SEC. 1409. STEAM TURBINES WITH AN OUTPUT BETWEEN 60 MW AND 120 MW. 
SEC. 1410. STEAM TURBINES WITH AN OUTPUT BETWEEN 27 MW AND 40 MW. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.44 Connecting rods designed for use in compressionignition internal combustion piston engines (diesel or semidiesel engines) for vehicles of subheading 8701.20 or heading 8702, 8703, or 8704, each rod measuring at least 20 cm but not exceeding 120 cm in length, at least 10 cm but not exceeding 60 cm in width, and at least 5 cm but not exceeding 90 cm in height (provided for in subheading 8409.99.91) ........ 0.4% No change No cha nge On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.47 Pistons suitable for use solely or principally with marine propulsion engines, such pistons each having a cast steel crown and aluminum body, weighing 12 kg or more (provided for in subheading 8409.99.92) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.54 Exhaust fans for permanent ceiling installation designed to be used in the bathroom, each containing an electric motor with an output wattage not exceeding 125 W, with or without a light, with volume flow between 1.35 m
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.59 Plastic grilles (provided for in subheading 8414.90.10), each incorporating a lightemitting diode (LED) light on the exterior perimeter capable of providing continuous light, certified by the importer as designed to be used with exhaust fans for permanent installation and generating 2.83 m
SEC. 1436. FLEXOGRAPHIC PRINTERS WITH PRINT SPEED LESS THAN 184 METERS PER MINUTE. 
SEC. 1438. SHUTTLELESS RAPIER POWER LOOMS TO WEAVE FABRICS. 
SEC. 1439. SHUTTLELESS, JET TYPE POWER LOOMS TO WEAVE FABRICS. 
SEC. 1445. CERTAIN TABLE SAWS WITH 10 INCH (25.4 CENTIMETER) BLADE. 
SEC. 1446. COMPOUND MITER SAW, 10 INCH, WITHOUT LASER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1448. ELECTRICAL ROTARY DRILL, HAMMER AND CHISELING TOOLS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.15.81 Rotary drill, hammer and chiseling tools with selfcontained electric motor, each with pneumatic hammering mechanism that engages with slotted drive drillbits and an electromechanical mechanism that separates the drive from the internal gearings, with rated amperage that does not exceed 15 A and with triaxial vibration values, measured in accordance with European Norm 60745, that do not exceed 9 m/s
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1457. SEGMENTED COMPRESSION MOLDS OF MORE THAN 25INCH RIM DIAMETER. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1464. USED CAMSHAFTS AND CRANKSHAFTS FOR DIESEL ENGINES. 
SEC. 1465. CRANKSHAFTS FOR ENGINES WITH CYLINDER CAPACITY EXCEEDING 19,000 CUBIC CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1468. FLEXPLATES FOR ENGINES WITH CYLINDER CAPACITY BETWEEN 6,000 AND 20,000 CUBIC CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1469. FLEXPLATES FOR ENGINES WITH CYLINDER CAPACITY BETWEEN 1,000 AND 5,900 CUBIC CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1474. MOTOR ASSEMBLIES FOR ELECTRIC BOX FANS WITH OUTPUT BETWEEN 37.5 WATTS AND 74.6 WATTS. 
SEC. 1475. MOTOR ASSEMBLIES FOR OSCILLATING FANS WITH OUTPUT BETWEEN 37.5 WATTS AND 72 WATTS. 
SEC. 1477. MOTOR ASSEMBLIES FOR AIR CIRCULATOR ELECTRIC FANS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.12 AC electric motors, single phase, of an output exceeding 74.6 W but not exceeding 95 W, such motors each equipped with a capacitor and a threespeed control switch (provided for in subheading 8501.40.40) ......... Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1479. ALTERNATING CURRENT MULTIPHASE SUBMERSIBLE PUMP MOTORS WITH OUTPUT BETWEEN 3 KILOWATTS AND 14.92 KILOWATTS. 
SEC. 1480. ALTERNATING CURRENT MULTIPHASE SUBMERSIBLE PUMP MOTORS WITH OUTPUT BETWEEN 149.2 KILOWATTS AND 150 KILOWATTS. 
SEC. 1482. ELECTRIC GENERATING SETS WITH NATURAL GAS ENGINES. 
SEC. 1487. ANNULAR SHAPED LITHIUM THIONYL CHLORIDE (LTC) BATTERIES. 
SEC. 1488. CYLINDRICAL SHAPED LITHIUM THIONYL CHLORIDE (LTC) BATTERIES. 
SEC. 1494. AUTOMATIC FOOD FEEDERS FOR DOGS AND CATS. 
SEC. 1495. AUTOMATIC PET WATERERS FOR DOGS AND CATS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1499. FOOD BEATERS DESIGNED TO ATTACH TO HANDHELD MIXERS. 
SEC. 1500. DOUGH HOOKS DESIGNED TO ATTACH TO HANDHELD MIXERS. 
SEC. 1502. METAL BOWLS FOR USE WITH FOOD STAND MIXERS WITH CAPACITY OF MORE THAN 4.7 LITERS AND NOT MORE THAN 8.6 LITERS. 
SEC. 1503. METAL BOWLS FOR USE WITH FOOD STAND MIXERS WITH CAPACITY OF MORE THAN 3.3 LITERS AND NOT MORE THAN 4.8 LITERS. 
SEC. 1508. BULB HEATERS WITH OR WITHOUT A FAN. 
SEC. 1515. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 53 TO 55 LITER CAPACITY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.49 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven capacity greater than 53 liters but not exceeding 55 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but not exceeding 31 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) .............. Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1516. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 58 TO 60 LITER CAPACITY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.50 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having an oven capacity of greater than 58 liters but not exceeding 60 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 30 cm but not exceeding 32 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1517. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 58 TO 60 LITER CAPACITY AND LARGE TURNTABLE PLATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.51 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having an oven capacity of greater than 58 liters but not exceeding 60 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 35 cm but not exceeding 37 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1518. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 53 TO 55 LITER CAPACITY AND LARGE TURNTABLE PLATES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.52 Microwave ovens with integral range hoods, of a kind used for domestic purposes, each having oven capacity of greater than 53 liters but not exceeding 55 liters, the foregoing having a glass turntable plate with a diameter greater than 35 cm but not exceeding 37 cm (provided for in subheading 8516.50.00) ...... Free No change No chang e On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1519. MICROWAVE HOODS WITH 56 TO 58 LITER CAPACITY. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1533. TOASTER OVENS WITH A POPUP TOASTER FEATURE. 
SEC. 1536. MULTICOOKER SLOW COOKERS WITH 5 COOKING FUNCTIONS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1537. MULTICOOKER SLOW COOKERS WITH 3 COOKING FUNCTIONS. 
SEC. 1542. ELECTRIC PRESSURE COOKERS RATED MORE THAN 1000 WATTS BUT NOT MORE THAN 1200 WATTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.76 Electrothermic pressure cookers of a kind used for domestic purposes, with a capacity of not less than 5 liters, rated more than 1000 W but not more than 1200 W (provided for in subheading 8516.79.00) ............ Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1544. ELECTRIC PRESSURE COOKERS RATED MORE THAN 1200 WATTS BUT NOT MORE THAN 1400 WATTS. 
SEC. 1545. ELECTRIC PRESSURE COOKERS RATED MORE THAN 800 WATTS BUT NOT MORE THAN 1000 WATTS. 
SEC. 1550. STEEL VACUUM PITCHERS WITH PLASTIC HINGED LID. 
SEC. 1551. FLAT PANEL LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISIONS FOR EXERCISE EQUIPMENT. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1552. GROUND FAULT CIRCUIT INTERRUPTERS RATED AT 15 AMPS. 
SEC. 1553. GROUND FAULT CIRCUIT INTERRUPTERS RATED AT 20 AMPS. 
SEC. 1554. ARC FAULT CIRCUIT INTERRUPTERS OR DUAL FUNCTION ARC FAULT AND GROUND FAULT CIRCUIT INTERRUPTERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.16.91 Printed circuit assemblies suitable for use solely with ground fault circuit interrupters (GFCIs) and arc fault circuit interrupters (AFCIs) of subheading 8536.30.80 (provided for in subheading 8538.90.30) ........... Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1558. LAMPS CONTAINING DEUTERIUM GAS WITHOUT RADIOFREQUENCY IDENTIFICATION (RFID). 
SEC. 1559. LAMPS CONTAINING DEUTERIUM GAS WITH RADIOFREQUENCY IDENTIFICATION (RFID). 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1566. USED GEAR BOXES FOR CERTAIN VEHICLES FOR THE TRANSPORTATION OF GOODS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1568. USED GEAR BOXES FOR CERTAIN OTHER VEHICLES. 
SEC. 1571. MUFFLERS AND EXHAUST PIPES AND PARTS THEREOF. 
SEC. 1580. PROJECTION LENSES WITH A FOCAL LENGTH OF 1.13 METERS OR MORE BUT NOT OVER 36.94 METERS. 
SEC. 1581. PROJECTION LENSES WITH A FOCAL LENGTH OF 19.68 MILLIMETERS OR MORE BUT NOT OVER 132 MILLIMETERS. 
SEC. 1584. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING NOT OVER 58.42 CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1585. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING OVER 58.42 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 78.74 CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1586. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING OVER 78.74 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 81.28 CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1587. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING OVER 81.28 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 99.06 CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1588. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING OVER 99.06 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 101.6 CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1589. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING OVER 101.6 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 124.46 CENTIMETERS. 
SEC. 1590. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING OVER 124.46 CENTIMETERS BUT NOT OVER 137.16 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1591. LIQUID CRYSTAL DISPLAY (LCD) TELEVISION PANEL ASSEMBLIES WITH A VIDEO DISPLAY DIAGONAL MEASURING OVER 137.16 CENTIMETERS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.34 Digital multimeters, each having 8.5 digit resolution and having a recording device, certified by the importer as having 3 ppm direct current volts (DCV) accuracy (provided for in subheading 9030.32.00) .......... Free No change No c hange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1600. IMPEDANCE ANALYZERS HAVING A FREQUENCY RANGE OF 20 HERTZ TO 120 MEGAHERTZ. 
SEC. 1601. ELECTROMAGNETIC INTERFERENCE RECEIVERS HAVING A FREQUENCY BAND RANGE OF 3 HERTZ TO 44 GIGAHERTZ. 
SEC. 1603. LOCAL AREA NETWORK EXTENSIONS FOR INSTRUMENTATION (LXI) DATA ACQUISITION AND SWITCH UNITS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.38 Local area network (LAN) eXtensions for Instrumentation (LXI) data acquisition/switch units, each having both a universal serial bus (USB) and LAN terminal using the LXI standard, having a 3slot mainframe in rear for plugin modules, capable of measuring 11 different input signals and having a builtin digital multimeter (DMM) with 61/2 digits (22 bits) of resolution (provided for in subheading 9030.89.01). ........... Free No change No  change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.43 Mechanical clock movements, presented complete and assembled, valued over $5 each, suitable for use in the production of grandfather clocks, wall clocks or mantel clocks (provided for in subheading 9109.90.60) Free No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1610. PILLOWS, CUSHIONS, AND SIMILAR FURNISHINGS OF COTTON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.45 Pillows, cushions and similar furnishings of cotton, each measuring over 4,000 cm
SEC. 1611. PILLOWS, CUSHIONS, AND SIMILAR FURNISHINGS OF MATERIAL OTHER THAN COTTON. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.46 Pillows, cushions and similar furnishings, the foregoing of materials other than cotton, each measuring over 4,000 cm
SEC. 1612. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) HANGING LAMPS WITH TOTAL INTERNAL REFLECTION. 
SEC. 1613. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) LAMPS, MOUNTING OPTIONS, BASES, CLAMPS, AND MOUNTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1614. ELECTRIC TABLE OR DESK LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) TASK LAMPS WITH BALL JOINTS. 
SEC. 1615. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) TASK LAMPS THAT REFLECT LIGHT FROM LED. 
SEC. 1616. LIGHT EMITTING DIODE (LED) MOTION ACTIVATED SECURITY LANTERNS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.51 Light emitting diode (LED) motionactivated security lantern kits, of a kind used for exterior lighting, such lanterns of base metal and having antique bronze finish, each with frosted glass, with an integrated photocell and motion sensor, and with a wall mounting bracket (provided for in subheading 9405.40.60) ......... 3.8% No change No ch ange On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
SEC. 1620. SKI BINDINGS VALUED NOT MORE THAN $55 EACH. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1621. GOLF CLUB DRIVER HEADS WITH A LOFT OF 9.5 DEGREES. 
SEC. 1622. GOLF CLUB DRIVER HEADS WITH A LOFT OVER 9.5 DEGREES. 
SEC. 1623. GOLF CLUB DRIVER HEADS WITH A LOFT UNDER 9.5 DEGREES. 
SEC. 1626. GOLF CLUB WEDGE HEADS WITH A LOFT OF 56 DEGREES OR LESS. 
SEC. 1627. GOLF CLUB IRON HEADS OF 6IRONS AND 7IRONS. 
SEC. 1628. GOLF CLUB IRON HEADS OF 8IRONS AND 9IRONS. 
SEC. 1629. GOLF CLUB HEADS WITH A LOFT GREATER THAN 56 DEGREES. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
‘‘ 9902.17.77 Inflatable basketballs, each with an outer surface of rubber (provided for in subheading 9506.62.80) ......... 2.5%  No change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.17.78 Noninflatable hollow racquetballs, not over 19 cm in diameter (provided for in subheading 9506.69.40) ...... Free N o change No change On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1648. CERTAIN ADJUSTABLE DUMBBELLS WITH ROTATING SINGLE HANDLE GRIPS. 
SEC. 1650. CERTAIN ADJUSTABLE DUMBBELLS WITH ROTATING END DIALS. 
SEC. 1653. BOXING AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTS (MMA) PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT. 
SEC. 1654. FISHING RODS, 1PIECE, OF FIBERGLASS AND GRAPHITE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
SEC. 1655. FISHING REELS VALUED MORE THAN $2.70 BUT NOT MORE THAN $8.45, PRESPOOLED, WITH ROD. 
SEC. 1659. VACUUM GLASS LINED STEEL COFFEE SERVERS OVER 2 LITERS. 
SEC. 1660. VACUUM GLASS COFFEE SERVERS WITH TOP LEVER ACTION. 
SEC. 1661. VACUUM GLASS LINED COFFEE SERVERS WITH SIGHT GAUGE. 
SEC. 1662. VACUUM STEEL LINED COFFEE SERVERS WITH SIGHT GAUGE. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the following new heading: ‘‘ 9902.18.03 Tripods of plastics designed for use with digital still image video cameras of subheading 8525.80.40, the foregoing measuring 12 cm or more but not over 20 cm in length (provided for in subheading 9620.00.50) Free No change No change  On or before 12/31/2020 .... ’’. 
The amendments made by this Act apply to goods entered, or withdrawn from warehouse for consumption, on or after the 30th day after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 14, 2026’’ and inserting ‘‘April 22, 2026’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 4318, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here today to speak in support of H.R. 4318, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill will provide long awaited tariff relief to our American manufacturers, who require certain inputs that are simply not made in the United States. Forcing them to pay tariffs for these inputs runs up their manufacturing costs and makes them uncompetitive compared to manufacturers in other countries. It also limits their ability to create more goodpaying jobs here at home. For companies in my home State of Michigan, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act will provide nearly $27 million in cost savings, which can, instead, be used to employ more Americans, create new products, and boost the United States economy. For years, American manufacturers have been asking Congress for tariff relief to help them reduce costs, create jobs, and compete globally. Today, we can take critical steps in delivering that relief. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act has historically had broad bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress as a means to bolster U.S. manufacturing and competitiveness. Right now, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act has been expired for more than 5 years. I am pleased that today we are finally able to consider updating this bill. The Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act is designed to provide relief to domestic firms by reducing or lifting tariffs on imported goods, as long as those goods are not produced here in the United States of America. It is estimated that this legislation will provide more than $1 billion in tariff relief to U.S. businesses. Many of these businesses are needlessly paying more to acquire inputs to manufactured products here in the United States. My home State of New Jersey will benefit greatly from this program, with firms projected to save more than $100 million over the course of a 3year program. As a result, these New Jersey companies will receive a competitive boost and will be able to use their resources more productively, whether by raising wages or investing in research and development. Consider ICF Mercantile, located in Fort Lee, New Jersey, which will obtain duty relief on hightenacity rayon yarn, an input for material used for naval defense systems. Unfortunately, this specialty yarn has not been produced domestically in 20 years. That means that removing the tariff here would help, not hurt, U.S. industry. New Jersey has a robust presence of chemical companies—it is our largest industry—employing directly or indirectly over 100,000 jobs. Several of those firms will receive tariff relief from numerous imported chemicals that I dare not try to pronounce. All of these folks who like their antipasti, their Italian subs, salad, or pizza with some extra heat will be pleased to enjoy tariff relief on little green pepperoncini, either packed in oil or not. The Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act is also intended to carefully prevent domestic companies from being harmed. Under the current process, the International Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce analyzed whether products are currently or could be eminently produced in the United States. If such production or potential for production was found, the ITC recommends excluding that product. The American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act, which passed in 2016 with only two votes against it in the House, established the current process that invites U.S. firms to submit petitions that the ITC, the Department of Commerce, and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection analyze, vet, and recommend to Congress for inclusion or exclusion. I would like to thank each agency for its hard work in coordination with Congress throughout the process. Boosting the competitiveness of American manufacturers and manufacturing workers should be one of our highest priorities in Congress. The Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act is a program that helps do that, and I want to make sure its impact is maximized. This bill covers more than 1,600 products compared to the previous MTB, which covered only half as many products. Because this is the first time that this new process has been used, I am interested in reviewing both the process and, more importantly, the results, and working together with those who have constructive suggestions for any improvements that can be made. But I also want to note that this program is not enough. We, as a Congress and as a nation, need to be doing more in looking for opportunities to enhance American competitiveness meaningfully. The global economic environment is not just tough, but it is becoming more and more challenging and hostile to our companies and our workers. b1700 I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting a bill that will provide some important relief to U.S. firms across the country. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the folks on the other side. We have worked very closely on this legislation over a number of years, and it is finally coming to fruition. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, first of all, we need to ask ourselves, what does H.R. 4318 do, 
the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act? It is going to make it easier for American manufacturers to compete globally. As my friend, Mr. PASCRELL , has just said to you, for so many years, we have put ourselves at the wrong end of the way things should work. We add tariffs, we add taxes on the people who manufacture. This is a commonsense bill. In every measurable way, our country and our people are the beneficiaries of this bill. Now, through this legislation, Congress will be able to reduce or totally suspend the tariffs, which are essentially a tax. At the end of the day, by giving tariff relief to U.S. businesses, this will reduce manufacturing costs, therefore, making products more competitive for U.S. consumers. It is a win win for America’s consumers and for American workers. For decades, Congress has passed this type of legislation to boost the competitiveness of U.S. manufacturing by lowering the cost of imported goods without unnecessarily harming U.S. based companies that produce competing products. Now, let me just take, for example, a company back in Pennsylvania, Lasko Products. Mr. PASCRELL and I sat in a hearing and we listened to these folks as they talked about what makes them competitive, what takes them off the shelf where they can’t compete, and too often it was their own country that was making it difficult. Lasko is an 11 yearold company. They employ 1,000 people. Now, Mr. McCasey, who is the chief operating officer, came and talked to us. When you hear what goes on with Lasko—this is in his words, and I think this is where we have to really concentrate—Mr. McCasey says: We are in a business of pennies and can sometimes lose the sale of a fan to an overseas competitor due to a cost differential of 20 to 30 cents. So what is it that Lasko makes? It makes fans. Seventytwo percent of their fans are portable fans. Why in the world would their own government make it harder for them to compete in a global economy? It makes absolutely no sense. We have come together, both sides, in agreement that, if there is something that we can do, why wouldn’t we do it? Why wouldn’t we make it easier for our own companies to compete? Why wouldn’t we make it easier not just for us to compete, why wouldn’t we make it easier for us to win, and win in big ways? This piece of legislation is so commonsense. There is nothing in it that both sides don’t agree on. Quite frankly, and I agree with Mr. PASCRELL , this is the first step, but we have got to go even further. When we see what has happened in our country since last year, the Trump administration’s policies and the numbers that we have seen rising and escalating at such an ascent that we didn’t ever expect this to happen this quickly, when we see America winning again, we know that that means America’s workers, every man and woman, everybody in America benefits through this legislation because we make ourselves competitive on the global stage. There is no reason for America ever to take a backseat to anybody else in the world, and we do it through commonsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and Mr. PASCRELL . It is good to be on the same team. It is good to be winning and keeping America winning as we go forward. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, American manufacturers have been put at a disadvantage because they are forced to pay tariffs on products they need but are not made in the United States. This has increased their costs, limited their ability to create new jobs, and decreased their competitive edge. Today we have the opportunity to change that by passing the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill would deliver the tariff relief our manufacturers need to strengthen their competitive edge, create new, goodpaying jobs, provide more benefits to their employees, and boost the American economy. At the same time, because relief is temporary, we continue to create an incentive for United States manufacturers to decide to make these products here at home. For years, American manufacturers have been asking for tariff relief. Today we can do our part to deliver it. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following: 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 16, 2018. MR. S PEAKER : Consistent with section 3(b)(3)(F) of the American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–159), attached, please find a list of petitions recommended by the International Trade Commission in its final report but excluded from the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act of 2018 (H.R. 4318) due to Member objections. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways & Means. RICHARD E. N EAL, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways & Means. The following petitions were objected to by Mr. Bucshon (IN): Petition 1566, Tabletennis tables of aluminumclad particleboard; Petition 2692, TableTennis Table with Metal Legs; Petition 2708, TableTennis Table with Metal Legs; and Petition 2733, TableTennis Table with Metal Legs. The following petitions were objected to by Mr. McCaul (TX): Petition 2928, Certain Ductless Mini Split Air Conditioners; Petition 2660, Air Conditioning Units; and Petition 2656, SelfContained Air Conditioning Units. The following petitions were objected to by Senator Brown (OH) and Senator Graham (SC): Petition 1920, Boys’ Cotton Woven Blue Denim Jacket; Petition 1891, Girls’ Cotton Blue Denim Skirts or Divided Skirts; Petition 948, Beach Shelters; Petition 949, Tents with Floor and integrated LED Lighting; Petition 950, Tents with Automatic Window Rollers; Petition 954, Tents with Hinged Doors; and Petition 957, Tent Shelters Without Floors and with LED Lighting. The following petitions were also objected to by Senator Brown (OH): Petition 1950, SixSided Screen Houses, and Petition 1952, SixSided Canopies. The following petition was objected to by Senator Donnelly (IN): Petition 1579, Akolidine; Pyridine, Alkyl Derivatives Unspecified. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4318, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ALEX DIEKMANN PEAK DESIGNATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 117) to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 117 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The unnamed 9,765foot peak located 2.2 miles westnorthwest of Finger Mountain on the western boundary of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness, Montana (UTM coordinates Zone 12, 457966 E., 4982589 N.), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the peak described in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act of 2017, introduced by Senator STEVE DAINES from Montana, would designate an unnamed peak in the Lee Metcalf Wilderness in my home State of Montana the Alex Diekmann Peak. Alex Diekmann was a renowned conservationist who lived in Bozeman, Montana. He dedicated his professional life to protecting the scenic resources of more than 50 district areas in Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho and conserving more than 100,000 acres. Mr. Diekmann brought together communities, landowners, sportsmen, and the general public in his conservation efforts and contributed to the future of natural treasures, such as the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, Glacier National Park, and the CabinetYaak Ecosystem. Mr. Diekmann left a noteworthy impact on the preservation of natural wonders in and near the Madison Valley and Madison Range of Montana. This pristine area is home to majestic scenery, fishing, wildlife, and recreational opportunities that will remain conserved and accessible to the public thanks to Alex’s diligent work. Mr. Diekmann lost his heroic battle with cancer on February 1, 2016, at the age of 52. He is survived by his wife, Lisa, and their two sons, Logan and Liam. He leaves a legacy of conservation across Montana and the northern Rockies that will continue to benefit the United States for generations to come. The designation of this unnamed peak in the Lee Metcalf Wilderness in Montana will honor the life and legacy of Alex Diekmann. I thank Alex for his work on behalf of the American people and look forward to paying tribute to him by hiking Alex Diekmann Peak this coming summer with my wife and those of my children who can join us. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 117 designates a peak in the Beaverhead National Forest as the Alex Diekmann Peak. Alex Diekmann was a renowned conservationist who lived in Bozeman, Montana, not far from the Beaverhead National Forest and the peak that will soon bear his name. As a senior project manager for The Trust for Public Land, Mr. Diekmann dedicated his professional life to protecting the natural and scenic resources of the northern Rockies. His conservation legacy is apparent throughout Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho, where he was directly involved in the conservation of more than 100,000 acres of public and private lands. At the age of 52, Mr. Diekmann lost a heroic battle with cancer on February 1, 2016. To honor his enduring legacy, this bill renames a peak in the Lee Metcalf Wilderness in Montana as the Alex Diekmann Peak. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by encouraging my colleagues to vote in support of the naming of Alex Diekmann Peak in S. 117. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii for her help on this, and I would also urge my colleagues to vote for the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for S. 117, the Alex Diekmann Peak Designation Act. Although I didn’t work with Alex Diekmann personally, I am very familiar with the work that the Trust for Public Land has done across the West, and I have been told of all of Alex’s individual achievements in protecting important wildlife corridors, flyfishing streams, and ecosystems across Montana and the Northern Rockies. He spent the better part of two decades making the American West better, protecting landscapes within the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem and securing places for our children’s children to enjoy. This legislation is a fitting memorial to Alex Diekmann’s life and legacy, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 117. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PERSHING COUNTY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AND CONSERVATION ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1107) to promote conservation, improve public land management, and provide for sensible development in Pershing County, Nevada, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1107 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pershing County Economic Development and Conservation Act’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—CHECKERBOARD LAND RESOLUTION Sec. 101. Findings. Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. Sale or exchange of eligible land. Sec. 104. Disposition of proceeds. TITLE II—LAND CONVEYANCES AND TRANSFERS Sec. 201. Conveyances of covered land. Sec. 202. Conveyance of land for use as a public cemetery. TITLE III—WILDERNESS AREAS Sec. 301. Additions to the National Wilderness Preservation System. Sec. 302. Administration. Sec. 303. Wildlife management. Sec. 304. Release of wilderness study areas. Sec. 305. Native American cultural and religious uses. 
In this Act: (1) COUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Pershing County, Nevada. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) STATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Nevada. (4) WILDERNESS AREA .—The term ‘‘wilderness area’’ means a wilderness area designated by section 301(a). TITLE I—CHECKERBOARD LAND RESOLUTION 
Congress finds that— (1) since the passage of the Act of July 1, 1862 (12 Stat. 489, chapter 120) (commonly known as the ‘‘Pacific Railway Act of 1862’’), under which railroad land grants along the Union Pacific Railroad rightofway created a checkerboard land pattern of alternating public land and privately owned land, management of the land in the checkerboard area has been a constant source of frustration for both private landholders and the Federal Government; (2) management of Federal land in the checkerboard area has been costly and difficult for the Federal land management agencies, creating a disincentive to manage the land effectively; (3) parcels of land within the checkerboard area in the County will not vary significantly in appraised value by acre due to the similarity of highest and best use in the County; and (4) consolidation of appropriate land within the checkerboard area through sales and as acreforacre exchanges for development and Federal management will— (A) help improve the tax base of the County; and (B) simplify management for the Federal Government. 
In this title: (1) ELIGIBLE LAND .—The term ‘‘eligible land’’ means— (A) any land administered by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management that is within the area identified on the Map as ‘‘Checkerboard Lands Resolution Area’’ that 
is designated for disposal by the Secretary through— (i) the Winnemucca Consolidated Resource Management Plan; or (ii) any subsequent amendment or revision to the management plan that is undertaken with full public involvement; and (B) the land identified on the Map as ‘‘Additional Lands Eligible for Disposal’’. (2) MAP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Pershing County Checkerboard Lands Resolution’’ and dated February 9, 2017. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF CONVEYANCE .—Not withstanding sections 202 and 203, subsections (b) through (i) of section 206, and section 209 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712, 1713, 1716, 1719), the Secretary, in cooperation with the County, in accordance with this Act and any other applicable law, and subject to valid existing rights, shall conduct sales or exchanges of the eligible land. (b) JOINT SELECTION REQUIRED .—The Sec retary and the County shall jointly select which parcels of eligible land to offer for sale or exchange under subsection (a). (c) COMPLIANCE WITHLOCAL PLANNING AND  ZONING LAWS.—Before carrying out a sale or exchange under subsection (a), the County shall submit to the Secretary a certification that qualified bidders have agreed to comply with— (1) local zoning ordinances; and (2) any master plan for the area approved by the County. (d) METHOD OF SALE OR EXCHANGE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The sale or exchange of eligible land under subsection (a) shall be— (A) consistent with subsections (b), (d), and (f) of section 203 and section 206(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1713, 1716(a)); and (B) conducted through— (i) a sale, which shall be— (I) through a competitive bidding process, under which adjoining landowners are offered the first option, unless otherwise determined by the Secretary; (II) for not less than fair market value, based on an appraisal in accordance with the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice; and (III) conducted in accordance with subsection (f); or (ii) subject to paragraph (3), an acrefor acre exchange for private land located within a Management Priority Area identified under paragraph (4)(A). (2) MASS APPRAISAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (A) conduct a mass appraisal of the eligible land to determine whether any parcel of eligible land is likely valued at equal to or greater than $500 per acre (in 2017 constant dollars, as measured by the Consumer Price Index); and (B) make available to the public the results of the mass appraisal conducted under subparagraph (A). (3) EXCLUSION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that a parcel of eligible land is likely valued at equal to or greater than $500 per acre (in 2017 constant dollars, as measured by the Consumer Price Index) under paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary shall exclude that parcel from the acreforacre exchange described in paragraph (1)(B)(ii). (B) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—If a mass appraisal of eligible land under paragraph (2)(A) is not finalized, or uptodate and publicly available, before an acrefor acre exchange described in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) is completed, the Secretary may finalize the exchange if the Secretary publishes in the Federal Register— (i) a determination stating that the one or more parcels of eligible land included in the exchange are likely valued at less than $500 per acre (in 2017 constant dollars, as measured by the Consumer Price Index); and (ii) a description of the methodology used to arrive at that determination. (4) MANAGEMENT PRIORITY AREAS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, for the purpose of the exchanges authorized under paragraph (1)(B)(ii), the Secretary— (i) shall identify Management Priority Areas within the Checkerboard Lands Resolution Area, as identified on the Map, that are considered by the Secretary to be— (I) greater sagegrouse habitat; (II) part of an identified wildlife corridor or designated critical habitat; (III) of value for outdoor recreation or public access for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes; (IV) of significant cultural, historic, ecological, or scenic value; or (V) of value for improving Federal land management; and (ii) as appropriate, may identify additional management priority areas in the County any time after the identification under clause (i) is completed. (B) LIMITATION .—Management of Federal land within any Management Priority Area identified under subparagraph (A) shall not be changed based solely on that identification. (e) WITHDRAWAL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights and mining claims for which the claims maintenance fees have been paid in the applicable assessment year, effective on the date on which a parcel of eligible land is selected for sale or exchange under subsection (b), that parcel is withdrawn from— (A) all forms of entry and appropriation under the public land laws, including the mining laws; (B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (C) operation of the mineral leasing and geothermal leasing laws. (2) TERMINATION .—The withdrawal of a parcel of eligible land under paragraph (1) shall terminate— (A) on the date of sale or, in the case of exchange, the conveyance of title of the parcel of eligible land under this title; or (B) with respect to any parcel of eligible land selected for sale or exchange under subsection (b) that is not sold or exchanged, not later than 2 years after the date on which the parcel was offered for sale or exchange under this title. (f) PARAMETERS FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE .— (1) SALES .— (A) DEADLINE .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once per year thereafter until the date on which the limitation in subparagraph (B) has been reached or the date on which the County requests a postponement under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall offer for sale the parcels of eligible land jointly selected under subsection (b). (B) LIMITATION .—The total acreage of eligible land sold under this title shall consist of not more than 150,000 acres of eligible land. (2) DEADLINE FOR EXCHANGES .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), not later than 1 year after the date on which the Management Priority Areas are identified under subsection (d)(4)(A), and not less frequently than once per year thereafter until the date on which all of the parcels of eligible land have been disposed of or the date on which the County requests a postponement under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall offer for exchange the parcels of eligible land jointly selected under subsection (b). (3) POSTPONEMENT ; EXCLUSION FOR SALE OR  
OR EXCLUSION .—At the request of the County, the Secretary shall postpone or exclude from a sale or exchange all or a portion of the eligible land jointly selected under subsection (b). (B) INDEFINITE POSTPONEMENT .—Unless specifically requested by the County, a postponement under subparagraph (A) shall not be indefinite. (C) POSTPONEMENT OR EXCLUSION BY THE  
SECRETARY .—The Secretary may postpone or exclude from a sale or exchange all or a portion of the eligible land jointly selected under subsection (b) for emergency ecological or safety reasons. 
(a) D ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Of the proceeds from the sale of land under section 103 or 201— (1) 5 percent shall be disbursed to the State for use in the general education program of the State; (2) 10 percent shall be disbursed to the County for use as determined through normal County budgeting procedures; and (3) the remainder shall be deposited in a special account in the Treasury of the United States, to be known as the ‘‘Pershing County Special Account’’, which shall be available to the Secretary, in consultation with the County, for— (A) the reimbursement of costs incurred by the Department of the Interior in preparing for the sale or exchange of the eligible land, including— (i) the costs of surveys and appraisals; and (ii) the costs of compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and sections 202 and 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712, 1713); (B) the conduct of wildlife habitat conservation and restoration projects, including projects that benefit the greater sagegrouse in the County; (C) a project or activity carried out in the County to address drought conditions; (D) the implementation of wildfire presuppression and restoration projects in the County; (E) the acquisition of environmentally sensitive land or interests in environmentally sensitive land in the County; (F) projects that secure public access to Federal land for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes through easements or rightsofway in the County; and (G) the conduct of any surveys related to the designation of the wilderness areas under title III. (b) INVESTMENT OF SPECIAL ACCOUNT .—Any amounts deposited in the special account established under subsection (a)(3)— (1) shall earn interest in an amount determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, based on the current average market yield on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States of comparable maturities; and (2) may be expended by the Secretary in accordance with this section. (c) REPORTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning with fiscal year 2020, and once every 5 fiscal years thereafter, not later than 60 days after the last day of the preceding fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit to the State, the County, and the appropriate committees of Congress a report on 
the operation of the special account established under subsection (a)(3) for the preceding 5 fiscal years. (2) CONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the fiscal year covered by the report— (A) a statement of the amounts deposited into the special account; (B) a description of the expenditures made from the special account for the fiscal year, including the purpose of the expenditures; (C) recommendations for additional authorities to fulfill the purpose of the special account; and (D) a statement of the balance remaining in the special account at the end of the fiscal year. TITLE II—LAND CONVEYANCES AND TRANSFERS 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COVERED LAND .—The term ‘‘covered land’’ means any Federal land or interest in Federal land in the County identified on the Map as ‘‘Covered Land’’. (2) MAP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Pershing County Land Conveyances and Transfers’’ and dated February 9, 2017. (3) QUALIFIED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘qualified entity’’ means, with respect to a portion of covered land— (A) the owner of the mining claims, millsites, or tunnel sites on a portion of the covered land on the date of enactment of this Act; (B) the lessee, or other successor in interest of the owner— (i) with the right of possession of the mining claims, millsites, or tunnel sites on the covered land; (ii) that has paid (or whose agent has paid) the annual claim maintenance fee or filed a maintenance fee waiver on or before September 1, 2017, with the authority or consent of the owner, for the upcoming assessment year for the mining claims, millsites, or tunnel sites within the exterior boundary of the portion of covered land, as determined based on the claim maintenance fee records of the Bureau of Land Management as of the date of introduction of this Act; and (iii) that has the authority or consent of the owner to acquire the portion of covered land; or (C) a subsequent successor to the interest of a qualified entity in the covered land that has the authority or consent of the owner to acquire the portion of covered land. (b) LANDCONVEYANCES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), notwithstanding the inventory and land use planning requirements of sections 201 and 202 or the sales provisions of section 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1711, 1712, 1713), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act and subject to valid existing rights held by third parties and any mining claims, millsite, or tunnel site of a qualified entity applicable to the covered land, the Secretary shall offer for sale to qualified entities, for fair market value, the remaining right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered land. (2) CONVEYANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the acceptance of an offer under paragraph (1) by a qualified entity and completion of a sale for all or part of the covered land to a qualified entity, the Secretary, by delivery of an appropriate deed, patent, or other valid instrument of conveyance, shall convey to the qualified entity, all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the applicable portion of the covered land. (3) MERGER .—Subject to valid existing rights held by third parties, on delivery of the instrument of conveyance to the qualified entity under paragraph (2), any prior interests in the locatable minerals and the right to use the surface for mineral purposes held by the qualified entity under a mining claim, millsite, tunnel site, or any other Federal land use authorization applicable to the covered land conveyed to the qualified entity shall merge with all right, title, and interest conveyed to the qualified entity by the United States under this section to ensure that the qualified entity receives fee simple title to the purchased covered land. (4) APPRAISAL TO DETERMINE FAIR MARKET  
VALUE .—The Secretary shall determine the fair market value of the covered land to be conveyed under this subsection in accordance with— (A) the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and (B) the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. (5) COSTS.—As a condition of the conveyance of the covered land under this section, the qualified entity shall pay all costs related to the conveyance of the covered land conveyed, including the costs of surveys and other administrative costs associated with the conveyance. (6) AVAILABILITY OF MAP .—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (7) MINOR CORRECTIONS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the County, may correct minor errors in the Map or a description of the covered land. (c) DISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Any amounts collected under this section shall be disposed of in accordance with section 104. (d) TERMINATION .—The authority of the Secretary to sell covered land under this section shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 202. CONVEYANCE OF LAND FOR USE AS A PUBLIC CEMETERY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall convey to the County, without consideration, the Federal land described in subsection (b). (b) DESCRIPTION OF FEDERAL LAND.—The Federal land referred to in subsection (a) is the approximately 10 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Unionville Cemetery’’ on the Map. (c) USE OF CONVEYED LAND.—The Federal land conveyed under subsection (a) shall be used by the County as a public cemetery. TITLE III—WILDERNESS AREAS 
SEC. 301. ADDITIONS TO THE NATIONAL WILDERNESS PRESERVATION SYSTEM. 
(a) A DDITIONS .—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following parcels of Federal land in the State are designated as wilderness and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: (1) CAIN MOUNTAIN WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 12,339 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Cain Mountain Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Cain Mountain Wilderness’’. (2) BLUEWING WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 24,900 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Bluewing Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Bluewing Wilderness’’. (3) SELENITE PEAK WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 22,822 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Selenite Peak Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Selenite Peak Wilderness’’. (4) MOUNT LIMBO WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 11,855 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Mt. Limbo Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Mount Limbo Wilderness’’. (5) NORTH SAHWAVE WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 13,875 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed North Sahwave Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘North Sahwave Wilderness’’. (6) GRANDFATHERS ’ WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 35,339 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Grandfathers’ Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Grandfathers’ Wilderness’’. (7) FENCEMAKER WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 14,942 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Fencemaker Wilderness’’ and dated February 9, 2017, which shall be known as the ‘‘Fencemaker Wilderness’’. (b) BOUNDARY .—The boundary of any portion of a wilderness area that is bordered by a road shall be 100 feet from the centerline of the road. (c) MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal description of each wilderness area. (2) EFFECT .—Each map and legal description prepared under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct clerical and typographical errors in the map or legal description. (3) AVAILABILITY .—Each map and legal description prepared under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. (4) WITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, the wilderness areas designated by subsection (a) are withdrawn from— (A) all forms of entry, appropriation, and disposal under the public land laws; (B) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (C) disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials. 
(a) M ANAGEMENT .—Subject to valid existing rights, the wilderness areas shall be administered by the Secretary in accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that— (1) any reference in that Act to the effective date shall be considered to be a reference to the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) any reference in that Act to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be considered to be a reference to the Secretary. (b) LIVESTOCK .—The grazing of livestock in the wilderness areas, if established before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be allowed to continue, subject to such reasonable regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary considers to be necessary in accordance with— (1) section 4(d)(4) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(4)); and (2) the guidelines set forth in Appendix A of the report of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs of the House of Representatives accompanying H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (House Report 101–405). (c) INCORPORATION OF ACQUIRED LAND AND  INTERESTS .—Any land or interest in land 
within the boundary of a wilderness area that is acquired by the United States after the date of enactment of this Act shall be added to and administered as part of the wilderness area. (d) ADJACENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Congress does not intend for the designation of the wilderness areas to create protective perimeters or buffer zones around the wilderness areas. (2) NONWILDERNESS ACTIVITIES .—The fact that nonwilderness activities or uses can be seen or heard from areas within a wilderness area shall not preclude the conduct of those activities or uses outside the boundary of the wilderness area. (e) MILITARY OVERFLIGHTS .—Nothing in this Act restricts or precludes— (1) lowlevel overflights of military aircraft over the wilderness areas, including military overflights that can be seen or heard within the wilderness areas; (2) flight testing and evaluation; or (3) the designation or creation of new units of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the wilderness areas. (f) WILDFIRE , INSECT , ANDDISEASE MANAGE MENT .—In accordance with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)), the Secretary may take such measures in the wilderness areas as are necessary for the control of fire, insects, and diseases (including, as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, the coordination of the activities with a State or local agency). (g) CLIMATOLOGICAL DATA COLLECTION .—In accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.) and subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may authorize the installation and maintenance of hydrologic, meteorologic, or climatological data collection devices in the wilderness areas if the Secretary determines that the facilities and access to the facilities are essential to flood warning, flood control, or water reservoir operation activities. (h) WATER RIGHTS .— (1) FINDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) the wilderness areas are located— (i) in the semiarid region of the Great Basin; and (ii) at the headwaters of the streams and rivers on land with respect to which there are few, if any— (I) actual or proposed water resource facilities located upstream; and (II) opportunities for diversion, storage, or other uses of water occurring outside the land that would adversely affect the wilderness values of the land; (B) the wilderness areas are generally not suitable for use or development of new water resource facilities; and (C) because of the unique nature of the wilderness areas, it is possible to provide for proper management and protection of the wilderness and other values of land in ways different from those used in other laws. (2) PURPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to protect the wilderness values of the wilderness areas by means other than a federally reserved water right. (3) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act— (A) constitutes an express or implied reservation by the United States of any water or water rights with respect to the wilderness areas; (B) affects any water rights in the State (including any water rights held by the United States) in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; (C) establishes a precedent with regard to any future wilderness designations; (D) affects the interpretation of, or any designation made under, any other Act; or (E) limits, alters, modifies, or amends any interstate compact or equitable apportionment decree that apportions water among and between the State and other States. (4) NEVADA WATER LAW .—The Secretary shall follow the procedural and substantive requirements of State law in order to obtain and hold any water rights not in existence on the date of enactment of this Act with respect to the wilderness areas. (5) NEW PROJECTS .— (A) DEFINITION OF WATER RESOURCE FACIL ITY.— (i) IN GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘water resource facility’’ means irrigation and pumping facilities, reservoirs, water conservation works, aqueducts, canals, ditches, pipelines, wells, hydropower projects, transmission and other ancillary facilities, and other water diversion, storage, and carriage structures. (ii) EXCLUSION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘water resource facility’’ does not include wildlife guzzlers. (B) RESTRICTION ON NEW WATER RESOURCE  
FACILITIES .—Except as otherwise provided in this Act, on and after the date of the enactment of this Act, neither the President nor any other officer, employee, or agent of the United States shall fund, assist, authorize, or issue a license or permit for the development of any new water resource facility within the wilderness areas. (i) TEMPORARY TELECOMMUNICATIONS DEVICE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act prevents the placement of a temporary telecommunications device for law enforcement or agency administrative purposes in the Selenite Peak Wilderness in accordance with paragraph (2). (2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—Any temporary telecommunications device authorized by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall— (A) be carried out in accordance with— (i) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); and (ii) all other applicable laws (including regulations); (B) to the maximum practicable, be located in such a manner as to minimize impacts on the recreational and other wilderness values of the area; and (C) be for a period of not longer than 7 years. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with section 4(d)(7) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(7)), nothing in this Act affects or diminishes the jurisdiction of the State with respect to fish and wildlife management, including the regulation of hunting, fishing, and trapping, in the wilderness areas. (b) MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .—In furtherance of the purposes and principles of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the Secretary may conduct any management activities in the wilderness areas that are necessary to maintain or restore fish and wildlife populations and the habitats to support the populations, if the activities are carried out— (1) consistent with relevant wilderness management plans; and (2) in accordance with— (A) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); and (B) appropriate policies, such as those set forth in Appendix B of the report of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs of the House of Representatives accompanying H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (House Report 101– 405), including noxious weed treatment and the occasional and temporary use of motorized vehicles if the use, as determined by the Secretary, would promote healthy, viable, and more naturally distributed wildlife populations that would enhance wilderness values with the minimal impact necessary to reasonably accomplish those tasks. (c) EXISTING ACTIVITIES .—Consistent with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)) and in accordance with appropriate policies such as those set forth in Appendix B of the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs of the House of Representatives accompanying H.R. 2570 of the 101st Congress (House Report 101–405), the State may continue to use aircraft, including helicopters, to survey, capture, transplant, monitor, and provide water for wildlife populations, specifically sagegrouse, in the wilderness areas. (d) WILDLIFE WATER DEVELOPMENT  PROJECTS .—Subject to subsection (f), the Secretary shall authorize structures and facilities, including existing structures and facilities, for wildlife water development projects, including guzzlers, in the wilderness areas if— (1) the structures and facilities will, as determined by the Secretary, enhance wilderness values by promoting healthy, viable and more naturally distributed wildlife populations; and (2) the visual impacts of the structures and facilities on the wilderness areas can reasonably be minimized. (e) HUNTING , FISHING , ANDTRAPPING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may designate areas in which, and establish periods during which, for reasons of public safety, administration, or compliance with applicable laws, no hunting, fishing, or trapping will be permitted in the wilderness areas. (2) CONSULTATION .—Except in emergencies, the Secretary shall consult with the appropriate State agency and notify the public before taking any action under paragraph (1). (f) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The State, including a designee of the State, may conduct wildlife management activities in the wilderness areas— (A) in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the cooperative agreement between the Secretary and the State entitled ‘‘Memorandum of Understanding between the Bureau of Land Management and the Nevada Department of Wildlife Supplement No. 9’’ and signed November and December 2003, including any amendments to the cooperative agreement agreed to by the Secretary and the State; and (B) subject to all applicable laws (including regulations). (2) REFERENCES ; CLARK COUNTY .—For the purposes of this subsection, any references to Clark County in the cooperative agreement described in paragraph (1)(A) shall be considered to be a reference to the wilderness areas. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that, for the purposes of section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)), the approximately 48,600 acres of public land in the portions of the China Mountain, Mt. Limbo, Selenite Mountains, and Tobin Range wilderness study areas that have not been designated as wilderness by section 301(a) and the portion of the Augusta Mountains wilderness study area within the County that has not been designated as wilderness by section 301(a) have been adequately studied for wilderness designation. (b) RELEASE .—The public land described in subsection (a)— (1) is no longer subject to section 603(c) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)); and (2) shall be managed in accordance with the applicable land use plans adopted under 
section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this title alters or diminishes the treaty rights of any Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). (b) CULTURAL USES.—Nothing in this title precludes the traditional collection of pine nuts in a wilderness area for personal, noncommercial use consistent with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1107, introduced by Congressman MARKAMODEI of Nevada, is a bipartisan bill that consolidates over 300,000 acres of checkerboard land previously identified for disposal by the Bureau of Land Management in Pershing County, Nevada. This bill conveys land for mining and other public purposes, creates a new wilderness area, and releases certain wilderness study areas, all to benefit conservation, recreation, and economic development in the county. Mr. Speaker, 85 percent of Nevada’s land is owned and operated by the Federal Government. Not only does this deprive the State final say on management decisions in its own backyard, but it also deprives the State of the tax base utilized by other States to fund roads, school districts, and police departments. Pershing County, Nevada, is no different. Seventyfive percent of the county is federally owned. This bill is a result of over a decade of negotiations between locally elected officials, miners, conservationists, sportsmen, ranchers, and residents in the county. Their hard work and commitment to bipartisanship has resulted in a bill that benefits all parties, guaranteeing that both the economic and ecological future of the county are protected. This bill, in addition to being cosponsored by all Nevada congressional Representatives, is supported by Pershing County, Friends of Nevada Wilderness, the Nevada Chapter of the Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, Coalition for Nevada’s Wildlife, and several Nevadan mining companies, including Clover Nevada, Coeur Mining, EP Minerals, Gold Acquisition Corp., and Solidus Resources. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1107 is a bill cosponsored by the entire Nevada delegation that will enhance both economic development opportunities and the conservation of public land in Pershing County. First, I want to mention that this bill will designate over 130,000 acres of wilderness. This is a significant conservation victory and I would like to congratulate everyone who has worked on making this a reality. In addition to the wilderness designation, this bill establishes a process to exchange or sell up to 400,000 acres of Federal land throughout Pershing County. I understand that the BLM and other interested parties have raised some concerns with the appraisal process set up in the bill. Unfortunately, we were not able to address these concerns at markup, but I hope we can continue working with our colleagues in the Senate to make any necessary changes to the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ). Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from Montana and Hawaii for their supportiveness. Briefly, Mr. Speaker, this is what you get when people talk about issues and not cliches. This is a long time in the making, as has been previously indicated, folks from the wilderness areas, folks from economic development areas, folks from the resource extraction areas all coming together on this. But just in case there is some concern about, oh my God, potentially we are transferring the Federal estate, let’s remind people of a couple of things that are in this legislation. First of all, nothing is transferred for nothing. It talks about the appraisal process and how, if you are going to purchase the Federal estate, you are going to pay for it. Secondly, it is talking about exchanges along the TransPacific legislation on the checkerboard from 1862, which talks about the Secretary of the Interior is a full partner with the county commission in identifying those lands that are appropriate for exchange. Why is this important? This is important because if they don’t think it is a good idea to exchange, then the Secretary of the Interior can stop that process, so it doesn’t force the Secretary of the Interior to exchange land that he or she, in the future, doesn’t want to. But let’s remind ourselves of one other thing. Exchanges of checkerboard land are not just something that benefits perhaps economic development along the Interstate 80 corridor, or somebody who does a cowcalf operation somewhere. It also allows resource managers, Federal land managers, wildlife people to consolidate checkerboard lands where they need to be consolidated, to do things like preserve habitat, preserve special resource areas, whether it is for mule deer, whether it is for the endangered species potential of the sage hen, and other things like that. So it is a twoway street. So my congratulations to the folks of Pershing County and the BLM employees in the Winnemucca district. By the way, no lands are subject to this that haven’t been identified in their resource management plan, their planning document, as potentially available for either exchange or disposal. Finally, I want to remind you of this: there are 150,000 acres that can be bought out of a potential Federal estate of over 9 million acres in that county. So it is a fraction of 1 percent. And of the potential available for exchange, it sets an upper limit of 300,000, potential. The county has to ask for it, the Secretary has to agree to an exchange. So when you talk about the size of the Federal estate in Pershing County—which, by the way, is the home to the Burning Man festival, for those of you who follow that sort of stuff—it is something that is, quite frankly, not going to change the landscape, literally speaking, in terms of the ownership and the diminishment of the Federal estate. They are still the major player to the tune of—at the end of the day, 95 percent of the Federal estate is still intact. Finally, on wilderness study areas and wilderness creation areas, in this bill, you have created about 148,000 acres of new wilderness areas and you have released parts of five different wilderness study areas that are about 48,000 acres. So when you start talking about this is a good housekeeping measure, it allows Pershing County to come into the new age in terms of what they think is appropriate for their economic diversification and vitality, but also gives Federal land managers, resource folks, wildlife groups, and conservation groups, the tools to do good things in Pershing County, too. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for his generous provision of the time. The last piece is this: the most successful public lands legislation in the country is probably the Southern Nevada Public Lands Management Act, which turns 20 this year. Much of this is patterned on that. When you talk about what happens when they sell land, money goes to education and it goes to the county, and then 85 percent of every dollar brought in goes for the benefit of those Federal lands, for those land managers in Pershing County. 
It has been working in southern Nevada for 20 years. This is a good step. I encourage bipartisan, nationwide support. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I am just going to close by saying that I request that all of our colleagues vote to support H.R. 1107, Pershing County Economic Development and Conservation Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I would echo the sentiments of the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ). I urge my colleagues to vote for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1107, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
POARCH BAND OF CREEK INDIANS LAND REAFFIRMATION ACT Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1532) to reaffirm that certain land has been taken into trust for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1532 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Lands described in subsection (b) that were taken into trust by the United States for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians prior to the date of enactment of this Act are reaffirmed, subject to valid existing rights, as trust land and shall remain as Indian country under section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. (b) DESCRIPTION OF LAND.—The land referred to in subsection (a) is comprised of the following: (1) The approximately 229
1⁄2acres described in the final Notice of the Department of the Interior’s Poarch Band of Creeks Establishment of Reservation (50 Fed. Reg. 15502 (April 18, 1985)), and Poarch Band of Creeks; Establishment of Reservation: Correction (50 Fed. Reg. 19813 (May 10, 1985)), and shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Maps 1, 2, and 5 as ‘‘Reservation’’. (2) The approximately 1 acre named as Parcel 5 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Florida, which was taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Statutory Warranty Deed on November 21, 1984, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 7, and further described as: Commence at the Southeast corner of the Northwest Quarter of Section 5, Township 5 North, Range 33 West, Escambia County, Florida; thence go West along the South line of the Northwest Quarter of said Section 5 for a distance of 420 feet; thence run North for a distance of 40 feet to the point of beginning; thence continue North along said line for a distance of 210 feet; thence run West for a distance of 210 feet; thence run South for a distance of 210 feet; thence run East 210 feet to the point of beginning, containing one acre, more or less. (3) The approximately 1 acre named as Parcel 6 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Monroe County, Alabama, which was taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Statutory Warranty Deed on November 21, 1984, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 3, and further described as: One acre in a square in Southeast corner of the tenacre strip on the North side of South Half of Southeast Quarter lying West of the highway in Section 26, Township 5 North, Range 6 East, being the same property conveyed to the Grantor by deed dated July 23, 1984 and filed for record in the office of the Judge of Probate of Monroe County, Alabama on July 23, 1984, and by correction deed dated November 21, 1984. (4) The approximately 10 acres named as Parcel 12 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Alabama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Correction Deed on November 21, 1988, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 4, and further described as: Begin at a 2′′ iron pipe at the intersection of the South line of Section 5, Township 1 North, Range 6 East, and the East right of way line of Alabama State Highway No. 21; thence run S 89° 03′ 00′′ E along said South line of Section 5 a distance of 860.93 feet; thence run N 00° 04′ 57′′ W a distance of 608.47 feet; thence run N 89° 56′ 20′′ W a distance of 575.73 feet to the aforementioned East right of way line of Alabama State Highway No. 21; thence run S 25° 32′ 21′′ W along said East right of way line a distance of 659.22 feet to the point of beginning, said property lying and being all in Section 5, Township 1 North, Range 6 East, and containing 10.09 acres, more or less. (5) The approximately 10 acres named as Parcel 10 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Alabama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 2, and further described as: Commencing at the Southeast corner of the Northeast 1/4 of Southwest 1/4  Section 28 Township 2 North Range 6 East; thence North 577.5 feet; thence North 89 degrees West 2726 feet to the point of beginning; thence North 89 degrees West 100 feet; thence South 210 feet; thence North 89 degrees West 855 feet; thence South 0 degrees 21 minutes West 378.37 feet; thence South 84 degrees 40 minutes East 966 feet; thence North 28 degrees 32 minutes East 300 feet; thence North 89 degrees West 148 feet; thence North 395.34 feet to point of beginning. Containing 10.08 acres. (6) The approximately 52 acres named as Parcel 14 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Alabama, which was taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and further described as: All of the North half of Northwest Quarter of Section 34, Township 2 North, Range 5 East lying East of the PoarchPerdido Road. (7) The approximately 31 acres named as Parcel 15 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Alabama, which were taken into trust by Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and further described as: All of the West Half of Northwest Quarter of Section 34, Township 2 North, Range 5 East lying North of Dees Road and West of the PoarchPerdido Road. (8) The approximately 8 acres named as Parcel 16 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Alabama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and further described as: Beginning at the Southwest corner of Northwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter of Section 27, Township 2 North, Range 5 East; thence run East 1145 feet to the public road; thence North 3 degrees 15 minutes East 380 feet along said road; thence run West 1167 feet; thence run South 380 feet to point of beginning containing ten acres, except two acres described as follows: Beginning at the aforesaid point of beginning thence run East 848 feet to the starting point; thence run North 297 feet, thence run East 298 feet, more or less, to the West right of way of Old Sullivan Mill Road; thence run Southwesterly along said right of way to the South line of Northwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter of said Section 27; thence run West 297 feet to the starting point, containing eight acres, more or less. (9) The approximately 34 acres named as Parcel 22 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Escambia County, Alabama, which was taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on August 17, 1992, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 1, and further described as: Commence at a oneinch metal pipe being the Southwest corner of Section 27, Township 2 North, Range 5 East Escambia County, Alabama; thence go N 00 ° 38′ 26′′ W along the West line of said Section 27 for a distance of 8.0 feet to a point on the Northerly right of way line of Jackson Road (40 foot right of way), said point also being the point of beginning; thence continue N 00 ° 38′ 26′′ W along said West section line for a distance of 1321.23 feet to the Northwest corner of the Southwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter at said Section 27; thence go N 89 ° 30′ 13′′ E along the North line of said Southwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter for a distance of 1146.48 feet to the Westerly right of way line of PoarchPerdido Road (40 foot right of way); thence go S 00° 34′ 55′′ W along said Westerly right of way line for a distance of 287.65 feet: thence go S 01 ° 30′ 05′′ W for a dis tance of 40.0 feet; thence go S 00 ° 00′ 31′′ W along aforesaid Westerly right of way line for a distance of 195.59 feet; thence go S 02 ° 34′ 30′′ W along aforesaid right of way line for a distance of 172.73 feet; thence go S 04 ° 24′ 35′′ W along aforesaid right of way for a distance of 630.72 feet to the intersection with the Northerly right of way of said Jackson Road; thence go S 89 39 ′ 16′′ W along said Northerly right of way line for a distance of 1071.43 feet to the point of beginning, it being the intention to describe herein and convey hereby all of the Southwest Quarter of Southwest Quarter of Section 27, Township 2 North, Range 5 East, lying West of the public road. (10) The approximately 13 acres named as Parcel 17 located within the exterior geographic boundaries of Montgomery County, Alabama, which were taken into trust by the Department of the Interior via Warranty Deed on March 23, 1995, shown on Poarch Band of Creek Indians Trust Lands Map 6, and further described as: 
Commence at the SW corner of Section 27, T17N, R19E, Montgomery County, Alabama and run EAST, 4340.49 feet; thence NORTH, 1806.29 feet to a point on existing fence line and being the Point of Beginning; Thence continue along said fence line S89°13′03′′E, 136.34 feet; Thence continue along said fence line S23 °49′20′′ E, 62.92 feet; Thence continue along said fence line N69°23′34′′E, 219.92 feet to an existing iron pin; Thence continue along said fence line N17°23′26′′W, 968.84 feet to an existing iron pin; Thence leaving said fence line N18°23′28′′W, 503.62 feet to a point on the southeast edge of the Tallapoosa River; Thence along said edge S43 °24′16′′W, 618.01 feet; Thence leaving said edge S39 °49′22′′E, 150.00 feet to a point on an existing fence line; Thence along said fence line S26 °17′56′′E, 374.05 feet; Thence continue along said fence line S39°39′24′′E, 198.60 feet; Thence continue along said fence line S17 °38′01′′E, 386.15 feet to the Point of Beginning. All lying in the E 1/2 Section 27, T17N, R 19 E, Montgomery County, Alabama, and containing 12.86 acres more or less. (c) APPLICATION .—This Act shall apply to all claims, including claims challenging the validity of title or the effectiveness of any action of the Secretary acquiring and taking land described in subsection (b) into trust, that are pending on the date of enactment of this Act, or that are filed on or after that date. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1532, sponsored by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), would ratify the trust status of lands the Secretary of the Interior currently holds for the benefit of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians of Alabama. The lands are located in the State of Alabama, with the exception of 1 acre of land in the State of Florida. The Tribe’s trust lands are used for a variety of Tribal purposes, including the operation of casinos authorized under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, a health clinic, an assisted living facility, and other facilities and development serving the needs of the Tribe and the local communities. H.R. 1532 applies only to specific tracts of land taken in trust prior to a 2009 ruling by the Supreme Court, a ruling whose significance I will describe in a moment. Lands held in trust by the Secretary of the Interior have a unique political status. The lands are regulated by Tribes and the Federal Government pursuant to a variety of statutes that restrict their alienation, and protect them from taxation and from State civil and criminal jurisdiction. In addition, gaming may not be conducted by a Tribe under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 unless the casino is located on trust or reservation lands. H.R. 1532 is necessary because there is a cloud of uncertainty over the title of the Poarch Band’s existing trust lands. The Poarch Band obtained formal Federal recognition in 1984 and lands for the benefit of the Tribe were taken by the Secretary of the Interior in trust pursuant to the Indian Reorganization Act of 1934, or the IRA. In a 2009 Supreme Court opinion commonly called Carcieri, the Court held that the Secretary may not use the IRA to acquire land in trust for a Tribe unless the Tribe was under Federal jurisdiction when the IRA was enacted in 1934. While the Poarch Band was not a party to the case, the effect of the Supreme Court case calls into question the lawfulness of the Secretary’s acquisition of the Tribe’s lands because the Tribe was federally recognized 50 years after the IRA. H.R. 1532 would clear up any question over the validity of the Secretary’s action to take the Tribe’s existing lands into trust. It will create a needed certainty for the Tribe to use it for a variety of uses that might otherwise be prohibited were the lands to fall under State jurisdiction. Because the bill ratifies the trust status for lands acquired by the Secretary prior to 2009, there is no concern that we are ratifying any action taken by the Secretary that might violate the IRA, as defined by the Supreme Court. There is precedent for this legislation. In 2013, Congress enacted legislation to ratify the trust status of lands for the Gun Lake Tribe in Michigan, a Tribe that was recognized in recent years, like the Poarch Band. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Poarch Band of Creek Indians is the only federally recognized Tribe in Alabama. The Tribe was administratively recognized by the Bureau of Indian Affairs in 1984 and, thereafter, acquired trust land in both Alabama and Florida. However, like other Tribes recognized post1924, the status of Poarch Band’s trust lands have been under legal attack due to the ramifications of the 2009 Supreme Court Carcieri decision. The Tribe currently maintains several facilities for use of its members on its trust lands, as well as owning and operating two casinos. H.R. 1532 would simply ratify and reaffirm this trust status of the Poarch Band’s lands, protecting the lands against further litigation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support adoption of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1532, the Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act, is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that will provide much needed certainty to an Indian Tribe in my district. The Poarch Creek Indians are a valued and trusted part of our community in southwest Alabama. Their economic impact in Escambia County, Alabama, speaks for itself. From their help with funding for community projects to their business enterprises that employ thousands of Alabamians, the Poarch help make life better for so many people in our area. This legislation is necessary due to the legal uncertainty caused by the Supreme Court decision in Carcieri v. Salazar. This decision has unnecessarily created legal ambiguity about whether the Poarch Creek land is actually in trust or not. To be clear: this legislation would not have any change over the way the Poarch Band or their land are currently being treated in Alabama. In fact, this legislation simply provides legal certainty to help prevent future challenges regarding the status of the Tribe’s land. I am pleased we were able to attract bipartisan support for the legislation, including a unanimous vote out of the Natural Resources Committee last year. I also want to extend my gratitude to Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member GRIJALVA , and the committee staff for their commitment to Indian issues and their work on this legislation. Ultimately, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense, straightforward legislation to give muchneeded legal certainty to the Poarch Band of Creek Indians. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I just would like to ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 1532, the Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ). Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) for yielding me time, and I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Poarch Band of Creek Indians Land Reaffirmation Act and encourage my colleagues to do the same. The Poarch Creek have been in Alabama and northwest Florida since the War of 1812, but they were only recognized federally in 1984. Soon afterward, 
the Poarch Creek obtained land in both Florida and Alabama, land that was held in trust. The Poarch Creek contribute greatly to the Florida and Alabama region. Their unique history forms a vital part of our culture, and their businesses strengthen our region’s economy and create jobs. They give back to our community from museums to scholarships to services for the elderly and students and much more. But if lands currently in trust lost their status, the Tribal economy could be shattered, businesses could close, incomes could plummet, and we would have robbed our Nation of a great part of its cultural heritage, all in the name of a confusing legal decision. This good bill reaffirms the trust status of the Poarch Creek land. It is fair, just, and important, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1532. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS BETWEEN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND NATIONAL PARK SERVICE Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2897) to authorize the Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2897 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZING COOPERATIVE MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS BETWEEN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND NATIONAL PARK SERVICE FOR OPERATION, MAINTENANCE, AND MANAGEMENT OF UNITS OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Mayor of the District of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service may enter into cooperative management agreements under section 101703 of title 54, United States Code, for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System located in the District of Columbia, including the design and construction of improvements to such units. (b) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A cooperative management agreement entered into under this section may include such terms and conditions as may be agreed to by the Mayor and Director, including terms and conditions relating to— (1) the allocation of responsibility for the operation, maintenance, and management of a unit of the National Park System between the District of Columbia and the National Park Service; and (2) the payment of funds by the National Park Service and the District of Columbia in support of the agreement. (c) RELATION TO OTHER LAWS.— (1) TREATMENT OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AS  
A STATE FOR PURPOSES OF COOPERATIVE MAN AGEMENT AGREEMENTS UNDER TITLE 54 .—Sec tion 101703 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) DEFINITION OF STATE .—For the purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ means each of the several States and the District of Columbia.’’. (2) ANTIDEFICIENCY ACT .—Nothing in subchapter III of chapter 13 or subchapter II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘AntiDeficiency Act’’) may be construed to prohibit the payment or use of funds by the District of Columbia or the National Park Service to carry out a cooperative management agreement entered into under this Act, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement. (3) DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE ACT .— Nothing in section 602(a)(3) of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–206.03(a)(3), D.C. Official Code) may be construed to prohibit the District of Columbia from operating, maintaining, or managing a unit of the National Park System in accordance with the terms and conditions of a cooperative management agreement entered into under this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. 
Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2897, introduced by Congresswoman ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON of the District of Columbia, authorizes the District of Columbia to establish cooperative management agreements with the National Park Service to operate, manage, and maintain National Park Service properties within the city limits. As of 2015, 21.7 percent of the District’s total surface area, over 8,000 acres in all, was owned and managed by the National Park Service. This area includes 23 distinct units of the National Park System, the National Mall, and many of the small urban green spaces spread throughout the city. A significant portion of this land is in disrepair. The District ranks second in the National Park Service’s deferred maintenance, with an estimated total deferred maintenance of approximately $1.2 billion. H.R. 2897 authorizes the District of Columbia to enter into cooperative management agreements with the National Park Service for the operation and maintenance of units around the city. This bill is a component to a major restorative initiative headed by the Mayor’s office and sponsored by local nonprofits, and conversations are already underway between the District and the National Park Service for the improvement and repair of Franklin Park. The city has set aside nearly $14 million for the restoration of the park, and local public and private partnerships will provide yearly maintenance and upkeep. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill for both the citizens of the District and the citizens of our great country. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2897 authorizes the District of Columbia and the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of the National Park System units in the District of Columbia. Cooperative management agreements are effective tools used throughout the National Park System that lead to creative partnerships that enhance programming and management capacity. As we will hear from Delegate ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON , the District of Columbia and the National Park Service have worked out an agreement to update Franklin Square that will revitalize an area in an important quadrant of downtown. This bill simply provides the city with authority to execute the agreement. In addition to Franklin Square, H.R. 2897 has the potential to foster cooperation that will enhance many of the small urban parks found throughout our Nation’s capital. Mr. Speaker, this is a win/win, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both of my friends for their work on this bill, and I want to thank Natural Resources Committee Chairman ROBBISHOP , who is a cosponsor of this bill, for his support and leadership of this legislation, as well as Ranking Member RAU´LGRIJALVA , who has also supported our efforts. I also want to thank Oversight and Government Reform Chair TREY GOWDY and Ranking Member E LIJAH  CUMMINGS for their support and for moving this bipartisan legislation through their committee as well. So you see, we have gone through two committees, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I am particularly pleased and grateful to Senator LISA 
MURKOWSKI , chair of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, which has jurisdiction over the bill, who has introduced the Senate companion of this bill. Our bill is noncontroversial, as you have heard, Mr. Speaker. It would only clarify that the District of Columbia has the authority to enter into cooperative management agreements, called CMAs, to maintain and invest in National Park Service properties in the city. There are many such properties, we are grateful to say, in the District of Columbia. NPS already has the authority to enter into these agreements with States, and I believe with the District of Columbia, but the better part of valor was to make sure that that was understood. Our bill would simply provide the District with the same opportunity to work collaboratively with the NPS as States and cities already do. NPS is the steward of many of the country’s most beautiful natural wonders, but they are uniquely responsible for most of the small urban parks in the District’s neighborhoods, as well. Given NPS’ limited budget and resources, we should encourage local jurisdictions to work with NPS to make sure that our national parks are properly cared for in the way this bill incentivizes. The city already has plans to enter into a CMA with the National Park Service to assume operational jurisdiction of Franklin Park. This park is located in downtown D.C., right in the center of town, but it has seen better days. The city plans to work with the Downtown Business Improvement District to transform the park to its former glory by ensuring regular maintenance and providing amenities such as food, gardens, and other services. As the city’s downtown core has grown to include more housing, businesses, and workers, the need for green space also has grown. The city’s plans for Franklin Park are a model of what can be done when local jurisdictions get creative about protecting and improving the Nation’s parks. Mr. Speaker, I hope Members are taking this bill as a model for what can be done if they have parks. Perhaps the park for this bill would not be as easily patterned. But there are many small parks that are near local businesses. Local businesses do not thrive when green space is in poor condition, so we did not find it difficult to get the business community around this park to partner with the District of Columbia to bring it up to what a park should look like in the center of the city. The National Park Service has a backlog that has been described by my friend on the other side, so we cannot expect the Park Service, even if it had the most robust funding appropriation here, to get to many of our parks very soon. What works here can work throughout the United States. My bill is, of course, a win for my city, but it is also a win for the Federal Government, and it is a win for the more than 30 million visitors who visit the District of Columbia every day because it is our Nation’s capital, and, of course, it is a win for the surrounding jurisdictions because this park is so centrally located in this region. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) for yielding time to me. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I am closing by asking that our colleagues support this great bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I also urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2897. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be added as a cosponsor of H.R. 756, a bill introduced by Mr. Chaffetz. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO THE JAPANUNITED STATES FRIENDSHIP COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2903, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the JapanUnited States Friendship Commission: Mr. HILL, Arkansas 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM DAY (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on Religious Freedom Day, to recognize the importance of religious freedom throughout the world and to celebrate the 232nd anniversary of the passing of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom. As a Catholic, my faith plays a significant role in every aspect of life and fosters a respect for the religious rights and freedoms of others. Fundamental American values, among which are commitments to religious freedom and human rights, will always be cornerstones of both U.S. domestic and foreign policy. Written by Thomas Jefferson, the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom is the forerunner of the First Amendment protection for religious freedom and the principle of separation of church and state. As a member of the Religious Minorities in the Middle East Caucus, I will continue to advocate for the rights of individuals to express their feelings without living in fear of violence and persecution. f 
NATIONAL MENTORING MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of National Mentoring Month and in recognition of the great contributions that mentors make to young people and to communities across the country. Every young person deserves and needs a mentor, someone with experience and perspective to help them overcome challenges and navigate uncertainties. I would not be here today without the guidance that I received from my mentors, including Supreme Court Justice and former Mayor Frank Flaherty, former Mayor Joe Walsh, the late State Senator Eleanor Slater, and the late Senator Claiborne Pell. Mentorships like these can be life changing, and I applaud organizations like MENTOR Rhode Island, which pairs mentors with atrisk youth. Vulnerable young people with mentors are more likely to maintain better attendance and positive attitudes toward school, and they are 55 percent more likely to go to college than their peers. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep appreciation for my mentors and the power of mentoring that I recognize January as National Mentoring Month. 
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM DAY (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today we celebrate 25 years of observing Religious Freedom Day. On this day, more than 200 years ago, our forefathers in the Virginia General Assembly sought to practice their respective religions freely, so they passed a State law which secured our ability to exercise our faith freely today. The context of this initial law formed the inspiration for the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. Our country holds among its most fundamental freedoms the right to practice freely one’s religion and associate with others who share those same beliefs. As we know from experience, freedom is not without cost and it is not free. It must be protected and nourished, and our communities of faith, in particular, need to be safeguarded from government encroachment and intrusion. It is with this in mind, Mr. Speaker, that I will continue to work with my colleagues to defend our First Amendment and our communities of faith on Religious Freedom Day and every day. 
b1915 IT IS TIME WE SHOW OUR NATIONAL CHARACTER (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, since the Trump administration announced the end of the DACA program in September, more than 16,000 people have already lost their protection from deportation and their ability to work. Each day we fail to act to protect DREAMers, 122 more people lose those protections and the ability to contribute to their country in the same way they have for as long as they have lived here. These DREAMers teach our children, care for our loved ones, start businesses, strengthen our communities, defend our Nation, and believe that our country, their country, will see them for the Americans they are. One of our country’s proudest DREAMers, Jose Antonio Vargas, once said: 
Citizenship to me is more than a piece of paper. Citizenship is also about character. I am an American. We are just waiting for our country to recognize it. 
Jose is right. It is high time our country recognizes the DREAMers for the Americans they really are. It is time we show our national character. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we observe Human Trafficking Awareness Month, I would like to recognize organizations in my home district of Miami that are working to put an end to this modern day slavery. As a tourist destination and a gateway to the Americas, south Florida is a preferred spot for criminals to commit these types of outrageous human rights violations. But thanks to organizations like Kristi House and The Women’s Fund of MiamiDade, there is a critical campaign afoot to bring public awareness and to stop this terrible scourge. St. Thomas University has created the Human Trafficking Academy, which offers training and technical assistance to law enforcement, lawyers, and the general public. Resources like the Human Trafficking Miami Hotline, led by our esteemed MiamiDade State attorney’s office, serves victims and survivors of human trafficking by encouraging calls to 305–350–5567. We are also blessed to have devoted law enforcement officers who are committed to a zero tolerance campaign to protect victims, to prosecute and dismantle traffickers. As you can see, Mr. Speaker, south Florida is dedicated to fighting this crime. A future free of human trafficking is out there, and I urge every American to make that a reality. f 
TAKING ISSUE WITH THE COMMENTS OF THE PRESIDENT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as an American, I certainly celebrate religious freedom and acknowledge the importance of freedom of religion and speech and the ability to have access to a free press. Sadly, I rise to take issue with the comments said by the Commander in Chief, well documented by Senator DURBIN and the Senator from South Carolina, LINDSEY GRAHAM , who delicately tried to instruct the Commander in Chief of the ugliness of his words. I will not say them on the floor, and I have not said the complete word, but over this weekend of the beloved community of Dr. Martin Luther King, everywhere I went, people were appalled. I believe that it is crucial that we pass the Dream Act and that we speak to the racism of this President through 1973, 1980, 1988, and 1989. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MR. BILLY LEE (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Mr. Billy Lee, who passed away on December 21 at the age of 85. Mr. Lee owned McDonough’s, the oldest Irish pub in Savannah; and the upstairs restaurant, Billy’s Place. Mr. Lee and McDonough’s are iconic in Savannah. McDonough’s has been voted the best karaoke in town for 8 straight years and is an immensely popular watering hole for all Savannahians. Mr. Lee never met a stranger in McDonough’s and he had an extremely sharp memory for its patrons. His kindness is fondly remembered by all who frequented McDonough’s, including times when he purchased blankets for the homeless, allowed folks to use his business for charity events, and opened his building for Hurricane Irma evacuees from Florida. Mr. Lee has commented on his restaurant and bar: That’s the story of what we do here. We help people. Mr. Lee’s kind spirit will be missed in Savannah, and I hope that people will continue to learn from his example for years to come. f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST VOTE CAST BY A WOMAN IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the first vote cast by a woman in the State of New York. 100 years ago, the residents of Lisle, New York, and Broome County held a special election to decide if liquor could be served in the town of Lisle. This was the first vote held in the State of New York after women had just recently gained the right to vote just 2 months prior, thanks to the efforts of other famous New Yorkers who are memorialized in our historic Capitol rotunda: Susan B. Anthony, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and Lucretia Mott. On January 25, 1918, shortly after 6 a.m., right before the polls opened, on a cold, snowy day in the southern tier, the Ladies of Lisle lined up outside to cast their first vote. When the doors opened, a woman named Florence B. Chauncey was the first to step forward and place her ballot in the box at the Lisle Village Hall. This year, on January 5, a historic marker was unveiled at the old Lisle Village Hall to commemorate this momentous occasion. This extraordinary act will now be memorialized forever on the Main Street in Lisle. 
OUR RELIGIOUS FREEDOM IS UNDER ASSAULT (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it is important to point out that religious freedom is indeed a cornerstone of the founding and the fiber of the United States. What started out in the Virginia General Assembly on this date in 
1786, which grew into the First Amendment in our Constitution and other Bill of Rights, that freedom is under assault. Courts, time and again, try to strike down the ability for people to peaceably assemble, peaceably speak their religious views, whether it is on a football field after a game or even extending so much to people objecting to what they are going to do in their bakery with what kind of products they are going to put out. We have folks that seem to think that religion is some kind of a plague in this country. Yes, maybe it is an inconvenience if your neighbor worships in a way that is different from you; but that is something that we have always, in the term ‘‘tolerance,’’ worked to get along with. Indeed, this House Chamber, every day, opens with an invocation; and right above the podium here, it says: ‘‘In God we trust.’’ Are we going to trust ourselves as a nation to allow each other to worship freely? Or are we going to have an oppressive shutdown of that by outof control courts? We need to hold on to religious freedom. 
HONORING FORMER CONGRESSMAN AND CINCINNATI MAYOR TOM LUKEN (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to honor former Congressman and Cincinnati Mayor Tom Luken, who passed away last week at the age of 92. Tom Luken was a Democratic stalwart and something of a local political legend representing the people of Cincinnati for 15 years in this body. I learned firsthand just how tough a politician he was when I ran against Tom in 1988. He won. But I also learned a great deal about Tom Luken, the man, during that race. He was a dedicated public servant who always focused on the needs of the people he represented. He was a devoted husband, father, grandfather, and greatgrandfather. As many probably know, his son Charlie was also Cincinnati mayor and also served in this body for a term. Mr. Speaker, even though we were from different political parties and disagreed on a lot of issues, I have always respected Tom for his commitment and dedication to our community and to our Nation. I hope that his wife, Shirley, and his entire family know just how much Tom Luken will be missed. 
A BETTER DEAL FOR AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, with all the things that are happening in Washington, it is pretty easy to feel concerned and to lose faith in what it is that we are doing here. It is language, questions of racism, questions of tax policy, winners, losers. Mr. Speaker, I decided today to be optimistic, to be upbeat, and to say: Hey, there really are things that we can do if we just put our minds to it and begin to work together. Before I start these sessions on the floor, I always like to ground myself in what is it that I would like, and that I would like my colleagues, to accomplish. I always turn to Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who brought us through the Great Depression and the Great War. Etched in the marble at his memorial here in Washington, D.C., are these words: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much . . . .’’ I probably ought to repeat that. ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ I always want to start with that because it grounds me as I look at the multiple opportunities we have here to do just this: add more to those who have much. For example, the tax bill that passed just before Christmas and was signed into law clearly does more for those who have much. Well over 80 percent of the $1.5 trillion—actually, far more than that—that were involved in the tax giveaway went to the superwealthy and America’s major corporations. But I said I was going to be positive and I didn’t want to drag all of us down further in that tax scam, but what I really want to talk about is what we can do to add for those who have too little. So let me start with that. My Democratic colleagues and I have been talking for the better part of 6 months now about a better deal for America, things that we can do to improve the lot of everyday Americans so we can provide enough for those who have too little. We all know that middle class America has stalled out over the last 20 years. So we set up a series of policies, programs, and legislation to improve the situation for working men and women of America, for those who clearly have too little and those who are struggling every day to meet their mortgage, keep their kids in school. So it is really about investing in America and making it in America, a series of programs and policies. I am not going to talk about all of those tonight, but I want to focus on this one: making it in America and investing in America. Before I go on to explain more about it, the rest of the program, really, is this: better jobs, better wages, and a better future. So when we talk as Democrats about a better deal, a better deal for America, we are really talking about these three fundamental things: better jobs, better wages, and, therefore, a better future for Americans. b1930 There are many different ways that this can be done. One of the principal ones is this: those of you who follow this—and I suspect there are very few of you—but if you have been following these floor sessions that I and others have been doing for the last, in this case, 6 years, we developed this little placard: ‘‘Make It In America. Manufacturing Matters.’’ It is pretty fundamental. Over the years, we have looked at the hollowing out of the great manufacturing centers of America. Some people like to say it is the Rust Belt. Well, the Rust Belt is coming back, and it can come back, roaring back, if we pay attention to the policies that create manufacturing opportunities. The President has talked about this, but, unfortunately, the policies that actually have emanated from the administration, in many cases, harm the manufacturing sectors—I am the ranking member of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee—maritime, ocean, inland waterways, the great Mississippi, the Ohio River system, the Great Lakes of America; and, of course, the coasts; the harbors, New York Harbor; Charleston; the harbors in Florida and across the Gulf Coast; in California, the great harbors of San Diego, Los Angeles, Long Beach, and the San Francisco Bay Area; and further North, Oregon and up into Washington. These maritime opportunities are enormous. And, unfortunately, we, far too often, ignore those opportunities. And so on the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Subcommittee of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, we are trying to focus on ways in which we can actually rebuild the great American maritime industry. If you go back in the history of this Nation, back to its very earliest days, in the early policies of George Washington and Alexander Hamilton, they set out policies to encourage the maritime industry. By the way, for those of you who really want to know where the first inheritance tax came into being, it was John Adams. He actually put the inheritance tax in place to build a frigate for the U.S. Navy. So it goes way, way back. That takes me back to tax policy, and I said I wouldn’t deal with that too much, but it is hard to ignore the fact that it was a very bad tax bill for the working men and women. One of the reasons it was a bad tax bill is that we need to build our infrastructure. There is going to be a lot of talk here in the next several weeks about the President’s infrastructure plan—$1 trillion infrastructure plan. Good idea. Let’s do it. What was that movie? That famous line? ‘‘Show me the money.’’ It disappeared. It disappeared in that tax bill. Where did it go? It went to the superwealthy. Maybe they will build the infrastructure. I am sure the top 1 percent, the top 10 percent, would be 
happy to build a road if, of course, they could charge a fee to get the people who use the road to pay that fee. But that doesn’t make much sense. I will take you back to Alexander Hamilton and George Washington. They put into America’s public policy, in the very first Presidency, a road building policy, and it has, more or less, been with us over the years where the public pays for this in fees and services. But the money disappeared. It is gone. It is gone in the tax cut. It is not there. $200 billion will be discussed over the next several weeks. Where are you going to get $200 billion in this year’s budget? More than $150 billion disappeared now in the tax scam. So maybe they can find it somewhere. The military wants another $50 billion, and, of course, there are healthcare services, and there is a need for education and so forth. So here is what we can do without going into the budget bill, without trying to find new money, but, rather, to use a public policy that was first enunciated and written into law when the Arctic opened. Do you remember the North Slope of Alaska back in the 1960s, when the U.S. Government decided to allow oil drilling on the North Slope of Alaska? It was written into that law that allowed for the pipeline to be built from the North Slope down to Valdez in southern Alaska, that all of the oil that would come through that pipeline would have to be on Americanbuilt ships with American sailors. And guess what? Ships were built, mariners were hired, and oil was put on those tankers and shipped into the American ports. Later, that oil was shipped offshore to Japan. And over the years, the petroleum industry was able to whittle away at that requirement of American ships built in America with American mariners. And so today, there is no requirement that any oil developed in the United States, any natural gas developed in the United States and exported, be on American built ships. So what does it mean? It means that ships are coming into our ports to take a strategic national asset, our oil and our natural gas. It is being put on a foreignbuilt ship with foreign sailors, foreign mariners who come and go, who don’t pay taxes in the United States; ships that are not built in the United States with American steel, American made engines, and all of the electronics and pumps, and all of the other equipment, not made in America. So here is the deal. What if we decided to go back to the future? What if we decided the future ought to be like the past, and this strategic national asset be used to rebuild our shipyards, to employ our mariners, to give us in the United States the ability to build commercial ships of all sizes, and, at the same time, enhance the productivity of our shipyards as they build our U.S. Naval vessels and our Coast Guard vessels? What if we were to do that? Well, we would employ thousands of people in the shipyards; our steel companies operating, taking ore from the North, bringing it to the steel mills, manufacturing that steel for the shipyards, the engines that go into those ships— which, by the way, are maybe about a quarter of the size of this room. I mean, huge diesel engines—and all of the other pumps and all of the other equipment, what if we were to do that? Why not? What would that mean? Well, let’s see. We could make it in America, or they could continue to be built in China, Korea, India, but not in America. Here is the deal: all we need to do is to write a law. All we need to do is to go back and copy the law that was written in the 1960s that required that the oil from the North Slope of Alaska, coming down the pipeline to Valdez, be on American ships. That is all we have to do. And if we were to do that, wow, we would employ thousands of people in our shipyards. We would have thousands of men and women on those ships across the oceans delivering a strategic national asset to far places in the world, to Japan, to China, and to beyond. It is possible. Our work here is to have a better deal for America, a better deal for Americans, policies that lead to the employment of Americans, policies that help to rebuild our steel industry, that bring strength back into our shipyards so that we can provide the jobs. We are not talking about minimum wage jobs here. We are talking about jobs that are at the higher echelon of the middle wages, of middle America. We are talking about skill sets, welders, pipefitters, steamfitters. We are talking about engineers who design these ships. We are talking about marine architects. We are talking about the financing of these. We are talking about thousands upon thousands of jobs spread out across America, and all we need to do is to go back, visit the past, bring it forward into law, and make sure that a strategic national asset is used to bring jobs to America. It would be nice if 100 percent of that oil and gas were on Americanbuilt ships, but, frankly, the American shipyards don’t have the capacity to do it. Now and probably never would they have the capacity to build all of the ships that are necessary. Right now, at a facility in Texas, the Sabine Pass, a company called Cheniere Energy is shipping natural gas taken from the ground in the United States, brought to Texas, put on ships that are taking that natural gas all around the world— most of it going to Asia. That natural gas could also go to Europe, and if we were to work out a deal with the European Union and the countries in Europe, we would use that natural gas as a strategic asset to put in place in those countries of Europe that now have to depend upon gas from Russia. And let’s understand this. Russia is using their natural gas as a lever against the European Union and against the Europeans as we try to build our relationship with Europe. So how many ships are being used? Probably when that one export facility in Texas is up and operating at its full capacity, it will take over 100 LNG tankers to meet the demands of that one export facility. Now, it happens that there are five—maybe six, but certainly five—new export facilities that are being licensed around the United States: one in Maryland, not too far from Washington; another in Oregon; and others in other parts of the coastal areas of the United States. So how many ships? We don’t know for sure. But I do know this: if, over the next 10 years, we were to require that just 15 percent—well, let’s make this over the next 20 years—that just 15 percent of the expected export of LNG were to be on Americanbuilt ships, we would, in American shipyards, build at least 25 ships. And these are not small, little tugboats. We are talking about major oceangoing LNG tankers. Now, for the crude oil, if just 10 percent of the crude oil were on American built ships, by 2032, we would have 31 ships built here in America. So we are talking well over 50 ships built in the United States. To put this in context, major, deepdraft ships built in America’s shipyards over the last 3 years, the average number of ships, deep draft—these are big ships—built in American shipyards has been in the range of 10 to 12 ships. Eight of those are for the U.S. Navy; maybe three have been for the commercial fleet. So we are talking about the potential for a very significant expansion of work in American shipyards if we were to write just a couple of lines of law to require that, beginning in 2022, just 1 percent of the natural gas be on Americanbuilt ships. That would bring three ships in. And then they would ramp it up over time, increasing the percentage: 3 percent by 2026, 10 percent by 2034—that would be 16 ships—and 15 percent by 2040. So that would be 25 ships built in America carrying LNG, liquified natural gas. For crude oil, let’s start at 1 percent. That would be three ships; 4 percent by 2026, 12 ships; 8 percent by 2029, 24 ships; and 10 percent by 2032, and that would be 31 ships. This is the art of the possible. What does it mean for America? It means good middle class jobs. I will give you another example. This is a locomotive, an electric locomotive built in Sacramento. Some 70 of these locomotives were built for the railroads for Amtrak here in the East on the Eastern corridor. It took probably more than 1,000 jobs in Sacramento, California, to build these locomotives. One hundred percent American made. b1945 How did that happen? Do you remember back in the Great Recession in 2009, Congress—Democrats, without Republican support—put in place the stimulus bill, the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act? Some $800 million were set aside to provide locomotives for the East Coast, for the Eastern corridor. Most companies said: We don’t build locomotives anymore. So General Electric and GM just waved off the possibility. But in Sacramento, there was this German company called Siemens that was building light railcars, transit cars and the like, at a newly established plant in Sacramento, California. They looked at it and said: $800 million, 100 percent American made. We are a German company, but we are operating in America. Do you want 100 percent Americanmade locomotives, the wheels, the electrical engines, the electrical motors, all of the electronics? That German company said: Bring it on. $800 million, they signed the contract, and they produced 70, 100 percent Americanmade locomotives. So what is the point? The point is, maybe 1,000, maybe a little less, middle class jobs in Sacramento, California, and you can bet that steel wasn’t made in California. It came from the Midwest. You can bet that those wheels were made outside of California. The electric motors came in from the East and the Midwest. So this opportunity was spread out all across America. It is exactly the same if we were to require that our liquified natural gas, a strategic American asset, were exported on American built ships, and the same for the oil that comes from the Bakken up in the North and the Middle American States. All of that is the art of the possible. So we are all about doing this. We are all about making it in America. I will take a couple of seconds, and I am going to give you one more example. For those of us in northern California and anybody who wants to tour San Francisco and the San Francisco Bay Area, you will see a fabulous new bridge spanning the bay from Oakland to San Francisco. It is a beautiful bridge. However, it was a bridge that was built with Chinese steel. It was supposed to be 10 percent cheaper, so they went for the cheap, but they wound up with the crud. They wound up with steel that had weld problems and that had quality problems. It ultimately wound up to be way, way over the budget, and 3,000 jobs and a brand new, hightech, most advanced steel manufacturing plant perhaps in the world was built in China. No jobs in America, no new steel mill in America, but there was in China. That is what happens when you buy foreign. I guess New Yorkers were a little smarter than my California colleagues. So in New York, they wanted to build a new bridge called the Tappan Zee Bridge. They said: We are going to make it with American steel. It costs $3.9 billion, under budget, and there were 7,728 American jobs. It makes a difference. Public policy makes a difference. If you want jobs in America, then you set about to give Americans a better deal. Public policy and laws, that is our work. We are your Representatives. We ought to be representing you, not the Chinese steel mills. We ought to be representing you, not the shipbuilders in Japan or Korea. We should be representing you, the American people, the people who are working in the shipyards of America. The children of today’s shipbuilders need an opportunity to continue the work of their fathers and their grandfathers in America’s great shipyards. I will tell you this: our public safety, the security of America, depends upon the U.S. Navy. The U.S. Navy depends upon shipyards for their ships. The more commercial ships we build in the shipyards, the more competition there will be to build naval ships. So here it is, a better deal. This is what we Democrats are offering. We are offering a better deal. We are going to focus directly on better jobs. Tonight, we have talked about American manufacturing. We talked about making it in America. We talked about making ships in America once again. We are talking about highpaid, middle class jobs in American manufacturing, whether it is the shipyard or whether it is where these great engines are manufactured, wherever it may be in the United States. So better jobs, better wages from these highquality jobs, and, therefore, a better future for America. So here, while we spend all of our time wondering what the next tweet will be from our President, I want us also to think about the art of the possible, about legislation that provides Americans with a better deal. We will talk more about this in future days, but, right now, I want us all to think about what we can do for America so that we will have a better deal for the working men and women of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GARRETT ). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b2036 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ADERHOLT ) at 8 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CUELLAR (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of travel delay due to weather. Mr. VELA (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 984. An Act to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe—Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. H.R. 4641. An Act to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to John L. Canley for acts of valor during the Vietnam War while a member of the Marine Corps. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3738. A letter from the Program Specialist (Paperwork Reduction Act), LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s joint final rule — Community Reinvestment Act Regulations [Docket ID: OCC20170025] (RIN: 1557AE30) January 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3739. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Emergency MergersChartering and Field of Membership (RIN: 3133AE76) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3740. A letter from the Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Treatment of Certain Communications Involving Security Based Swaps That May Be Purchased Only By Eligible Contract Participants [Release No.: 3310450; File No.: S70914] (RIN: 3235 AL41) received January 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3741. A letter from the Deputy Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — New Animal Drugs for Investigational Use; Disqualification of a Clinical Investigator [Docket No.: FDA2011N0079] (RIN: 0910AH64) received January 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3742. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air 
Plan Approval; Rhode Island; Enhanced Motor Vehicle Inspection and Maintenance Program [EPAR01OAR20090436; A1FRL 997287Region 1] received January 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3743. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NH; Approval of Recordkeeping and Reporting Requirements and Single Source Order [EPAR01OAR20170266; FRL997290Region 1] received January 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3744. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Phenylethyl acetate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQOPP20150717; FRL997003] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3745. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s interim final rule — Determination to Defer Sanctions; Arizona Department of Environmental Quality; PM2.5 [EPAR09OAR 20170255; FRL997278Region 9] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3746. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Oklahoma: Final Approval of State Underground Storage Tank Program Revisions and Incorporation by Reference [EPAR06UST20170504; FRL9968 29Region 6] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3747. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Nevada Air Plan Revisions, Washoe Oxygenated Fuels Program [EPAR09OAR20170154; FRL9972 82Region 9] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3748. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Quality Designations for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Ambient Air Quality Standard — Round 3 [EPAHQOAR20170003; FRL9972 73OAR] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3749. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s partial removal of direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NC; Open Burning and Miscellaneous Revisions [EPAR04OAR2007 0085; FRL997285Region 4] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3750. A letter from the Associate Chief, Auctions and Spectrum Access Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Mobility Fund Phase II Challenge Process Handsets and Access Procedures for the Challenge Process Portal [WC Docket No.: 1090] [WT Docket No.: 10208] received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3751. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22228, ‘‘Ballpark Fee Forgiveness Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3752. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22229, ‘‘Homeless Services Reform Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3753. A letter from the Chief Financial Officer, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting the Service’s 2017 report titled, ‘‘Analysis of Entity’s Systems, Controls and Legal Compliance’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3754. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Financial Stability Oversight Council, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Freedom of Information Act Regulations received January 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3755. A letter from the Acting Division Chief, Regulatory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil and Gas; Hydraulic Fracturing on Federal and Indian Lands; Rescission of a 2015 Rule [LLWO300000 L13100000 PP0000 18X] (RIN: 1004AE52) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3756. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sculpins in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985718102] (RIN: 0648XF731) received January 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 3757. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjustment Rule [FRL997292OECA] received January 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3758. A letter from the Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Director for Financial Management, Office of CFO and Assistant Secretary for Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Adjustments for Inflation [Docket No.: 171219999 799901] (RIN: 0605AA48) received January 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3759. A letter from the Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s notice — Adjustments to Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts [Release Nos.: 3310451; 3482455; IA4842; IC32963] received January 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3760. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Jamaica Bay, Queens, NY [Docket No.: USCG20170595] (RIN: 1625 AA09) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3761. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Upper Mississippi River, IA [Docket No.: USCG20160561] (RIN: 1625AA09) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3762. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Delaware River, Pipeline Removal, Marcus Hook, PA [Docket No.: USCG20171053] (RIN: 1625 AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3763. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Delaware River, Marcus Hook, NJ [Docket No.: USCG20170935] (RIN: 1625AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3764. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Savannah River, Savannah, GA [Docket No.: USCG20170977] (RIN: 1625AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3765. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Mamala Bay, Oahu, HI [Docket No.: USCG20170982] (RIN: 1625AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3766. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Safety Zone; Sector Key West COTP Zone Post Storm Recovery, Atlantic Ocean, FL [Docket No.: USCG2017 1067] (RIN: 1625AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3767. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Safety Zones; Humboldt Bay Bar, Eureka, CA, Noyo River Entrance, Ft. Bragg, CA, and Crescent City Harbor Entrance Channel, Crescent City, CA [Docket No.: USCG20170042] (RIN: 1625AA00) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3768. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Gulf of Mexico; Englewood, FL [Docket No.: USCG20170598] (RIN: 1625AA08) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3769. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Mavericks Surf Competition, Half Moon Bay, CA [Docket No.: USCG20150427] (RIN: 1625 AA08) received January 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 117. An Act to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’ (Rept. 115–516). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4279. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise any rules necessary to enable closedend companies to use the securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers of securities; with an amendment (Rept. 115–517). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 693. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3326) to increase accountability, combat corruption, and strengthen management effectiveness at the World Bank, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2954) to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–518). Referred to the House Calendar. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 694. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4712) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, and providing for proceedings during the period from January 22, 2018, through January 26, 2018 (Rept. 115–519). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
[Omitted from the Record of January 10, 2018] H.R. 2823. Referral to the Committee on Ways and Means extended for a period ending not later than February 2, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 4793. A bill to make continuing appropriations for military pay in the event of a shutdown of the Federal Government; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4794. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit unborn children to be account beneficiaries of section 529 education savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 4795. A bill to amend the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 to promote communications facilities deployment on Federal property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HURD (for himself, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. U PTON , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. D ENT, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. BARTON , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. FASO, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. KATKO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. LOVE, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. REICHERT , Mr. F LORES , Mr. BACON , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. WELCH , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. RUIZ, Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. HIMES, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Miss RICEof New York, and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 4796. A bill to provide relief from removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are longterm United States residents and who entered the United States before reaching the age of 18, improve border security, foster United States engagement in Central America, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 4797. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to prohibit the extension or establishment of national monuments in Arizona except by express authorization of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 4798. A bill to provide for an inventory of Federal assets on which a communications facility could be constructed or that could otherwise be made available for use in connection with the construction or operation of a communications facility or provision of communications service; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 4799. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to determine improvements in the filing process for the excise tax on the use of heavy highway motor vehicles; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 4800. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of broadband conduit installation in certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 4801. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to appoint a representative from the Department of Transportation to the board of trustees of the Gateway Program Development Corporation; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 4802. A bill to track applications to locate or modify communications facilities on Federal real property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. F ASO, and Mr. DONOVAN ): H.R. 4803. A bill to clarify the treatment of State and local real property taxes paid in 2017 and assessed for 2018; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. RUSSELL , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. CAPUANO ): H.R. 4804. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow injured Federal law enforcement officers to continue to serve their agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 4805. A bill to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States, to stop taxpayer dollars from flowing to jurisdictions that fail to comply with Federal law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4806. A bill to provide a shortterm disability insurance program for Federal employees for disabilities that are not workrelated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 4807. A bill to fulfill the United States Government’s trust responsibility to serve the higher education needs of the Navajo people and to clarify, unify, and modernize prior Dine´College legislation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and Mr. GALLAGHER ): H.R. 4808. A bill to promote transparency in health care pricing; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4809. A bill to increase access to agency guidance documents; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. J. Res. 125. A joint resolution making an extension of continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H. Res. 695. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 4793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 7 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 4795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Interstate Commerce Clause: to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. HURD: H.R. 4796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 4797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 4798. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 4799. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 4800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 4801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 4802. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes;’’; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers . . .’’. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 4803. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 4804. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 4805. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4806. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 4807. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 4808. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 8 Section 1 By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 4809. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: in Article I, Section 1, Clause 1; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18; and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.J. Res. 125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 146: Mr. C OLE. H.R. 719: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 750: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 754: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 756: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 788: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 807: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 850: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , and Ms. G RANGER . H.R. 858: Mr. QUIGLEY and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 878: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 936: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 975: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1022: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1152: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 1155: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1227: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1276: Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 1318: Mr. CONNOLLY and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.R. 1322: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 1337: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 1374: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1406: Mr. KENNEDY and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 1438: Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 1443: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1445: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 1606: Mr. BUDDand Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 1660: Mr. FASOand Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 1759: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1841: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 1868: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1876: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi ana. H.R. 1907: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 1949: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2092: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 2150: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2166: Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 2215: Mr. KILDEE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2234: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 2272: Mr. MCEACHIN and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2379: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 2412: Ms. PINGREE and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 2451: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 2584: Mr. HILLand Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 2599: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2625: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 2657: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 2666: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2723: Mr. HILLand Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 2790: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 2832: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 2933: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 2949: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 2995: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 2996: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 3307: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3380: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 3580: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3795: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 3798: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 3828: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3871: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 3878: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3894: Mr. KHANNA , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 3976: Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. WENSTRUP , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3981: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4057: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 4066: Mrs. DINGELL . 
H.R. 4099: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 4131: Mr. LATTA , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 4143: Mr. HUDSON and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 4215: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4240: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4253: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 4274: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. GOWDY . H.R. 4311: Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4312: Mr. MASTand Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4318: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 4391: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4392: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4413: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 4437: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 4457: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 4473: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4489: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 4509: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 4525: Ms. BONAMICI and Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER . H.R. 4527: Ms. NORTON and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4547: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4565: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 4582: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4607: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4608: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4610: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 4670: Mr. JONES , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4673: Ms. STEFANIK and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4682: Mr. BARR, Mr. F ERGUSON , and Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 4693: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4704: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4712: Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. G RAVES of Lou isiana, Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. PALMER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. A USTINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. LATTA , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. SHIMKUS , and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4722: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. SUOZZI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. N ADLER, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C ROWLEY, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. TONKO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. REED, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, and Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 4729: Mrs. LAWRENCE and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4732: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. RYANof Ohio, and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 4747: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. TURNER , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4760: Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. SMUCKER , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 4766: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 4775: Mr. WALZand Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4778: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4792: Ms. SINEMA , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H. Con. Res. 81: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York. H. Res. 35: Ms. NORTON . H. Res. 128: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H. Res. 188: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. M EADOWS. H. Res. 199: Mr. HUDSON . H. Res. 349: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. M EADOWS. H. Res. 464: Mr. GARRETT . H. Res. 466: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Ms. TSONGAS . H. Res. 495: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 673: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 683: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  Pursuant to the requirements of the American Manufacturing Competitiveness Act of 2016 (P.L. 114–159), attached please find a list of limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. Sec. 2. Frozen, boiled glutinous corn. Sec. 3. Mustard seed oil. Sec. 4. Cocoa powder. Sec. 5. Artichokes, in vinegar. Sec. 6. Pepperoncini, preserved by vinegar, in glass jars. Sec. 7. Pepperoncini, vinegar preserved, not in glass jars. Sec. 8. Minced pimiento stuffed green olives. Sec. 9. Pimientos. Sec. 10. Pepperoncini, other than preserved by vinegar. Sec. 11. Artichokes, other than in vinegar. Sec. 12. Dried strawberries. Sec. 13. Edible powder containing conjugated linoleic acid. Sec. 14. Nicotine gum. Sec. 15. Coconut water juice blends. Sec. 18. Coconut water in PET bottles. Sec. 19. Isododecane (CAS 93685–81–5). Sec. 20. Isohexadecane (CAS No. 93685–80–4). Sec. 21. Sodium. Sec. 22. Sodium containing not more than 200 ppm of calcium. Sec. 23. Nitrosyl sulfuric acid. Sec. 24. Hypophosphorous acid 50%. Sec. 26. Hexafluorozirconic acid. Sec. 27. Certain spherical particles of silicon dioxide. Sec. 28. Certain spherical particles of silicon dioxide. Sec. 29. Certain spherical particles of silicon dioxide. Sec. 30. Certain spherical particles of silicon dioxide. Sec. 31. Certain spherical particles of silicon dioxide. Sec. 32. Certain spherical particles of silicon dioxide. Sec. 33. Certain spherical particles of silicon dioxide. Sec. 34. Thionyl chloride. Sec. 35. Green chrome oxide. Sec. 36. Oxoiron. Sec. 37. Hydroxylamine free base. Sec. 38. Hydroxylamine sulphate. Sec. 39. Hydrazine 64%. Sec. 40. Germanium dioxide (GeO2). Sec. 41. Tin (IV) oxide, SnO2. Sec. 42. Ammonium bifluoride. Sec. 43. Sodium fluoride. Sec. 44. Stannous fluoride. Sec. 45. Sodium hydrogen difluoride. Sec. 46. Chromium fluoride. Sec. 47. Potassium bifluoride. Sec. 48. Potassium fluoroborate. Sec. 49. Potassium fluotitanate. Sec. 50. Potassium zirconate. Sec. 51. Titanium trichloride. Sec. 52. Cobalt chloride. Sec. 53. Cesium chloride. Sec. 54. Cesium iodide. Sec. 55. Sodium sulfides. Sec. 56. Sodium thiosulfate. Sec. 57. Barium nitrate. Sec. 59. Monopotassium phosphate. Sec. 60. Ammonium polyphosphate. Sec. 61. Cobalt carbonate. Sec. 62. Zirconium basic carbonate. Sec. 63. Potassium ferricyanide. Sec. 64. Sodium ferrocyanide. Sec. 65. Potassium ferrocyanide. Sec. 66. Sodium metasilicate. Sec. 67. Potassium tetraborate. Sec. 68. Sodium tungstate dihydrate. Sec. 69. Sodium thiocyanate. Sec. 70. Silver sodium zirconium hydrogenphosphate. Sec. 71. Mixed rare earth oxides known as luminostar UY. Sec. 73. Lanthanum carbonate. Sec. 74. Lutetium oxide. Sec. 75. Precursors for phosphors. Sec. 76. Yttrium oxide. Sec. 77. Ytterbium trifluoride powder. Sec. 78. Titanium hydride. Sec. 79. Titanium hydride paste. Sec. 80. Lithium aluminum hydride. Sec. 81. Cyanamide. Sec. 82. nButyl chloride. Sec. 83. Hexane, 1,6dichloro. Sec. 84. Allyl bromide. Sec. 85. DCP. Sec. 86. Monochlorobenzene. Sec. 87. oDichlorobenzene. Sec. 88. pDichlorobenzene. Sec. 90. 1,2,4Trichlorobenzene. Sec. 91. α,α,αTrichlorotoluene. Sec. 92. oChlorobenzyl chloride (oCBC). Sec. 93. Dichlorotoluene. Sec. 94. 2Chloro6fluorobenzylchoride. Sec. 95. DEMBB. Sec. 96. oChlorotoluene. Sec. 97. 3MBC. Sec. 98. Benzenesulfonyl chloride. Sec. 99. Spinomar LiSS  lithium p styrenesulfonate. Sec. 100. Spinomar NaSS. Sec. 101. Para toluene sulfonic acid. Sec. 103. Methanesulfonyl chloride. Sec. 104. 4Chloro3,5dinitrobenzotrifluoride. Sec. 105. 2Methyl5nitrobenzenesulfonic acid. Sec. 106. Triflic acid. Sec. 107. Triflic anhydride. Sec. 108. Potassium perfluoroethyl cyclohexanesulphonate. Sec. 109. 2Octanol solvent. Sec. 110. Isostearyl alcohol. Sec. 111. Sodium methylate powder. Sec. 112. Magnesium tertbutoxide. Sec. 113. Propargyl alcohol. Sec. 114. Leaf alcohol. Sec. 115. Purolan PDLO. Sec. 116. 2,5Dimethylhexane2,5diol. Sec. 117. Menthol. Sec. 118. αNaphthol. Sec. 119. Thymol. Sec. 120. Preventol O extra, preventol O extra preservative. Sec. 121. Preventol ON extra preservative. Sec. 122. Resorcinol. Sec. 123. Pyrogallic acid. Sec. 124. Leucoquinizarin. Sec. 125. 2,2′Methylenebis(4methyl6 tertbutylphenol). Sec. 126. 2,2′(2methylpropylidene)bis[4,6 dimethylphenol]. Sec. 127. 4,4′Butylidenebis(3methyl6tert butylphenol). Sec. 128. 2,5Bis(1,1dimethylpropyl)1,4 benzenediol. Sec. 129. Tris(2’methyl4’hydroxy5’t butylphenyl)butane. Sec. 130. Polymer additives. Sec. 131. Ortho nitro phenol. Sec. 132. 3Trifluoromethyl4nitrophenol. Sec. 133. NKTR–118 (PEG)7 mesylate. Sec. 134. Oxyfluorfen. Sec. 135. Nitrated aromatic ether or OPNA. Sec. 136. Allyl pentaerythritol. Sec. 137. tButyl cumyl peroxide. Sec. 138. Dicumyl peroxide. Sec. 139. Cumene hydroperoxide. Sec. 140. 2,5Dimethy,5di(tert butylperoxy)hexane. 
Sec. 141. Allyl glycidyl ether. Sec. 142. 2Bromo1,1dimethoxyethane. Sec. 143. 3,7Dimethylocta2,6dienal. Sec. 144. Glyoxal. Sec. 145. 4Propyl benzaldehyde (NPBAL). Sec. 146. Cyclobutanecarboxaldehyde. Sec. 147. 4(1,1Dimethylethyl)alpha m(lysmeral extra). Sec. 148. Anisaldehyde. Sec. 149. TBMB. Sec. 150. 7Hydroxycitronellal. Sec. 151. 2,4 Disulfobenzaldehyde. Sec. 152. p(Trifluoromethyl)benzaldehyde. Sec. 153. Diethyl ketone. Sec. 154. (E)4(2,6,6Trimethyl1cyclohexen1yl)3bute. Sec. 155. Ionone gamma methyl. Sec. 156. 1,3Cyclohexanedione. Sec. 157. Benzobicyclon. Sec. 158. Cyclopentanone. Sec. 159. Benzophenone. Sec. 160. 5Chloro1indanone. Sec. 161. Methyl acetophenone para. Sec. 162. Hydroxylmethylpentanone. Sec. 163. UV absorber. Sec. 164. Raspberry ketone. Sec. 165. DMB (4,4dimethoxy2butanone). Sec. 166. Amalanthraquine (AAQ). Sec. 167. Nitroanthraquinone. Sec. 168. 1(4Chlorophenyl)4,4 dimethylpentan3one. Sec. 169. 1,5Dichloro9,10anthraquinone. Sec. 170. ETFBO. Sec. 171. 3′Bromo–2,3,4,6′tetramethoxy. Sec. 172. Verdox. Sec. 173. Dichloroacetyl chloride. Sec. 174. Methyl chloroacetate (MeCA). Sec. 175. Ethyl monochloroacetate. Sec. 176. Vinyl neodecanoate. Sec. 177. Dilauroyl peroxide. Sec. 178. Polyglyceryl3 caprylate. Sec. 179. Butyl acrylate (buyl prop2 enoate),. Sec. 180. Allyl methacrylate. Sec. 181. Sorbic acid. Sec. 182. Crotonic acid. Sec. 183. Pinane hydroperoxide. Sec. 184. Bifenthrin. Sec. 185. Benzoyl chloride. Sec. 186. 4Nitrobenzoyl chloride. Sec. 187. Methyl cinnamate. Sec. 188. Perkadox PD50Sps. Sec. 189. Oxalic acid. Sec. 190. Oxalic acid, dimethyl ester (DMO). Sec. 192. Dimethyl malonate or DMM. Sec. 193. Itaconic acid. Sec. 194. Himic anhydride. Sec. 195. 4Sulfo1,8napthalic anhydride potassium salt. Sec. 196. BPDAU. Sec. 197. 1,4,5,8Naphthalene tetra. Sec. 198. Pyromellitic dianhydride. Sec. 199. Dimethyl 5nitroisophthalate. Sec. 200. ICL. Sec. 201. TCL. Sec. 202. Hydroxypivalic acid neopentyl glycol ester. Sec. 203. oAcetylsalicylic acid (aspirin). Sec. 204. Methyl sal. Sec. 205. pHBA. Sec. 206. Gallic acid. Sec. 207. Antioxidant. Sec. 208. propyl gallate. Sec. 209. Antioxidant. Sec. 210. Antioxidant. Sec. 211. Solbrol A. Sec. 212. Solbrol M. Sec. 213. Polymer additives. Sec. 214. 2Benzoylbenzoic acid. Sec. 215. Prohexadione calcium (calc). Sec. 216. Glyoxylic acid. Sec. 217. Dichlorpropp. Sec. 218. 2,4DB. Sec. 219. MCPA. Sec. 220. Lactofen. Sec. 221. Other carboxylic acid: (Irganox
® 245). Sec. 222. 4,4′Oxydiphthalic anhydride. Sec. 223. 2Ethylhexyl 4 methoxycinnamate. Sec. 224. MAQR Acid (DHPPA). Sec. 225. DEDCNN. Sec. 226. ODPAHAILI. Sec. 227. Trinexapacethyl. Sec. 228. Methoxyacetic acid. Sec. 229. ABA. Sec. 230. 1Methoxyacetic acid. Sec. 231. Tetrachlorvinfos. Sec. 232. Bis(2,4dichlorophenyl) chlorophosphate. Sec. 233. Tris(2ethylhexyl) phosphate. Sec. 234. Tolclofos methyl. Sec. 235. O,ODiethyl phosphorochloridothioate  DEPCT. Sec. 236. Albrite DMHP. Sec. 237. Propargite. Sec. 238. Antioxidant. Sec. 239. FosetylAl. Sec. 240. Perkadox 16. Sec. 241. 2ethyl hexyl nitrate. Sec. 242. Dimethyl carbonate. Sec. 243. Diethylhexyl carbonate. Sec. 244. 2Ethylhexylamine. Sec. 245. DTD amine. Sec. 246. 3MTMFluorinertTMand performance fluid. Sec. 247. N,N′bis(3 aminopropyl)ethylenediamine. Sec. 248. Trimethylhexamethylene diamine. Sec. 249. N,NDiethyl1,3propanediamine. Sec. 250. 2,4Dichloroaniline. Sec. 251. 4 Chloro2nitroaniline. Sec. 252. 2Nitroaniline. Sec. 253. 3,5Difluroaniline. Sec. 254. SNAlkylanilin. Sec. 255. 2,6Dichloroaniline. Sec. 256. NEthylNbenzyl aniline CAS 92– 59–1. Sec. 257. Ethyl benzylaniline sulfonic acid (EBASA). Sec. 258. pChloroaniline. Sec. 259. Sodium hydrogen 2aminobenzene 1,4disulfonate. Sec. 260. Ethyl benzyl aniline sulfonic acid. Sec. 261. Trifluralin. Sec. 262. Ethalfluralin. Sec. 263. pToluidine. Sec. 264. Benfluralin. Sec. 265. 2Chloro4toluidine (2CAT). Sec. 266. mToluidine. Sec. 267. oToluidine. Sec. 268. Butralin. Sec. 269. 4Amino3methylbenzenesulfonic acid. Sec. 270. 2, 4Xylidine. Sec. 271. Mixed xylidines. Sec. 272. Dodecyl aniline mixed isomers. Sec. 273. Flumetralin. Sec. 274. Amino methyl benzene. Sec. 275. 2Ethyl6methylaniline. Sec. 276. mPDA. Sec. 277. MPD. Sec. 278. 4ADPA (4aminodiphenylamine). Sec. 279. 4,4 Methylene bis ochloro aniline. Sec. 280. 4,4
′Diaminostilbene2,2′disulfonic acid. Sec. 281. TFMB. Sec. 282. Phenol, 2,2
′ Dichlorobenzidine dihydrochloride. Sec. 285. Tris[2[[2,4,8,10tetratert butyldibe (AO 12). Sec. 286. Dipropoxyptoluidin. Sec. 287. Phytosphingosine. Sec. 288. 1(Dimethylamino)2propanol (N,NDiemet). Sec. 289. Phytosphingosine HCl. Sec. 290. 2Aminopcresol. Sec. 291. RODA—sunlight. Sec. 292. 4Methoxy2 methyldiphenylamine. Sec. 293. 4
′Methoxy2,2′,4 trimethyldiphenylamine. Sec. 294. pCresidine sulfonic acid. Sec. 295. 2Methoxy5methylaniline. Sec. 296. ODA—WANDA. Sec. 297. Para cresidine2 sulfonic acid. Sec. 298. LLysine hydrate GMP P25. Sec. 299. 4Chlorophenylglycine. Sec. 300. 2Amino5sulfobenzoic acid. Sec. 301. 3,4Diaminobenzoic acid. Sec. 302. 3Chloroanthranilic acid. Sec. 303. 11 Aminoundecanoic acid. Sec. 304. Other oxygen function: amino acids: other. Sec. 305. Manganese disodium EDTA. Sec. 306. Sarcosine, sodium salt. Sec. 307. Copper disodium EDTA. Sec. 308. Sodium lauriminodipropinonate. Sec. 309. 2[4(nEthyln(4 methylphenyl)amino)2hydroxybe. Sec. 310. 2[4(Diethylamino)2 hydroxybenzoyl] benzoic acid. Sec. 311. Choline hydroxide. Sec. 312. Nongenetically modified lecithin of rapeseed. Sec. 313. Lecithin derived from sunflower. Sec. 314. Lecithin derived from soybean. Sec. 315. Sarkosyl®O. Sec. 316. NVinylformamide. Sec. 317. Butanamide, 3oxo. Sec. 318. Dimethylaminopropyl methacrylamide. Sec. 319. Tetranbutylurea. Sec. 320. DAAM. Sec. 321. Primid QM1260. Sec. 322. Primid XL552. Sec. 323. Dichlormid. Sec. 324. Propargyl butycarbamate. Sec. 325. Diuron. Sec. 326. Linuron. Sec. 327. Carboxyamide function compounds (irganox 1098). Sec. 328. Chlorpropham. Sec. 329. Propoxur. Sec. 330. Metolachlor. Sec. 331. Metalaxyl. Sec. 332. Zoxamide. Sec. 333. Phenmedipham. Sec. 334. Carbaryl. Sec. 335. Flutolanil. Sec. 336. Cyclanilide. Sec. 337. Mefenoxam. Sec. 338. SMetolachlor. Sec. 339. Napropamide. Sec. 340. Mandipropamid. Sec. 341. Fenhexamid. Sec. 342. Mandestrobin technical. Sec. 343. FOE 5043 hydroxy. Sec. 344. 2(Trifluoromethyl)benzamide. Sec. 345. Intermediate CAS no. 59673–82–4. Sec. 346. 2,5bis [(1,3 dioxobutyl)amino]benzenesulfonic acid. Sec. 347. Methyl4trifluoromethoxyphenyl N(chl.) carbamate. Sec. 348. 2Chloroacetoacetanilide (AAOCA). Sec. 349. Acetoacetyl2,5dimethoxy4 chloroanilide. Sec. 350. pAminobenzamide. Sec. 351. 2Amino5cyanoN,3 dimethylbenzamide. Sec. 352. TransNboc Acid. Sec. 353. Perkalink 900. Sec. 354. Dodine. Sec. 355. N,N′mPhenylenedimaleimide. Sec. 356. 1,3Diphenylguanidine. Sec. 357. Flumiclorac pentyl ester. Sec. 358. Creatine. Sec. 359. CreAMINO. Sec. 360. Chlorothalonil. Sec. 361. 2Methoxlyethyl(RS)2(4tert (cyflumetafen). Sec. 362. Bromoxynil octanoate. Sec. 363. Bromoxynil heptanoate. Sec. 364. Cyhalofopbutyl technical. Sec. 365. βCyfluthrin. Sec. 366. Deltamethrin. Sec. 367. Cyfluthrin (excluding β cyfluthrin). Sec. 368. Cypermethrin. 
Sec. 369. Esfenvalerate. Sec. 370. Alphacypermethrin technical. Sec. 371. Zetacypermethrin. Sec. 372. Esfenvalerate. Sec. 373. Fenpropathrin. Sec. 374. Phthalodinitrile CAS 91–15–6. Sec. 375. Diphenylacetonitrile. Sec. 376. IPN. Sec. 377. 3,4Difluorobenzonitrile. Sec. 378. Aminoazobenzenepsulfonic acid. Sec. 379. Methoxyfenozide technical insecticide. Sec. 380. Bifenazate technical. Sec. 381. Trifloxystrobin. Sec. 382. Cyflufenamid. Sec. 383. Tebufenozide. Sec. 384. Carbonohydrazide. Sec. 385. Tralkoxydim wet cake herbicide. Sec. 386. Daminozide. Sec. 387. Aminoguanidine bicarbonate. Sec. 388. ADH. Sec. 389. Certain organic chemicals. Sec. 390. pChlorophenylisocyanate. Sec. 391. Phenylisocyanate. Sec. 392. PCM. Sec. 393. NBPT. Sec. 394. Thiobencarb. Sec. 395. EPTC. Sec. 396. Phosmet. Sec. 397. Mesotrione. Sec. 398. Profenofos. Sec. 399. Clethodim. Sec. 400. Topsin. Sec. 401. AE 747 ether. Sec. 402. 2(Methylthio)4 (trifluoromethyl)benzoic acid. Sec. 403. Optical brightener. Sec. 404. 4,6Bis(octylthiomethyl)o (irganox 1520 L). Sec. 405. 4,4’Thiobis 21,1dimethylethyl5 methylphenol. Sec. 406. Thioether based costabilizer for plastics. Sec. 407. Thiobis(6tertbutyl4methylphenol). Sec. 408. DCDPS, dichlordiphenylsulfone. Sec. 409. Thiodicarb. Sec. 410. Acephate CAS 30560–19–1. Sec. 411. Cadusafos technical. Sec. 412. Methomyl. Sec. 413. Captan technical. Sec. 414. Thiourea dioxide. Sec. 415. Thioglycolic acid. Sec. 416. 2Mercaptoethanol. Sec. 417. Pentaerythritol tetrakis ( β laurylthiopropionate). Sec. 418. BME. Sec. 419. Ditertnonylpolysulfide. Sec. 420. Allyl isothiocyanate. Sec. 421. ACM ester. Sec. 422. Methylphosphinic acid Nbutyl ester (MPE). Sec. 423. PMIDA. Sec. 424. Triphenylphosphine. Sec. 425. Fenbutatin oxide. Sec. 426. Triphenyltin hydroxide. Sec. 427. Ultraviolet dye. Sec. 428. PBA Solid (phenyl boronic acid). Sec. 429. Benzene phosphinic acid. Sec. 430. Morpholinomethane diphosphonic acid. Sec. 431. Glufosinateammonium. Sec. 432. MSMA. Sec. 433. THPC. Sec. 434. THPS. Sec. 436. Metatin katalysator. Sec. 437. Ethephon. Sec. 438. Silicone oil. Sec. 439. Dinotefuran. Sec. 440. Sorbitan caprylate. Sec. 441. Coumaphos. Sec. 442. Spiromesifen. Sec. 443. Spirodiclofen. Sec. 444. Brodifacoum. Sec. 445. Emamectin benzoate. Sec. 446. Gibberellic Acid. Sec. 447. Erythorbic acid. Sec. 449. Ethofumesate. Sec. 450. Carbosulfan technical. Sec. 451. Helional. Sec. 452. Reaction mass of (rel2R,4R) tetrahydo (pyranol). Sec. 453. Augeo clean plus or augeo film. Sec. 454. Frescolat MGA. Sec. 455. Fenpyroximate. Sec. 456. Pyraclonil. Sec. 457. Pyraflufenethyl. Sec. 458. Tolfenpyrad. Sec. 459. Penflufen. Sec. 460. Pyrazole: aromatic pesticide (fipronil). Sec. 461. Pyraclostrobin technical. Sec. 462. Sedaxane. Sec. 463. Solatenol. Sec. 464. Fenpyrazamine. Sec. 465. Technical tolpyralate herbicide. Sec. 466. 3(Difluoromethyl)1methylN (3′,(xemium tech). Sec. 467. Iprodione. Sec. 468. Triflumizole technical. Sec. 469. Fenamidone. Sec. 470. Technical cyazofamid fungicide. Sec. 471. 1Methylhydantoin2imide. Sec. 472. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 473. Fluopicolide. Sec. 474. Fluopyram. Sec. 475. 2ChloroN(4 ′chlorobipheny (boscalid tech). Sec. 476. Technical isofetamid fungicide. Sec. 477. Technical fluazinam fungicide. Sec. 478. Technical pyriofenone fungicide. Sec. 479. Paraquat dichloride. Sec. 480. Imazethapyr. Sec. 481. Fluridone. Sec. 482. Bicyclopyrone. Sec. 483. Clopyralid technical. Sec. 484. Picloram technical. Sec. 485. Clodinafoppropargyl. Sec. 486. Aminopyralid technical. Sec. 487. Triclopyr. Sec. 488. Fluroxpyr technical. Sec. 489. Arylex technical herbicide. Sec. 490. Mepiquat chloride. Sec. 491. Imidacloprid. Sec. 492. Saltidin. Sec. 493. Acetamiprid technical. Sec. 494. 2Chloro6trichloromethyl pyridine. Sec. 495. Copper 1oxidopyridine2thione. Sec. 496. Pyridalyl. Sec. 497. Pyriproxyfen. Sec. 498. Benzimidazole. Sec. 499. Relebactam (MK7655). Sec. 500. 2,3Dichloro5 (trifluoromethyl)pyridine. Sec. 501. 2Acetylnicotinic acid. Sec. 502. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 503. 5Methylmethoxypyridine2,3 dicar. Sec. 504. 5Methylpyridine2,3dicarboxylic acid. Sec. 505. 5Methylpyridine2,3dicarboxylic acid (5MPDC). Sec. 506. 2,3Pyridinedicarboxylic acid. Sec. 507. N,N′Bis(2,2,6,6tetramethyl4 (uvinul 4050). Sec. 508. Bis(1,2,2,6,6pentamethyl4pi (tinuvin 765). Sec. 509. N,N′Bis(2,2,6,6tetramethyl4 piperidinyl)isoph. Sec. 510. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 511. Acylated sterically hindered light stabilizer. Sec. 512. MTMP intermediate. Sec. 513. 2Cyanopyridine. Sec. 514. NButylTAD. Sec. 515. Food and feed preservative. Sec. 516. Quinclorac. Sec. 517. Cloquintocentmexyl. Sec. 518. Cloquintocet acid. Sec. 519. Quinaldine. Sec. 520. Butafenacil. Sec. 521. Terbacil. Sec. 522. Bispyribac sodium. Sec. 523. Azoxystrobin. Sec. 524. Cyprodinil technical. Sec. 525. Pyrimethanil. Sec. 526. 6BA. Sec. 527. 5Ethyl6 octyl[1,2,4]triazol(ametoctradine). Sec. 528. Bromacil. Sec. 529. Pirimiphosmethyl. Sec. 530. Aminocyclopyrachlor. Sec. 531. Letermovir (MK8228). Sec. 532. Benzo[h]quinazolin4(3H)one derivative (MK7622). Sec. 533. Pyrifluquinazon. Sec. 534. DEDS. Sec. 535. Phenyl(4,6dimethoxypyrimidin 2yl)carbamate. Sec. 536. MethylIodouracil. Sec. 537. Pyrimisulfan. Sec. 538. DMDS. Sec. 539. Triethylenediamine. Sec. 540. DAT intermediate. Sec. 541. 2Amino4,6dimethylpyrimidine. Sec. 542. ADTP. Sec. 543. Cyanuric chloride. Sec. 544. Metribuzin. Sec. 545. Hexazinone. Sec. 546. Pymetrozine. Sec. 547. Atrazine. Sec. 548. Simazine. Sec. 549. High performance halogen free flame retardant. Sec. 550. Propazine. Sec. 551. Indaziflam. Sec. 552. Phenol,2(4,6dIphenyl1,3,(tinuvin 1577). Sec. 553. 2hydroxyphenylstriazine(tinuvin 1600). Sec. 554. Terbutryn. Sec. 555. Tris (2hydroxyethyl) isocyanurate (THEIC). Sec. 556. 2Amino4methoxy6methyl 1,3,5triazine. Sec. 557. 2Methyl4methoxy6 methylamino1,3,5triazine. Sec. 558. Triallyl cyanurate. Sec. 559. UniconazoleP. Sec. 560. Spirotetramat. Sec. 561. Doravirine (MK1439). Sec. 562. Grilbond IL6. Sec. 563. Myclobutanil technical fungicide. Sec. 564. Fenbuconazole fungicide. Sec. 565. Fenazaquin. Sec. 566. Technical cyclaniliprole insecticide. Sec. 567. Pyridaben. Sec. 568. Triadimefon. Sec. 569. Pyraziflumid. Sec. 570. Cyproconazole. Sec. 571. Tebuconazole. Sec. 572. Hetero w/nitor: pesticides: other (triticonazole). Sec. 573. Metconazole. Sec. 574. Prothioconazole. Sec. 575. Paclobutrazol. Sec. 576. Carbendazim. Sec. 577. Flutriafol. Sec. 578. Ipconazole. Sec. 579. Tetraconazole. Sec. 580. Carfentrazone. Sec. 581. ECONEA technical. Sec. 582. UV absorber. Sec. 583. UV absorber. Sec. 584. Dianil. Sec. 585. NORBLOC 7966. Sec. 586. Hydro. Sec. 587. Amino ethyl carbazole (AEC). Sec. 588. 1,3 Diamino isoindoline. Sec. 589. Polyaziridine (PZ33). Sec. 590. 1,2,4Triazole. Sec. 591. 3Amino5mercapto1,2,4. Sec. 592. Hexythiazox. Sec. 593. Thiacloprid. Sec. 594. Ruzasvir (MK8408). Sec. 595. Isavuconazonium sulfate. Sec. 596. 2(1,3Thiazol5yl)2H3,1 benzoxazine derivative. Sec. 597. 3,6Dimethyl6Hbenzo oxazino[3,4a]indole. Sec. 598. Clothianidin. Sec. 599. Thiamethoxam. 
Sec. 600. Ethaboxam. Sec. 601. Vulkacit merkapto/MGC. Sec. 602. 2BBA. Sec. 603. 2Amino 4methyl benzothiazole. Sec. 604. Vulkacit ZMW. Sec. 605. Oxadiazon. Sec. 606. Difenoconazole. Sec. 607. Fludioxinil technical. Sec. 608. Propiconazole. Sec. 609. Carboxin. Sec. 610. 1,2Benzisothiazolin3(2H)one,2 butyl. Sec. 611. 4[3(4Chlorophenyl)3(3,4 dimethoxyph). Sec. 612. Oxathiapiprolin. Sec. 613. Fluoxastrobin. Sec. 614. Isoxaflutole. Sec. 615. Bentazon. Sec. 616. Thidiazuron. Sec. 617. Heterocyclic:other: herbicides: topramezone. Sec. 618. Pinoxaden. Sec. 619. Isoxaben technical herbicide. Sec. 620. Clomazone. Sec. 621. Fluthiacetmethyl. Sec. 622. Flumioxazin. Sec. 623. Buprofezin. Sec. 624. Flupyradifurone. Sec. 625. Fluralaner (AH252723). Sec. 626. OBPA. Sec. 627. Etoxazole. Sec. 628. Agricultural chemical. Sec. 629. Crisaborole. Sec. 630. Sarolaner. Sec. 631. Elbasvir (MK8742). Sec. 632. Uprifosbuvir (MK3682). Sec. 633. Suvorexant (MK4305). Sec. 634. Ertugliflozin Lpyroglutamic acid. Sec. 635. Isoxadifenethyl. Sec. 636. NA11. Sec. 637. UV absorber. Sec. 638. 2H3,1Benzoxazine2,4(1H)dione. Sec. 639. Penthiopyrad. Sec. 640. 2Amino3cyano thiophene. Sec. 641. Tebuthiuron technical. Sec. 642. NEM salt. Sec. 643. 3MTMFluorinert and performance fluid. Sec. 644. Etridiazole. Sec. 645. Pyroxasulfone technical. Sec. 646. Isatoic anhydride. Sec. 647. Grazoprevir (MK5172). Sec. 648. Cyprosulfamide. Sec. 649. Triasulfuron. Sec. 650. Trifloxysulfuron. Sec. 651. Paratoluen sulphonyl hydrazide. Sec. 652. Sulfentrazone. Sec. 653. Sulfometuronmethyl. Sec. 654. Bensulfuron methyl. Sec. 655. Tosyl4CPP. Sec. 656. Asulam. Sec. 657. Flucarbazonesodium. Sec. 658. Pyroxsulam herbicide. Sec. 659. Methyl 2(aminosulfonyl) benzoate. Sec. 660. Methyl 3sulfamoylthiophene2 carboxylate. Sec. 661. 3(Ethylsulfonyl)2 pyridinesulfonamide. Sec. 662. Carbamic acid, N[[3[(dimethyl. . .], phenyl ester. Sec. 663. Imazosulfuron. Sec. 664. 5Fluoropicolinamide derivative. Sec. 665. Oryzalin. Sec. 666. Stevia rebiana. Sec. 667. Purified steviol glycoside, rebaudioside A. Sec. 668. Purified steviol glycoside, rebaudioside M. Sec. 669. dMannose. Sec. 670. Trehalose. Sec. 671. Iron sodium EDDHA. Sec. 672. Chlorophyllin. Sec. 673. Black carrot color concentrate. Sec. 674. Purple sweet potato color concentrate. Sec. 675. Red cabbage color concentrate. Sec. 676. Red radish color concentrate. Sec. 677. Disperse blue 56. Sec. 678. Disperse blue 284. Sec. 679. Disperse blue 73. Sec. 680. Mixture of disperse blue 60 M, disperse blue 60 ME. Sec. 681. Mix of disperse blue 77, 56, 60M, 60ME, 77. Sec. 682. Mixture of disperse yellow 64, 211, 42, and 54. Sec. 683. Disperse yellow 218. Sec. 684. Mixture of disperse yellow 163, etc.. Sec. 685. Mixture of disperse orange T9601, etc.. Sec. 686. Mixture of solvent yellow 163, etc. (black HLAS). Sec. 687. Mix of disperse blue ANT (Br), etc (Dx blk XF2). Sec. 688. Mixture of disperse blue 77 and disperse blue 60 M. Sec. 689. Disperse yellow 184:1. Sec. 690. Mix of disperse blue ANT (BR), etc. (Dx navy XF2). Sec. 691. Disperse orange FC84508. Sec. 692. Mixt of disperse blue 60 M, etc (Dx turquoise XF). Sec. 693. Disperse yellow 71. Sec. 694. Mix of disp blue 77, etc (Dx black AMSLR conc). Sec. 695. Mix of disperse yellow 163, etc. (Dx black HLAE). Sec. 696. Mix of disperse red 356, 367, & H111030. Sec. 697. Mix of disperse red 1042A & disperse red 1042B. Sec. 698. Mix of disp blue 77, 60 M, & disp yellow 71. Sec. 699. Disperse blue 60. Sec. 700. Disperse blue 77. Sec. 701. Disperse blue 79:1. Sec. 702. Disperse red EFB. Sec. 703. Disperse yellow 64. Sec. 704. Mix of disperse blue 73 A & disperse blue 73 P. Sec. 705. Acid red 92 (phloxine disodium salt). Sec. 706. Solvent blue 182. Sec. 707. Acid black 194. Sec. 708. Acid red 52. Sec. 709. Acid dye for pigment red 144. Sec. 710. Sanodal deep black HBL. Sec. 711. Acid red 182. Sec. 712. Acid orange 67. Sec. 713. Acid blue 324. Sec. 714. Acid blue 171. Sec. 715. Mixture of acid black 220A and acid black 220 B. Sec. 716. Acid red 87 (eosine disodium salt). Sec. 717. Acid dyes; acid blue 9. Sec. 718. Acid blue 80. Sec. 719. Acid yellow 23. Sec. 720. Basic yellow 40 dye. Sec. 721. Methyl violet dye liquid. Sec. 722. Basic red 1:1. Sec. 723. Basic green 1. Sec. 724. Rhodamine blue shade dye liquid CAS 64381993. Sec. 725. Basic violet 11:1 rhodamine dye powder. Sec. 726. Direct blue 71. Sec. 727. Direct blue 279. Sec. 728. Direct violet 51. Sec. 729. Direct violet 9 crude. Sec. 730. Indigo, vat blue 1. Sec. 731. Pigment orange 43/vat orange 7. Sec. 732. Vat red 15. Sec. 733. Vat blue 66. Sec. 734. Vat blue 19. Sec. 735. Reduced vat blue 43. Sec. 736. Vat blue 1, reduced. Sec. 737. Isoviolanthrone—vat violet 10. Sec. 738. Vat blue 4. Sec. 739. Reactive blue 19. Sec. 740. Reactive red 195. Sec. 741. Mixture of reactive blue 19 and reactive blue 187. Sec. 742. Reactive blue FC75311. Sec. 743. Reactive yellow F00–0155. Sec. 744. Mixture of reactive red 198 and reactive red 239. Sec. 745. Reactive blue 187. Sec. 746. Reactive orange 131. Sec. 747. Reactive black 5. Sec. 748. Reactive red 180. Sec. 749. Reactive black 005. Sec. 750. Copper phthalocyanine blue crude. Sec. 751. Copper phthalocyanine monosulfonate. Sec. 752. G500 blue crude. Sec. 753. Fastogen blue KMB1. Sec. 754. Copper phthalocyanine green 7. Sec. 755. Copperchloro PCN crude for pigment making. Sec. 756. Solvent orange 63. Sec. 757. Solvent yellow 160:1. Sec. 758. 4[(E)Phenyldiazenyl]aniline. Sec. 759. Solvent red 179. Sec. 760. Solvent blue 104. Sec. 761. Solvent violet 13 (CI 60725). Sec. 762. Solvent yellow 195. Sec. 763. Solvent yellow 163. Sec. 764. Solvent red 227. Sec. 765. Solvent red 169. Sec. 766. Solvent yellow 114. Sec. 767. Solvent orange 60. Sec. 768. Solvent red 135. Sec. 769. Solvent blue 35. Sec. 770. Solvent violet 11 (CI 61100). Sec. 771. 2,4Dinitrophenol, also called sulphur black 1. Sec. 772. Mono or diphthalimido methyl cupcn. Sec. 773. Solubilized sulphur black 1. Sec. 774. Optical brightener. Sec. 775. Optical brightener. Sec. 776. Phthalocyanine blue additive CAS no 70750639. Sec. 777. Organic luminescent pigments and dyes. Sec. 778. Phospherescent pigments zinc sulfide, copper doped. Sec. 779. Pigment yellow 184. Sec. 780. Yttrium oxide ‘YOX’. Sec. 781. Lanthanum phosphate ‘LAP’. Sec. 782. Barium magnesium aluminate ‘BAM’. Sec. 783. Yttrium oxide & lanthanum phosphate ‘YOX/LAP’. Sec. 784. ‘HALO’ FLUPDR NP1007 /54, reclaimed. Sec. 785. Barium magnesium aluminate phosphor / ‘BAMGRN’. Sec. 786. Glass powder. Sec. 787. Prestabilized mixtures of metal carboxylates. Sec. 788. Resin cement. Sec. 789. Cold pressed orange oil. Sec. 790. Cold pressed grapefruit oil. Sec. 791. Oil of lemon eucalyptus (OLE). Sec. 792. ADV 7800 SME. Sec. 793. ADV 7800 AW. Sec. 794. ADV 7850 AME. Sec. 795. ADV 7800 SW. Sec. 796. Petroleum sulfonic acids, sodium salt. Sec. 797. Ceteareth60 myristyl glycol. Sec. 798. Esters. Sec. 799. Pentaerythritol monooleate. Sec. 800. Polymeric wetting agent. Sec. 801. Sorpol. Sec. 802. Plaster mold release agent. Sec. 805. Instant print film. Sec. 806. Poly pale ester 10. Sec. 807. Dymerex. Sec. 808. βCyfluthrin formulations. Sec. 809. Flupyradifurone formulations. Sec. 810. Imidacloprid + βcyfluthrin formulations. Sec. 811. Imidacloprid + thiodicarb formulations. 
Sec. 812. Spiromesifen formulations. Sec. 813. Spirotetramat formulations. Sec. 814. Clothianidin + βcyfluthrin formulations. Sec. 815. Tetrachlorvinfos Formulations. 
Sec. 816. Mixtures of clofentezine. Sec. 817. Acequinocyl. Sec. 818. Flonicamid. Sec. 819. Gammacyhalothrin formulations. Sec. 820. AcetamipridE, whether or not mixed. Sec. 821. Zinc phosphate formulations. Sec. 822. Azadirachtin. Sec. 823. Abamectin. Sec. 824. Acephate formulations. Sec. 825. Clothianidin + bacillus firmus formulations. Sec. 826. Clothianidin formulations (acceleron IC–609). Sec. 827. Insecticides, aromatic, or modified aromatic. Sec. 828. Methomyl. Sec. 829. Evergol fungicide. Sec. 830. Fluoxastrobin formulations. Sec. 831. Triadimefon + trifloxystrobin formulations. Sec. 832. Triadimefon formulations. Sec. 833. Penflufen + prothioconazole formulations. Sec. 834. Raxil pro shield. Sec. 835. Elatus. Sec. 836. Oxathiapiprolin. Sec. 837. Fluopyram + tebuconazole formulations. Sec. 838. Fluopyram + bacillus firmus formulations. Sec. 839. Prothioconazole + tebuconazole formulations. Sec. 840. Trifloxystrobin + prothioconazole formulations. Sec. 841. Gaucho XT. Sec. 842. Trifloxystrobin and Tebuconazole formulations. Sec. 843. Fluopyram and Pyrimethanil formulations. Sec. 844. Fluopyram and Trifloxystrobin formulations. Sec. 845. Trifloxystrobin and Propiconazole formulations. Sec. 846. Trifloxystrobin formulations. Sec. 847. Fluopyram and Prothioconazole formulations. Sec. 848. Prothioconazole formulations. Sec. 849. Fenhexamid. Sec. 850. Fluopyram formulations. Sec. 851. Fluopyram and Imidacloprid formulations. Sec. 852. Fungaflor 500EC. Sec. 853. Fungaflor 75WSG. Sec. 854. Penbotec 400SC. Sec. 855. Quintec fungicide. Sec. 856. Mixtures of Famoxadone, Cymoxanil, and application adjuvants. Sec. 857. Trifloxystrobin and Cyproconazole formulations. Sec. 858. Fluopyram and Clothianidin formulations. Sec. 859. Iprodione and Trifloxystrobin Formulations. Sec. 860. Tetraconazole and Azoxystrobin. Sec. 861. Tetraconazole and Chlorothalonil. Sec. 862. Ziram. Sec. 863. Thiram. Sec. 864. Allyl isothiocyanate 96 percent active. Sec. 865. Copper hydroxide and copper oxychloride. Sec. 866. Copper hydroxide and application adjuvants. Sec. 867. Kasugamycin and application adjuvants. Sec. 868. Polyoxin D Zinc Salt. Sec. 869. Propamocarb hydrochloride mixtures. Sec. 870. Problad plusfracture. Sec. 871. Dodine mixtures. Sec. 872. Fysium packs. Sec. 873. Tachigaren 70WP. Sec. 874. Propoxycarbazonesodium formulations (olympus). Sec. 875. Huskie herbicide. Sec. 876. Foramsulfuron formulations. Sec. 877. Mesosulfuronmethyl formulations. Sec. 878. Isoxaflutole formulations. Sec. 879. Indaziflam and Rimsulfuron formulations. Sec. 880. Pyraflufen ethyl 40 percent (ET MB 40). Sec. 881. Paclobutrazole formulations. Sec. 882. Prosulfuron. Sec. 883. 1,1
′Dimethyl–4,4′bipyridinium dichloride. Sec. 884. Acifluorfen MUP. Sec. 885. Asulam sodium salt formulations. Sec. 886. Napropamide formulations. Sec. 887. Sulfometuronmethyl formulations. Sec. 888. Formulated bentazone. Sec. 889. Isoxaflutole and Cyprosulfamide formulations. Sec. 890. Isoxadifenethyl and Tembotrione formulations. Sec. 891. Mixtures of Rimsulfuron. Sec. 892. Osprey XTRA herbicide. Sec. 893. Tupersan. Sec. 894. Sulfentrazone. Sec. 895. Formulated Pyrithiobacsodium. Sec. 896. Triflusulfuron methyl formulated products. Sec. 897. Indazaflam formulations. Sec. 898. Huskie complete herbicide. Sec. 899. Tribute total. Sec. 900. Orthosulfamuron. Sec. 901. Fipronil. Sec. 902. (2Chloroethyl)trimethyl (cycocel PGR). Sec. 903. Avadex microactiv. Sec. 904. Buckle. Sec. 905. Flazasulfuron herbicide. Sec. 906. Fosamine. Sec. 907. Propargite mixtures. Sec. 908. 5Amino1,3dihydro2H benzimidazol2one. Sec. 909. Ricinoleic acid. Sec. 910. Lubricant additive. Sec. 911. Lubricate additive (Irgalube 353). Sec. 912. Fuel oil additivecold flow improver. Sec. 913. Lubricity improver. Sec. 914. Rhenogran CLD80. Sec. 915. Rhenogran Diuron80. Sec. 916. Rhenogran Geniplex70. Sec. 917. Disflamoll DPK. Sec. 918. Mesamoll. Sec. 919. Vulkanox ZMB2/C5. Sec. 920. Antioxidizing preparations (Irganox 1141). Sec. 921. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 922. Reaction products of phosphorus trichloride. Sec. 923. Phenol, 4methyl, reaction products. Sec. 924. Triazine derivative (Tinuvin NOR 371 FF). Sec. 925. Synthetic hydrotalcite coated with stearic acid. Sec. 926. Potassium methylate solution. Sec. 927. Coflake HZ. Sec. 928. Temposil 45 scorch retarder. Sec. 929. Penta amino aceto nitrate cobalt III. Sec. 930. Branched C24 benzene alkylate. Sec. 931. Glycol ester. Sec. 932. Palm fatty acid distillate (PFAD). Sec. 933. 9,11Octadecadienoic acid (9Z,(tonalin FFA80). Sec. 934. Laurylcetyl alcohol. Sec. 935. Emitter suspension. Sec. 936. Organomodified siloxanes combined with silica. Sec. 937. Aminonitrile. Sec. 938. Light stabilizer/UVabsorber for coatings. Sec. 939. Polymeric ester blend. Sec. 940. CE1618BL Methyl palmitate/oleate. Sec. 941. NPropylthophosphoryl triamide (NPPT). Sec. 942. Iminodisuccinate. Sec. 943. Bleaching additive. Sec. 944. Mixtures of C5–C18 perfluorocarbon alkanes, perfluorocarbon amines, and perfluorocarbon ethers. Sec. 945. Certain specialty monomers. Sec. 946. Silicon dioxide. Sec. 947. Sodium ethylate. Sec. 948. Organomodified siloxanes combined with silica. Sec. 949. Sucrose stearate. Sec. 950. Synthetic acid washed beta zeolite powder. Sec. 951. Polymers of ethylene, other. Sec. 952. Mineral filled polypropylene pellets. Sec. 953. Polyisobutylene: other. Sec. 954. Polyisobutylene. Sec. 955. Propyleneethylene copolymer. Sec. 956. Methoxysilanated amorphous poly alpha olefin. Sec. 957. Amorphous alpha olefin with high softening point. Sec. 958. Polymethylpentene (PMP) polyolefin copolymer. Sec. 959. AlphaAlkenes (C20–C24) maleic anhyd. Sec. 960. Nonfunctionalized polybutadiene. Sec. 961. Vinylacetatevinylchloride copolymer. Sec. 962. Poly(fumaric acidcovinyl acetatecovinyl chloride). Sec. 963. Vinyl chloride copolymer. Sec. 964. Vinyl chloridehydroxypropyl acrylate copolymer. Sec. 965. Aquivion (acid form) dispersion. Sec. 966. Aquivion (SO2F). Sec. 967. Aquivion (li salt). Sec. 968. Aquivion (NH4 salt). Sec. 969. Solvene. Sec. 970. Solvene T. Sec. 971. Solvera / Fluorolink PT5060. Sec. 972. Galden fluids with boiling points above 170 degrees Celsius. Sec. 973. Fomblin W 500. Sec. 974. Fomlbin M and Z lubricants. Sec. 975. Fomblin MD grades. Sec. 976. Fomblin DA306. Sec. 977. Fomblin DA 305, Galden MF310. Sec. 978. Fomblin T4 and Fomblin Z tetraol products. Sec. 979. Fomblin Z DOL and Fluorolink D series. Sec. 980. Fomblin Z DEAL, Fluorolink L series. Sec. 981. Fomblin ETX, Fluorolink E series. Sec. 982. Tetraethylene glycol. Sec. 983. Fluorolink S10. Sec. 984. Polyvinyl acetate. Sec. 985. Vinyl acetatealkeneoic acid copolymer. Sec. 986. Ethylenevinyl acetate copolymers. Sec. 987. Polyvinyl formal resin. Sec. 988. D500. Sec. 989. ACUSOL. Sec. 990. Polymeric sulfonic acid. Sec. 991. 2Propenoic acid, sodium salt. Sec. 992. Poly(butyl methacrylate). Sec. 993. Poly(ethyl acrylatecomethyl methacrylate). Sec. 994. Poly(methacrylic acidcomethyl methacrylate) 1:1. Sec. 995. Poly(methyl acrylatecomethyl methacrylate. Sec. 996. Zeba. Sec. 997. UV absorber. Sec. 998. Highperformance dispersant used in concrete. Sec. 999. Solvera PT 5045, Solvera XPH723. Sec. 1000. Heatcurable epoxy resin mixture. Sec. 1001. Liquid resin known as Chemitylene or TC2. Sec. 1002. Sorbitol diglycidyl ether epoxide resin. Sec. 1003. Sulfonated polyethylene terephthalate. Sec. 1004. Linear hydroxylterminated aliphatic polycarb diol. Sec. 1005. Linear aliphatic polycarbonate polyester. 
Sec. 1006. Hindered amine light stabilizer. Sec. 1007. Polymer of 1,4 benzenedicarboxylic acid with 1,4butanediol and hexanedioic acid. Sec. 1008. 1,4Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4 butanediol and decanedioc acid. Sec. 1009. 1,4Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4butanediol, hexanedioic acid and nonanedioic acid. Sec. 1010. 1,4Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer with 1,4butanediol, decanedioic acid and hexanedioic acid. Sec. 1011. Polyester resin. Sec. 1012. 1,4Benzenedicarboxylic acid, polymer. Sec. 1013. Grilamid TR 90. Sec. 1014. Orgasol polyamide powders. Sec. 1015. Grilamid TR 30. Sec. 1016. Grilamid TR 60. Sec. 1017. Methylene dianiline 50. Sec. 1018. Phenol, 4(1,1dimethylethyl) ,polymer with formaldehyde. Sec. 1019. Phenol, 4,4 ′(1 methylethylidine)bis, polymer. Sec. 1020. Formaldehyde1,3benzenediol (1:1). Sec. 1021. Polyurethane hardener. Sec. 1022. H12MDI based aliphatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1023. TDI based blocked aromatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1024. Selfcross linking, stoving polyurethane resin. Sec. 1025. Silane terminated polyurethane prepolymer resin. Sec. 1026. Hydrogenated polymers of norbornene derivatives. Sec. 1027. Polyethyleneimine, refrigerated in containers holding not more than 1 liter. Sec. 1028. Polyethyleneimine, components for manufacturing into medical devices. Sec. 1029. Aliphatic/aromatic polyisocyanate copolymer. Sec. 1030. TDI based aromatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1031. Water dispersible HDI based polyisocyanate. Sec. 1032. Water dispersible HDI based polyisocyanate. Sec. 1033. IPDI based aliphatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1034. HDI based aliphatic polyisocyanate. Sec. 1035. Nourybond 276 curing agent. Sec. 1036. P84 polyimide powder. Sec. 1037. Modified ethylenenorbornene copolymer. Sec. 1038. 1,6Hexanediamine,NN ′ bis(2,2,6,6tet. Sec. 1039. Amberlite XAD4. Sec. 1040. Certain industrial nitrocellulose, damped with an alcohol content of 28 to 32 percent. Sec. 1041. Certain industrial nitrocellulose, damped with an alcohol content of 33 to 37 percent. Sec. 1042. Sodium alginate. Sec. 1043. Propylene glycol alginate (PGA). Sec. 1044. Alginic acid and other alginates. Sec. 1045. Sodium alginate containing citrate. Sec. 1046. Sodium hyaluronate. Sec. 1047. Weak acid cation ionexchange resin. Sec. 1048. Weak acid macroporous cation ionexchange resins. Sec. 1049. Ionexchange resin comprised of divinylbenzene copolymerized with styrene and ethylstyrene. Sec. 1050. Ionexchange resin comprised of a copolymer of methacrylic acid crosslinked with divinylbenzene. Sec. 1051. Ionexchange resin utilizing a type I quaternary ammonium functional group. Sec. 1052. Ionexchange resin, free base form. Sec. 1053. Ionexchange resin, chloride form. Sec. 1054. Amberlite IRP69. Sec. 1055. Anion ionexchange resin. Sec. 1056. Amberlite IRC748. Sec. 1057. DOWEX* MAC3. Sec. 1058. Iminidiacetic acid ionexchange resin. Sec. 1059. Ionexchange resin and chelating resin with a isothiouronium functional group. Sec. 1060. Ionexchange resin and chelating resin with an aminophosphoric functional group. Sec. 1061. Amberlite IRP88. Sec. 1062. Strips of 100 percent ePTFE sealant between 3mm and 30mm thick. Sec. 1063. Plastic tubes, not reinforced, polyvinyl. Sec. 1064. Polyethylene microtubes. Sec. 1065. Plastic, other fittings. Sec. 1066. Transparent polypropylene flat film. Sec. 1067. Acrylic poly methacrylate. Sec. 1068. Acrylic films. Sec. 1069. Saflex. Sec. 1070. Regen cellulose sheets for industrial sponges. Sec. 1071. Expanded PTFE sheets between 1.6mm and 3mm thick for sealants. Sec. 1072. Expanded PTFE sheets between 3.1mm and 6.00mm thick for sealants. Sec. 1073. Thermoplastic containers. Sec. 1074. PE plug cap with holding top and inserting bottom. Sec. 1075. Thermoplastic closures. Sec. 1076. Plastic lids for food storage containers. Sec. 1077. Plastic cap for squeezable sport water bottle. Sec. 1078. Single wrapped cutlery joined by a skewer. Sec. 1079. Set of plastic cutlery wrapped in paper. Sec. 1080. 98 percent polypropylene disposable cutlery. 
Sec. 1081. Plastic pet crate pan. Sec. 1082. Plastic ornamentation for aquariums. Sec. 1083. Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves of plastic. Sec. 1084. Plastic handles for coolers. Sec. 1085. Belting for machinery containing textile components. Sec. 1086. Plastic clip fasteners. Sec. 1087. Golf bag component top bottom divider. Sec. 1090. Quick Clamps. Sec. 1091. Certain plastic smartphone cases. Sec. 1092. Plastic reusable freezer packs. Sec. 1093. Threeway camera mounts. Sec. 1094. Head straps and quickclips for cameras. Sec. 1095. Buoyant pistol grip camera mounts. Sec. 1096. Suction cup camera mounts. Sec. 1097. Camera mounts designed to hold 2 cameras. Sec. 1098. Frame mounts for cameras. Sec. 1099. Large tube mounts for cameras. Sec. 1100. Circular adhesive mounts for cameras. Sec. 1101. Plastic screen protectors for cameras. Sec. 1102. Replacement door housings for cameras. Sec. 1103. Replacement camera doors. Sec. 1104. Seatpost camera mounts. Sec. 1105. Adhesive camera mounts. Sec. 1106. Camera surfboard mounts. Sec. 1107. Camera tethers. Sec. 1108. Flexible camera mountings without clamps. Sec. 1109. Assorted plastic camera mounts. Sec. 1110. Camera mounts for musical instruments. Sec. 1111. Conveyor belting of vulcanized rubber. Sec. 1112. Automotive gaskets, washers, and other seals. Sec. 1114. Camera flotation devices. Sec. 1115. Small camera floatation devices. Sec. 1116. Certain highquality bull hides. Sec. 1117. Life jackets for pets. Sec. 1118. Collapsible insulated food and beverage bags. Sec. 1119. Doll diaper bags. Sec. 1121. Doll carriers with windows. Sec. 1122. Doll carriers without windows. Sec. 1123. Nonwoven polypropylene bags. Sec. 1124. Novelty backpacks with decorative plastic shells in the shape of a shield. Sec. 1125. Novelty backpacks with decorative plastic shells in the shape of animals. Sec. 1126. Other novelty backpacks with decorative plastic shells. Sec. 1127. Backpacks with removable pouches. Sec. 1128. Binocular carrying cases, valued $20 or over. Sec. 1129. Bags designed for janitorial carts. Sec. 1130. Sets of 5 drawstring bags. Sec. 1131. Certain cases for electronic games or accessories. Sec. 1132. Plastic pet carriers. Sec. 1133. Camera dive housings. Sec. 1134. Camera wrist housings. Sec. 1136. Camera housings for waterproof operation not below 40m. Sec. 1137. Skeleton camera housings. Sec. 1138. Opaque camera housings. Sec. 1140. Batting gloves of leather. Sec. 1141. Leather gloves with flip mitts for hunting. Sec. 1142. Boxing and mixed martial arts gloves of leather. Sec. 1143. Leather gloves with fourchettes. Sec. 1144. Leather gloves without fourchettes. Sec. 1145. Men’s leather gloves valued at $18 or more per pair. Sec. 1148. Woven bamboo products. Sec. 1149. Woven wood products. Sec. 1151. Cashmere, not carded or combed. Sec. 1152. Camel hair, not carded or combed. Sec. 1153. Camel hair. Sec. 1154. Noils of camel hair. Sec. 1155. Cashmere, carded or combed. Sec. 1156. Camel hair, carded or combed. Sec. 1157. Yarn of carded cashmere, with a yarn count of 19.35 metric or higher. Sec. 1158. Yarn of carded cashmere, with a yarn count of less than 19.35 metric. Sec. 1159. Yarn of carded camel hair. Sec. 1160. Yarn of combed cashmere or yarn of camel hair. Sec. 1161. Woven fabric of carded vicuna hair of a weight not exceeding 300 g/m2. Sec. 1162. Woven fabric of carded vicuna hair of a weight exceeding 300 g/m2. Sec. 1163. Woven fabric of combed vicuna hair of a weight not exceeding 200 g/m2. Sec. 1164. Woven fabric of combed vicuna hair of a weight exceeding 200 g/m2. Sec. 1165. Production roll bleached woven cotton gauze. Sec. 1166. Bleached pique fabric. Sec. 1167. Dyed pique fabric. Sec. 1168. 50D nylon. Sec. 1169. Untwisted filament polyvinyl alcohol yarn. Sec. 1170. Grilon yarn. Sec. 1171. High tenacity single rayon yarn with a decitex equal to or greater than 1,000. Sec. 1172. High tenacity single rayon yarn with a decitex less than 1,000. Sec. 1173. High tenacity multiple or cabled rayon yarn. Sec. 1174. Single yarn of viscose rayon. Sec. 1175. Twisted yarn of viscose rayon. Sec. 1176. Polypropylene (PP) monofilament. Sec. 1178. 80D nylon. Sec. 1179. Elastic, waterrepellent woven polyester fabric. 
Sec. 1180. Acrylic fiber tow with an average decitex of between 2 and 5. Sec. 1181. Acrylic filament tow with an average decitex of 2.2. Sec. 1182. Acrylic fiber tow with an average decitex of 3.3. Sec. 1183. Polyacrylonitrile tow with an average decitex of 2.75. Sec. 1184. Polyacrylonitrile tow with an average decitex of 3.3. Sec. 1185. Acrylic filament tow with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6. Sec. 1186. Acrylic filament tow with a decitex of 3.3. Sec. 1187. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fibers, not processed. Sec. 1188. Modacrylic staple fibers with an average decitex of 2.2 and a fiber length of 38mm. Sec. 1189. Modacrylic staple fibers with an average dexitex of 2.2 and a fiber length of 51mm. Sec. 1190. Modacrylic staple fibers with an average decitex of 1.7 and a fiber length of 51mm. Sec. 1191. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length of 38mm. Sec. 1192. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length of 40mm. Sec. 1193. Synthetic staple fibers not processed for spinning. Sec. 1194. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 40 and 47.5mm and a solar reflectance index less than 10. Sec. 1195. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 40 and 47.5mm and a solar reflectance index between 10 and 30. Sec. 1196. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 40 and 47.5 mm and a solar reflectance index greater than 30. Sec. 1197. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 48 and 60mm and a solar reflectance index less than 10. Sec. 1198. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 48 and 60mm and a solar reflectance index between 10 and 30. Sec. 1199. Acrylic staple fibers with a fiber length between 48 and 60mm and a solar reflectance index greater than 30. Sec. 1200. Modacrylic staple fiber with a decitex of 1.7 and a fiber length of 38mm. Sec. 1201. Acrylic staple fibers not processed for spinning. Sec. 1202. Modified acrylic flame retardant staple fiber with a decitex of 2.7. Sec. 1203. Modified acrylic flame retardant staple fiber with a decitex of 3.9. Sec. 1204. Acrylic fiber staple, dyed. Sec. 1205. Flame retardant rayon fiber. Sec. 1206. Cellulosic manmade viscose rayon staple fiber. Sec. 1207. Cellulosic manmade shortcut viscose rayon fiber. Sec. 1208. Flame resistant staple fibers of viscose rayon. Sec. 1209. Rayon staple fibers for use in goods of heading 9619. Sec. 1210. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 4.7 and a length of 60mm. Sec. 1211. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 3.3 and a length of 60mm. Sec. 1212. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 5.0 and a length of 60mm. Sec. 1213. Flame retardant viscose rayon staple fiber with a decitex of 2.2 and a length of 38mm. Sec. 1214. Viscose rayon staple fiber not processed for spinning. Sec. 1215. Reduced flammability lyocell fiber. Sec. 1216. Acrylic staple fiber. Sec. 1217. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fibers processed and with a decitex of 2.75 to 3.3. Sec. 1218. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fibers processed and with a decitex of 11.0. Sec. 1219. Acrylic or modacrylic staple fibers processed and with a decitex of 5.0 to 5.6. Sec. 1220. Rayon top. Sec. 1221. Woven fabrics of certain sythetic fibers. Sec. 1222. Heavy weight fabric of modal/ cotton blend. Sec. 1223. Handtufted wool carpets. Sec. 1224. Heat exchange capillary material. Sec. 1225. Men’s shirts incorporating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1226. Tank tops incorporating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1227. Women’s or girls’ manmade fiber knit vests. Sec. 1228. Vests incorporating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1229. Men’s or boys’ silk knit pullovers and cardigans. Sec. 1230. Men’s or boys’ linen knit sweaters. Sec. 1231. Girls’ cotton knit coveralls or jumpsuits. Sec. 1232. Neoprene wading socks. Sec. 1233. Neoprene guard socks. Sec. 1234. Training gloves. Sec. 1235. Insulated handmuffs of knit polyester. Sec. 1236. Boys’ manmade fiber woven coats. Sec. 1237. Men’s or boys’ cotton woven corduroy jackets. Sec. 1238. Boys’ manmade fiber woven 
jackets. Sec. 1239. Women’s or girls’ wool padded sleeveless jackets. Sec. 1240. Girls’ manmade fiber woven jackets containing wool. Sec. 1244. Men’s or boys’ manmade woven sleepwear separates. Sec. 1245. Babies’ artificial fibers woven trousers. Sec. 1246. Babies’ linen woven garments. Sec. 1247. Women’s sports bras incorporating snaps used to attach a heart rate monitor. Sec. 1249. Batting gloves. Sec. 1250. Mechanics’ work gloves with fourchettes. Sec. 1251. Fishing wader pocket pouches. Sec. 1252. Nylon wool packs. Sec. 1254. Brake segments. Sec. 1255. Collapsible, stackable polypropylene fabric bins. Sec. 1256. Certain neoprene smartphone cases with armband. Sec. 1257. Portable, foldable bowls for pets. Sec. 1258. Bee nets. Sec. 1259. Camera chest harnesses. Sec. 1260. Helmet camera mounts. Sec. 1261. Textile ice bags. Sec. 1262. Camera wrist strap mounts. Sec. 1263. Certified color swatches with pinked edges. Sec. 1264. Sports footwear for men, valued over $12 per pair. Sec. 1265. Sports footwear for women, valued over $12 per pair. Sec. 1266. Men’s oil and slip resistant outsole work footwear. Sec. 1272. Polyurethaneinjected boots for fishing waders. Sec. 1273. Men’s waterproof shoes with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastic, valued over $25 per pair. Sec. 1274. Men’s shoes with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair. Sec. 1275. Men’s shoes with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, valued over $6.50 but not over $12 per pair. Sec. 1276. Footwear made on a base or platform of wood. Sec. 1278. Work footwear for women. Sec. 1279. Work footwear for men. Sec. 1280. Contoured zoris. Sec. 1281. Sideline cheer shoes. Sec. 1289. Competitive cheer shoe. Sec. 1291. Women’s footwear made on a base or platform of wood. Sec. 1293. Men’s and boys’ house slippers with leather uppers. Sec. 1296. Women’s oxfordstyle composite safety toe footwear. Sec. 1299. Women’s house slippers with leather uppers. Sec. 1302. Competitive cheer shoe with leather uppers. Sec. 1303. Sports and athletic footwear for women. Sec. 1304. Athletic type shoes for boys, girls, and babies. Sec. 1305. Ski boots and snowboard boots. Sec. 1309. Women’s waterproof footwear with uppers of leather or textiles, covering the ankle, valued over $25 per pair. Sec. 1311. Women’s sheepskin footwear. Sec. 1312. Men’s, children’s, and infants’ sheepskin footwear. Sec. 1315. Women’s, children’s, and infants’ sheepskin footwear. Sec. 1316. Women’s sheepskin footwear with uppers of textiles. Sec. 1317. Men’s, children’s, and infants’ sheepskin footwear with uppers of textiles. Sec. 1318. Children’s footwear with uppers of vegetable fibers. Sec. 1319. House slippers with textile uppers. Sec. 1320. Men’s footwear, covering the ankle but not the knee valued over $24 per pair. Sec. 1325. Novelty house slippers with sound or light. Sec. 1327. Removable footwear neoprene cuffs. Sec. 1328. Removable insoles. Sec. 1336. Babies’ hats of manmade fiber. Sec. 1337. Patio umbrella frame. Sec. 1338. Plastic plants for aquariums and terrariums. Sec. 1339. Plastic plants for aquariums, not glued or bound. Sec. 1340. Polycrystalline Fibers. Sec. 1341. Catalytic converter needled blanket mats with a thickness of 10 mm or more and not over 3 percent of binder. Sec. 1342. Catalytic converter blanket mats with a thickness between 5 mm and 9.9 mm and not over 3 percent of binder. Sec. 1343. Catalytic converter needled blanket mats with a thickness between 5 mm and 9.9 mm and between 3 and 7 percent of binder. Sec. 1344. Catalytic converter needled blanket mats with a thickness of 10 mm or more and between 3 and 7 percent binder. Sec. 1346. Glass beads from 3 to 6 mm in diameter. Sec. 1347. Polished wired glass in rectangular sheets. Sec. 1348. Meniscusshaped drawn glassceramic discs. Sec. 1349. Tempered glass cookware covers. Sec. 1350. Transparent glassceramic cookware. Sec. 1351. Opaque glassceramic cookware. Sec. 1352. Novelty designed drink coasters. Sec. 1353. Blown glass vases measuring between 15.2 cm and 20.4 cm tall. Sec. 1354. Blown glass vases measuring between 20.4 cm and 25.4 cm tall. Sec. 1355. Glassware used for indoor decor. Sec. 1356. Chopped strands of glass. Sec. 1357. Slivers of glass. Sec. 1358. Liquidfilled glass bulbs. Sec. 1359. Silver wire. Sec. 1360. Strips consisting of silver and tin. Sec. 1361. Gauzes made of precious metal. Sec. 1362. Strips consisting of silver, copper, and zinc. Sec. 1363. Pins and metal inserts, valued at $0.20 each or less. 
Sec. 1365. Screw anchors. Sec. 1367. Stainless steel handles for cookware. Sec. 1368. Vacuum steel hinged lid pitchers not exceeding 1L. Sec. 1371. Metal wire cages for pets other than dogs. Sec. 1375. Side press wringer handles. Sec. 1376. Riser specialty joints. Sec. 1377. Isosceles triangle wire. Sec. 1378. Nickel alloy wire. Sec. 1379. Aluminum mountings. Sec. 1380. Zinc punches. Sec. 1381. Sintered tungsten bar. Sec. 1382. Gallium unwrought in solid form. Sec. 1383. Germanium unwrought in ingot form. Sec. 1384. Germanium purified metal ingots. Sec. 1385. Gear driven onehanded pruners. Sec. 1386. Noncircular gear driven two handed pruning shears. Sec. 1387. Swivel head grass shears. Sec. 1388. Tweezers. Sec. 1389. Rotary cutting hand tools. Sec. 1390. Hand tools for applying plastic clip fasteners. Sec. 1391. Fourinch bench vises. Sec. 1392. Fiveinch bench vises. Sec. 1393. Sixinch bench vises. Sec. 1394. Fixed carbide cutter and roller cone drill bits. Sec. 1395. Fixed diamond cutter and roller cone drill bits. Sec. 1396. Steel liner insulated coffee servers. Sec. 1397. Vacuum steel lined coffee servers with lids. Sec. 1398. Vacuum steel insulated coffee servers with bases. Sec. 1399. Full tang knives. Sec. 1400. Pet grooming scissors. Sec. 1401. Scissors, valued over $1.75 per dozen. Sec. 1402. Nail clippers for pets. Sec. 1403. Nail clippers, nail nippers, and nail files. Sec. 1404. Manicure and pedicure sets. Sec. 1405. Padlocks of base metal imported in bulk. Sec. 1406. Manual door closers. Sec. 1407. Antitheft steel cases with digital locks. Sec. 1408. Recovery boiler economizers. Sec. 1409. Steam turbines with an output between 60 MW and 120 MW. Sec. 1410. Steam turbines with an output between 27 MW and 40 MW. Sec. 1411. Used compressionignition internal combustion engines. Sec. 1412. Engine blocks. Sec. 1413. High silicon molybdenum exhaust manifolds. Sec. 1414. Connecting rods. Sec. 1415. Crankcases. Sec. 1416. Cylinder heads. Sec. 1417. Pistons. Sec. 1418. Fuel pump assemblies. Sec. 1419. High pressure pumps. Sec. 1420. Used fuel pumps. Sec. 1421. Fuel transfer pumps. Sec. 1422. Fuel pumps. Sec. 1424. Exhaust fans for permanent installation. Sec. 1425. Exhaust fans for permanent installation. Sec. 1426. Blower subassemblies incorporated into fans. Sec. 1427. Range hoods. Sec. 1428. Preassembled pedestal fan column assemblies. Sec. 1429. Grilles for exhaust fans. Sec. 1430. Certain portable air conditioners. Sec. 1431. Portable air conditioners. Sec. 1432. Selfcontained portable air conditioners. Sec. 1433. Pressure distillation columns. Sec. 1434. Shell and tube oil coolers. Sec. 1435. Mobile sprinklers. Sec. 1436. Flexographic printers with print speed less than 184 meters per minute. Sec. 1437. Flexographic printing machinery. Sec. 1438. Shuttleless rapier power looms to weave fabrics. Sec. 1439. Shuttleless, jet type power looms to weave fabrics. Sec. 1440. Miter saws with cutoff. Sec. 1441. Table saws. Sec. 1442. Certain benchtop band saws. Sec. 1443. Certain stationary band saws. Sec. 1444. Certain titling arbor table saws. Sec. 1445. Certain table saws with 10 inch (25.4 centimeter) blade. Sec. 1446. Compound miter saw, 10 inch, without laser. Sec. 1447. Drill presses. Sec. 1448. Electrical rotary drill, hammer and chiseling tools. Sec. 1449. Tire assembly machines (TAM). Sec. 1450. Catty whack. Sec. 1451. Fly by spinner toys. Sec. 1452. Vehicle stability control actuator assemblies. Sec. 1453. Hydraulic subsea jumper connectors. Sec. 1454. Bird in a cage. Sec. 1455. Mouse in a pouch. Sec. 1456. Telescope mirror segment support assemblies. Sec. 1457. Segmented compression molds of more than 25inch rim diameter. Sec. 1458. Valvetype fuel injectors. Sec. 1459. Dosing module injectors. Sec. 1460. Regulator valves. Sec. 1461. Fuel injectors. Sec. 1462. Subsea flow modules. Sec. 1463. Crankshafts. Sec. 1464. Used camshafts and crankshafts for diesel engines. Sec. 1465. Crankshafts for engines with cylinder capacity exceeding 19,000 cubic centimeters. Sec. 1466. Crankshaft bearings. Sec. 1467. Used transmissions. Sec. 1468. Flexplates for engines with cylinder capacity between 6,000 and 20,000 cubic centimeters. Sec. 1469. Flexplates for engines with cylinder capacity between 1,000 and 5,900 cubic centimeters. Sec. 1470. Ring gears. Sec. 1471. Electromechanical rotational actuator assemblies. Sec. 1472. Power back door actuator assemblies. Sec. 1473. Direct current pump motors. Sec. 1474. Motor assemblies for electric box fans with output between 37.5 watts and 74.6 watts. Sec. 1475. Motor assemblies for oscillating fans with output between 37.5 watts and 72 watts. Sec. 1477. Motor assemblies for air circulator electric fans. Sec. 1479. Alternating current multiphase submersible pump motors with output between 3 kilowatts and 14.92 kilowatts. Sec. 1480. Alternating current multiphase submersible pump motors with output between 149.2 kilowatts and 150 kilowatts. Sec. 1481. Alternating current generators for exercise equipment. Sec. 1482. Electric generating sets with 
natural gas engines. Sec. 1483. Stator and rotor core laminations. Sec. 1484. Universal serial bus (USB) auto chargers. Sec. 1485. Fuel shutoff solenoids. Sec. 1486. Lithium polymer rechargeable batteries. Sec. 1487. Annular shaped lithium thionyl chloride (LTC) batteries. Sec. 1488. Cylindrical shaped lithium thionyl chloride (LTC) batteries. Sec. 1489. Electric burr coffee grinders. Sec. 1490. Electric food spiralizing appliances. Sec. 1491. Electric cylindrical coffee grinders. Sec. 1492. Electromechanical knives. Sec. 1493. Automatic litterboxes. Sec. 1494. Automatic food feeders for dogs and cats. Sec. 1495. Automatic pet waterers for dogs and cats. Sec. 1496. Automatic fish feeders. Sec. 1498. Handheld electric can openers. Sec. 1499. Food beaters designed to attach to handheld mixers. Sec. 1500. Dough hooks designed to attach to handheld mixers. Sec. 1501. Electrothermic bowls for food stand mixers. Sec. 1502. Metal bowls for use with food stand mixers with capacity of more than 4.7 liters and not more than 8.6 liters. Sec. 1503. Metal bowls for use with food stand mixers with capacity of more than 3.3 liters and not more than 4.8 liters. Sec. 1504. Used starters. Sec. 1505. Alternators. Sec. 1506. Used alternators. Sec. 1507. Parking sensors, signaling equipment. Sec. 1508. Bulb heaters with or without a fan. Sec. 1509. Heater fan lights for permanent installation. Sec. 1510. Wall heaters. Sec. 1512. Electric steam irons. Sec. 1513. Microwave hoods with a plastic handle. Sec. 1514. Microwave hoods with a metal handle. Sec. 1515. Microwave hoods with 53 to 55 liter capacity. Sec. 1516. Microwave hoods with 58 to 60 liter capacity. Sec. 1517. Microwave hoods with 58 to 60 liter capacity and large turntable plates. Sec. 1518. Microwave hoods with 53 to 55 liter capacity and large turntable plates. Sec. 1519. Microwave hoods with 56 to 58 liter capacity. Sec. 1520. Microwave hoods with rectangular plate. Sec. 1522. Multifunction grills. Sec. 1523. Electric sandwich grillers. Sec. 1524. Automatic drip coffee makers. Sec. 1525. Automatic pour over coffee makers. Sec. 1526. Automatic siphon coffee makers. Sec. 1527. Automatic glass tea kettles. Sec. 1528. Single serving capsule coffee makers. Sec. 1530. Frontloading coffee makers. Sec. 1531. Carafeless coffee makers. Sec. 1532. Builtin coffee machines. Sec. 1533. Toaster ovens with a popup toaster feature. Sec. 1534. Automatic painted metal hot water kettles. Sec. 1535. Automatic cylindrical metal hot water kettles. Sec. 1539. Electric breakfast sandwich makers. Sec. 1540. Electric multicookers. Sec. 1541. Programmable slow cookers with thermometer probe. Sec. 1542. Electric pressure cookers rated more than 1000 watts but not more than 1200 watts. Sec. 1543. Electric rice cookers. Sec. 1544. Electric pressure cookers rated more than 1200 watts but not more than 1400 watts. Sec. 1545. Electric pressure cookers rated more than 800 watts but not more than 1000 watts. Sec. 1546. Electric oil popcorn poppers and tumblers. Sec. 1547. Candle warmers. 
Sec. 1548. Garment steamers. Sec. 1549. Vacuum steel insulated coffee carafes. Sec. 1550. Steel vacuum pitchers with plastic hinged lid. Sec. 1551. Flat panel liquid crystal display (LCD) televisions for exercise equipment. Sec. 1552. Ground fault circuit interrupters rated at 15 amps. Sec. 1553. Ground fault circuit interrupters rated at 20 amps. Sec. 1554. Arc fault circuit interrupters or dual function arc fault and ground fault circuit interrupters. Sec. 1555. Lampholder housings of porcelain. Sec. 1556. Chassis or shelving containing backplane. Sec. 1557. Printed board assemblies for circuit breakers. Sec. 1558. Lamps containing deuterium gas without radiofrequency identification (RFID). Sec. 1559. Lamps containing deuterium gas with radiofrequency identification (RFID). Sec. 1560. Cathoderay tubes. Sec. 1561. Mirror segment controller sensors. Sec. 1562. Insulated electric conductors. Sec. 1563. Mitsubishi Fuso eCanter trucks. Sec. 1564. Electric commercial vehicles. Sec. 1565. Cabs and bodies for electric vehicles. Sec. 1566. Used gear boxes for certain vehicles for the transportation of goods. Sec. 1567. Gear boxes. Sec. 1568. Used gear boxes for certain other vehicles. Sec. 1569. Differentials. Sec. 1570. Suspension system stabilizer bars. Sec. 1571. Mufflers and exhaust pipes and parts thereof. Sec. 1572. Standup bicycles. Sec. 1573. Elliptical cycles. Sec. 1574. Unicycles. Sec. 1575. Bicycle disc brakes. Sec. 1576. Zee cages. Sec. 1577. Bicycle wide angle reflectors. Sec. 1578. Baby strollers. Sec. 1579. Baby stroller systems. Sec. 1580. Projection lenses with a focal length of 1.13 meters or more but not over 36.94 meters. Sec. 1581. Projection lenses with a focal length of 19.68 millimeters or more but not over 132 millimeters. Sec. 1582. Swim goggles. Sec. 1583. Projection screens. Sec. 1584. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring not over 58.42 centimeters. Sec. 1585. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 58.42 centimeters but not over 78.74 centimeters. Sec. 1586. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 78.74 centimeters but not over 81.28 centimeters. Sec. 1587. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 81.28 centimeters but not over 99.06 centimeters. Sec. 1588. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 99.06 centimeters but not over 101.6 centimeters. Sec. 1589. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 101.6 centimeters but not over 124.46 centimeters. Sec. 1590. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 124.46 centimeters but not over 137.16 centimeters. Sec. 1591. Liquid crystal display (LCD) television panel assemblies with a video display diagonal measuring over 137.16 centimeters. Sec. 1592. Optical attenuators. Sec. 1593. Bicycle speedometers. Sec. 1594. Wideband oscilloscopes. Sec. 1595. Oscilloscopes. Sec. 1596. Multimeters, without recording device, bench top. Sec. 1597. Multimeters, without recording device, handheld. Sec. 1598. PXI multimeters, without recording device, module. Sec. 1599. Multimeters. Sec. 1600. Impedance analyzers having a frequency range of 20 hertz to 120 megahertz. Sec. 1601. Electromagnetic interference receivers having a frequency band range of 3 hertz to 44 gigahertz. Sec. 1602. Oscilloscope calibration tools. Sec. 1603. Local area network extensions for instrumentation (LXI) data acquisition and switch units. Sec. 1604. Oscilloscope calibration tools with five channels. Sec. 1605. Signal generators. Sec. 1606. Oscilloscope calibration tools. Sec. 1607. Chiming melody battery operated clock movements. Sec. 1608. Mechanical clock movements. Sec. 1609. Chime melody rod assemblies. Sec. 1610. Pillows, cushions, and similar furnishings of cotton. Sec. 1611. Pillows, cushions, and similar furnishings of material other than cotton. Sec. 1612. Light emitting diode (LED) hanging lamps with total internal reflection. Sec. 1613. Light emitting diode (LED) lamps, mounting options, bases, clamps, and mounts. Sec. 1614. Electric table or desk light emitting diode (LED) task lamps with ball joints. Sec. 1615. Light emitting diode (LED) task lamps that reflect light from LED. Sec. 1616. Light emitting diode (LED) motion activated security lanterns. Sec. 1617. Exterior emergency lights. Sec. 1618. Wing illumination lights. Sec. 1619. Lantern globes of extruded borosilicate glass. Sec. 1623. Golf club driver heads with a loft under 9.5 degrees. Sec. 1627. Golf club iron heads of 6–Irons and 7–Irons. Sec. 1628. Golf club iron heads of 8–Irons and 9–Irons. Sec. 1630. Golf club putter heads. Sec. 1632. Tennis racket frames, unstrung. Sec. 1633. Racquetball rackets. Sec. 1634. Squash rackets. Sec. 1635. Volleyballs. Sec. 1637. Leather basketballs. Sec. 1639. Racquetballs. Sec. 1640. Bluetooth enabled fitness equipment. Sec. 1641. Certain fitness equipment, tread climbers. Sec. 1642. Fitness equipment incorporating several modalities. 
Sec. 1644. Bluetooth enabled multimodality fitness equipment. Sec. 1645. Speed bags and related equipment. Sec. 1646. Exercise cycles. Sec. 1647. Certain bluetooth enabled adjustable dumbbells. Sec. 1648. Certain adjustable dumbbells with rotating single handle grips. Sec. 1649. Bluetooth enabled multimodality fitness equipment. Sec. 1650. Certain adjustable dumbbells with rotating end dials. Sec. 1652. Athletic mouth guards. Sec. 1653. Boxing and mixed martial arts (MMA) protective equipment. Sec. 1654. Fishing rods, 1–piece, of fiberglass and graphite. Sec. 1655. Fishing reels valued more than $2.70 but not more than $8.45, prespooled, with rod. Sec. 1658. Eyelash curlers. Sec. 1659. Vacuum glass lined steel coffee servers over 2 liters. Sec. 1660. Vacuum glass coffee servers with top lever action. Sec. 1661. Vacuum glass lined coffee servers with sight gauge. Sec. 1662. Vacuum steel lined coffee servers with sight gauge. Sec. 1663. Tripod camera mounts. OFFERED BYMR. FRELINGHUYSEN  H.J. Res. 125, making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmark, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 4712 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S173 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 2018 No. 9 
The Senate met at 4:30 p.m. and was called to order by 