Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Morris Salerno, owner of BISTECCA—An Italian Steakhouse, of Highland Village, Texas as he returns from supporting the United States team as they competed for the title of Global Chef 2018. Morris assisted the United States team as Manager/ Mentor for the team headed by Chef Patrick Mitchell at the Global Chefs Challenge in Kuala Lumpur earlier this month. Held every two years, the competition, attended by chefs from more than 100 countries, was hosted at Asia on Plate— Worldchefs Congress & Expo 2018. The final competition required the preparation and presentation of a fourcourse menu of twelve servings within an allotted five hour time. Twenty teams, represented by a chef and an assistant, pitted their menu and preparation skills against each other for evaluation by a jury of senior judges representing the Worldchefs Culinary Committee. Chefs and their teams applied their own creative interpretations to a variety of assigned products and proteins from around the world. Each team was judged on five elements: MiseEnPlace, Professional Preparation, Service, Presentation and Taste. As Manager/Mentor, Morris personally won a gold medal in the 2014 Expogast Culinary Competition in Luxembourg, and a bronze medal in the 2012 competition as part of Team Texas at the Culinary Olympics. Chef Mitchell also won a gold medal in 2014 at Luxembourg, resulting in two of the 14 total gold awards presented at the competition returning to Texas. In supporting Chef Mitchell as Manager/Mentor in preparation for Global Chef 2018, Morris provided not only his guidance and experience as an accomplished international culinary competitor, but also his time and talents in hosting fundraising dinners for the team’s competition expenses. I offer these comments in appreciation of Chef Salerno for his professionalism and support of the United States Team in Kuala Lumpur and other competitions abroad. I also want to recognize him for his years of service to the constituents and communities of the 26th District. Through his art, craft, and partnership with his brother Mike Salerno, North Texans have had the opportunity to enjoy worldclass meals and service for more than 30 years at Highland Village’s The Grotto and BISTECCA—An Italian Steakhouse and at the Flower Mound Salerno’s. I thank Morris and all of the Salerno family for their service, and wish them success. f 
SUPPRESSION, SURVEILLANCE, AND MASS DETENTION: XINJIANG’S HUMAN RIGHTS CRISIS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we held a hearing at the CongressionalExecutive Commission on China on the human rights crisis in the Xinjiang province of China, which I cochair. I commend Senator RUBIO for holding this hearing, as there is a dire need to shine a light on the stunning and outrageous detention of nearly one million Uyghurs and other Muslim ethnic minorities in Xinjiang. What is clear from news reports is that Uyghurs are being detained in ‘‘reeducation centers’’ throughout Xinjiang. Those interned are being asked to renounce Islam, inform on their families for ‘‘extremism,’’ and parrot their love for Xi Jinping and the Communist Party. Whole families disappear, children are detained, students studying abroad and soccer players are detained because of their ‘‘foreign’’ contacts. There are reports of suicides and deaths and mistreatment in these detention centers. Human rights champion Rebiya Kadeer’s whole family—sons, daughters in law, grandchildren have disappeared. The disappearance of the families of other Uyghurs has also happened—like Radio Free Asia’s heroic journalists. It is mindboggling. The Chinese government is constructing a hightech police state in Xinjiang. The goal is to forcibly assimilate and ‘‘transform’’ entire ethnic minority populations. All this is being done in the name of counterterrorism and counterextremism. But China’s repression may just create the extremism that they fear. Over the past year, the world has started to see too many comparisons between the Nazis and the current Chinese government. For example, Liu Xiaobo was the first Nobel Peace Prize laureate to die in state custody since Carl Von Ossietzky died in Nazi custody. Now nearly one million are detained in what should be called concentration camps—the largest jailing of an ethnic and religious minority maybe since the Holocaust, certainly since the apartheid days in South Africa. ‘‘Reeducation’’ is certainly not a new tactic in China. Tibetans, Falun Gong and other dissidents have experienced ‘‘reeducation through labor’’—but the size and scale of what is happening to the Uyghurs is audaciously repressive, even by China’s low standards. Where is the outrage? Where is the anger? I commend the State Department and Secretary Pompeo for their public statements. But why has the Organization of Islamic Cooperation been silent? What has Turkey and other Turkic nations been doing to address this issue? Every business, nongovernmental organization, academic, and government that interacts with the Chinese government and Communist Party risks its integrity by remaining silent. There should be a concerted effort to convince the International Olympic Committee to consider whether the Olympic goal can be accomplished in 2022 if China maintains an apartheidlike police state that targets Muslim minorities. How can any law firm or lobby shop shill for the government of China while Uyghurs are so brutally and forcefully assimilated? Or when 
Tibetans, Christians, human rights lawyers, and Falun Gong are systematically repressed? I heard Frank Wolf say recently that in the 1980s, no firm would have dared to work for the Soviet Union—but now China’s cash is too tempting to turn down even for some of my former House colleagues. Shame. Shame. It is really a shame. I wonder if the Congress can limit U.S. government contracts by the exact amount lobby firms receive from China, Russia, or some other authoritarian government? That would make for some interesting business choices. Either make no profit from your dealings with China or choose to represent an increasingly repressive and authoritarian Chinese government. No one should profit from representing authoritarian countries, particularly when they constantly seek to undermine U.S. values and interests. Chinese officials should also not profit from their complicity in torture and arbitrary detentions. This is the exact reason the Congress passed the Global Magnitsky Act. The Senator and I have urged the State Department to consider levying Magnitsky sanctions on officials in Xinjiang. We will continue to do so. We urge anyone with specific and credible information about Chinese government officials complicit in human rights abuses in Xinjiang to send that information to us. We will make sure it gets to the State Department. I also think the sanctions available in the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 should be considered, particularly broad economic sanctions targeting industries in Xinjiang that benefit China’s political leaders or StateOwned Entities. China has been designated as a ‘‘Country of Particular Concern’’ since 1999. That designation carries with it the possibility of economic sanctions. This lever should be used now because, in my opinion, what is happening in Xinjiang is currently the world’s worst religious freedom situation. Targeted and tough economic sanctions are the only way to convince China’s leaders that they have a clear interest in ending repression of China’s Muslim minorities. There is also an important role for the UN here. I am glad that Ambassador Currie is here with us today. What is happening in Xinjiang are clear violations of international treaties in many respects. According to the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, crimes of genocide are not confined to mass killing of an ethnic group; they also include ‘‘Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group’’ and ‘‘Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part.’’ Personal accounts from Xinjiang’s reeducation camps seem consistent with these definitions. We should not be ignoring the early warning signs. Actions need to be taken to prevent crimes against humanity. I realize that China’s veto on the UN Security Council will create obstacles to any UN investigation, but we should be making them use that veto, request a briefing at the Security Council, and bring together the OIC and other Muslim majority countries to raise the issue within the UN system. At a time when the Chinese government is seeking to gain allies through its Belt and Road initiative, it would seem the last thing they want is an international debate about their treatment of ethnic and religious minorities. Finally, I want to commend the exemplary work of Radio Free Asia’s Uyghur Service reporters. Despite threats to their families they have kept working and have provided us with an extraordinary record of events. Your courage and professionalism are admirable. Thank you. Again, I commend Senator RUBIO for hold ing this important hearing to shine a light on an outrageous and horrible situation. We all need to believe in the power of light and sunshine because evil flourishes in the dark. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 25, 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5754, the Cambodia Democracy Act of 2018. As the Republican CoChair of the Congressional Caucus on Cambodia and an original cosponsor of this legislation and I believe it is critical that Congress support the people of Cambodia in their march toward democracy. I want to thank Congressman LOWENTHAL , the Democratic CoChair of the Congressional Caucus on Cambodia, Chairman ROYCE , and Chairman Y OHO for their work on this important legislation. Throughout his 30year rule, Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen has routinely stifled Cambodia’s progress toward democracy. Last year, he began his latest crackdown because he knew that given the chance, the Cambodian people would elect someone else. He began by uprooting civil society organizations. This included cracking down on newspapers such as the Cambodia Daily and outlets like Radio Free Asia and Voice of America as well as forcing the National Democratic Institute to leave the country. Then he started peddling the ridiculous story that the United States was trying to orchestrate a coup. Then he threw Kem Sokah—leader of the Cambodian National Rescue Party (CNRP) and his principal opponent—in prison. Hun Sen proceeded to disband the CNRP, bar its MPs from serving in public office, and cause many of them to flee into exile. Due to these crimes, there can be no doubt Cambodia’s socalled elections this Sunday will not be free or fair. At present Cambodia can no longer be called a democracy, whatever its dictator wants to claim. H.R. 5754 is simple. It would sanction those individuals who are responsible for crushing democracy in Cambodia to encourage them to reverse their actions, to show our support for the Cambodian people, and to demonstrate that we will not stand idly by when democracy is squashed around the world. I would urge my colleges to support this measure. CHINA AND CHINESE COMPANIES CONTINUE TO VIOLATE U.S. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS HON. TOM MARINO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn China and Chinese companies for their continued theft and violation of United States intellectual property (IP) law. The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) conference report that was passed on Thursday by the House of Representatives missed a crucial opportunity to hold ZTE, a Chinese telecommunications company, accountable for their blatant violation of U.S. IP law. ZTE, and other Chinese companies, either outright steal American IP and present it as their own, or blatantly refuse to pay licensing fees for the use of this IP. If ZTE broke into a warehouse in Pennsylvania and stole millions of dollars’ worth of microprocessors we would certainly hold them accountable. However, we are refusing to defend IP and make clear that ZTE must abide by U.S. IP law as a requirement for doing business in the U.S. For too long China, and Chinese companies, have blatantly stolen U.S. IP at the expense of American companies and consumers. I would ask my colleagues and the Administration to make it a priority in holding companies like ZTE accountable for the theft and violation of U.S. IP laws. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Logan A. Bryan of Waukee, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Logan is a member of Boy Scout Troop No. 178 in Waukee and is a student at Waukee High School. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Approximately 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performancebased achievement with high standards that have been wellmaintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Logan’s Eagle Scout Service Project included raising funds to purchase a portable AED for use at the Walnut Creek youth baseball complex. He also held a training class for coaches and board members to learn how to use the AED in an emergency. The work ethic Logan has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Logan 
and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 23, 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1220, which would establish the Adams Memorial Commission. As a former teacher and a history major from the College of William and Mary, our nation’s second oldest college, I think we should do more to remember President John Adams. He was instrumental in our nation’s founding and he is a central, if often overlooked, figure in American history. John Adams—who served as our first Vice President and second President—was a statesman, lawyer, diplomat, political theorist, and leader in the campaign for American Independence. As a Member of both the First and Second Continental Congress, he became a leader in the movement for independence. During the Second Continental Congress, he nominated George Washington to lead the Continental Army, and is one of the most prominent signers of the Declaration of Independence, serving on the committee that helped Thomas Jefferson craft this monumental document. During and after the war, he served in numerous diplomatic posts in Europe. Along with Benjamin Franklin, he negotiated the Treaty of Paris that ended the Revolutionary War and solidified America’s new independence. He also served in Holland during the war, and as our Ambassador to Britain following the war. Throughout his time serving the United States, President Adams remained true to his principles, and consistently fought for his beliefs. Due to these immeasurable contributions, President Adams deserves to be more visibly honored among our nation’s founders. H.R. 1220 recognizes his service by establishing a Commission to advance current efforts to build a memorial in his honor. I would urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Della and Charles Davis of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 10, 1948 in Des Moines, Iowa. Della and Charles’ lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
CONGRATULATING TUKWILA CITY COUNCILMEMBER JOE DUFFIE ON HIS RETIREMENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the achievements of Tukwila City Councilmember Joe Duffie, and congratulate him on his retirement from the Council after 35 years of unwavering service to his community. Before serving on the Tukwila City Council, Duffie had already garnered an impressive list of accomplishments. In 1962, he was drafted into the U.S. Army and completed advanced infantry training as the most distinguished trainee of his Company. He served in Korea and earned the rank of Squad Leader. Shortly thereafter, Duffie went on to attend Command General Staff College where he achieved the rank of Staff Sergeant, went through Senior NonCommissioned Officer training, and completed Command Sergeant Major Academy. After leaving Active military service Mr. Duffie maintained his positions as head custodian at Tukwila elementary school for two decades, served in the National Guard for thirtyone years, worked as a welder in a Seattle shipyard, and currently owns Duffie’s—a home maintenance company with the slogan, ‘‘No Job is Too Small.’’ That slogan perfectly captures Joe Duffie. Since his election to the Tukwila City Council in 1981 by a fourtoone margin, he has been regarded as a man of the people. He is a tireless worker who selflessly gives out his personal phone number to any citizen who wants to reach him. He has constantly prioritized openness and transparency, and started a monthly tradition where Tukwila citizens have the opportunity to chat with their City Council representatives over coffee. His unique compassionate and personal approach to government will be missed. One of Mr. Duffie’s greatest passions is education. His efforts have helped make Tukwila public schools some of the most diverse and inclusive in the country. His unswerving advocacy for the youth of Tukwila has resulted in many of the city’s students knowing him by name. On top of his work as a City Councilmember, he has lead a weekly running program for Tukwila’s elementary school students. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to thank Joe Duffie for his decades of service on the Tukwila City Council. I congratulate him on a wellearned retirement, although I know that Mr. Duffie will never stop working to make the city of Tukwila a better place. RECOGNIZING DR. GEORGE INGLETT ON HIS RESEARCH HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. George Inglett who is turning 90 years old. Dr. Inglett is a pillar in the Peoria community, and has advocated for a safer and healthier food supply at the National Center for Agricultural Utilization Research. Dr. George Inglett is best known for the development of a family of food ingredients based on cereal glucans, known collectively as the Trim Technologies. His research on these ingredients has led to them being used as fat substitutes, fiber additives, texturizers, and emulsion stabilizers in many foods. In 2005, Dr. Inglett was chosen as one of the Laureates of the Lincoln Academy of Illinois, the highest honor the State of Illinois can bestow on a person who was born or has resided in Illinois for outstanding achievement. Over the course of his career Dr. Inglett has been presented numerous awards for his years of work in agricultural research. It is because of dedicated and selfless leaders such as Dr. George Inglett that I am especially proud to serve Illinois 17th Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Dr. George Inglett on his 90th birthday and thank him for all of his contributions and service to our community. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Diane Narasaki, Executive Director of Asian Counseling and Referral Service (ACRS), on her retirement. Ms. Narasaki has served as the Executive Director of the ACRS for twentytwo years. Diane Narasaki’s commitment to help others began at a young age. As a teenager, she learned that her parents, Richard and Dorothy, were interned during World War II along with 120,000 other Americans of Japanese ancestry. Her parents’, as well as others stories inspired Ms. Narasaki to stand up for victims of oppression and inequality—a mission that has defined her remarkable career. After getting her Master’s Degree from Seattle University’s Master of Nonprofit Leadership program, she immediately set about making her mission happen. She spent two decades as a leader in her community, holding directorlevel positions at the Northwest Labor and Employment Law Office, the American Friends Service Committee, and the Wing Luke Asian Museum. In 1987, she helped overturn the conviction of Gordon Hirabayashi, a fellow Japanese American who was jailed for challenging the internment. In 1995, Ms. Narasaki joined the Asian Counseling and Referral Service, which provides a wide variety of services to King County’s Asian and Pacific Islander communities. 
During her tenure as Executive Director, ACRS expanded its behavioral health and civic engagement programs. In addition, ACRS moved its headquarters to a larger facility in Rainier Valley, which allowed them to better serve the fastest growing racial group in King County. Today, ACRS has a staff of 250 people, a budget of $13 million, and serves more than 26,000 people annually in over 40 languages and dialects. Outside of running one of the oldest and largest panAsian Pacific American organizations in the United States, Ms. Narasaki’s contributions to her community are numerous. She cofounded Washington State’s Asian Pacific Islander Coalition, a network of local and community groups serving immigrants and refugees. She has chaired the Washington State Asian Pacific Directors Coalition and the Minority Executive Directors Coalition, and co chaired the Asian Pacific Women’s Caucus and the Seattle Community Police Commission. The U.S. Secretary of Health & Human Services appointed her to serve on SAMHSA’s Center for Mental Health Services National Advisory Council. In 2005, the Ford Foundation named her as one of seventeen people in the country to receive the Leadership for Changing America award. She also helped organize the Asian Pacific American Legislative day, an event in which dozens of community groups join forces at the State Capitol in Olympia to voice their concerns to lawmakers. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I congratulate Diane Narasaki on her welldeserved retirement. Her story is an inspiration to all those who strive to serve their communities. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Pat and Lynn Schaaf of Griswold, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 4, 1953. Pat and Lynn’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the centennial anniversary of the founding of Congregation B’nai Israel in Fleischmanns, New York. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Jewish immigrants began to move into the Catskills region, first to farm and later to enter the rapidly developing resort sector. Strong in their faith, a small group of Jewish farmers, merchants, and resort owners would meet regularly for Torah study. It was these intimate gatherings that laid the strong foundations for Congregation B’nai Israel to grow. Congregation B’nai Israel was formally incorporated in 1918, and ground was broken on their synagogue only a few short years later. The synagogue is one of the oldest in the Catskills, and is listed on both the National and New York Register of Historic Places. Simple yet beautiful, with exposed trusses, a gabled roof, and unique Gothic and classical details, the synagogue’s modest design serves as a reminder of the congregation’s humble but inspiring beginnings. The congregation has long served the spiritual needs of residents and continues to contribute to the area’s vibrant societal and cultural fabric. This centennial anniversary marks a great milestone in the congregation’s history and serves as an important time for reflection of the past and hope for the future. On behalf of the 19th Congressional District and the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to extend my sincerest congratulations to Congregation B’nai Israel. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Benjamin P. McKee of Des Moines, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Benjamin is a member of Boy Scout Troop No. 43 in Urbandale. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Approximately 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performancebased achievement with high standards that have been wellmaintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Benjamin has an exceptional record of community service. He has volunteered for Project A.W.A.R.E to help clean up the waterways in Iowa, led the Pledge of Allegiance at the Iowa State Fair for new American citizens, and his Eagle Scout project was raising funds for the Paws & Effect program, which funds service dogs in Iowa. The work ethic Benjamin has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Benjamin and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. f 
HONORING MR. GEORGE FRANCIS RUPPENICKER, JR., ON HIS 90TH BIRTHDAY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. George Francis Ruppenicker, Jr. of Dallas, Georgia, on his 90th birthday. Mr. Ruppenicker was born August 29, 1928, in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from Mepham High School in Bellmore, New York in 1946. In July of 1946, Mr. Ruppenicker enlisted in the United States Navy and was stationed at the Naval Air Technical Training Center Radar School in Corpus Christi, Texas. He was honorably discharged in 1948. After serving for two years, in 1948, Mr. Ruppenicker enrolled at Georgia Tech, majoring in textile engineering. While being enrolled at Georgia Tech, Mr. Ruppenicker enlisted into the United States Naval Reserve. When the Korean War broke out in 1950, he was reactivated, and was honorably discharged in 1952, with the rank of Aviation Electronics Tech—Third Class. After fulfilling his obligations during the Korean War, he reenrolled at Georgia Tech to finish his degree. While studying at Georgia Tech, he was employed by Lockheed Aircraft Company at Dobbins Air Force Base in Marietta. After graduation, Mr. Ruppenicker married Miriam Evelyn Tatman on July 25, 1953. Together, they had four children. After graduating from Georgia Tech in 1954, Mr. Ruppenicker went to work at the United States Department of Agriculture, Southern Regional Research Laboratory in New Orleans, Louisiana as a research engineer for cotton textiles. After a nearly 40year career with USDA, he retired on December 31, 1993. After 47 years of marriage, Miriam passed away in 2000. Mr. Ruppenicker remarried in 2003 to Patricia Ardrey Robinson. Recently, Mr. Ruppenicker was recognized his 50 years of service as a member of the Square and Compass Freemason Lodge. Honor and integrity being the core of the Masonic belief system, Mr. Ruppenicker epitomizes these attributes. A Boy Scout leader, Sunday school teacher at Dallas First United Methodist Church, hospital volunteer at WellStar Paulding and avid gardener, Mr. Ruppenicker is content on spending his days with family and friends and always eager to lend a helping hand. I want to close by saying Happy 90th Birthday, George. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Steven 
Hornberg of Council Bluffs, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Steven is a member of Boy Scout Troop No. 3 in Council Bluffs. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Approximately 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performancebased achievement with high standards that have been wellmaintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Steven’s Eagle Scout Project consisted of refinishing several old doors at an inner city school. The work ethic Steven has shown in his Eagle Project and every other project leading to his Eagle Scout rank speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Steven and his family in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout ranking, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
HONORING MAJOR ALEXANDER W. HILL FOR HIS SERVICE IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and commend Major Alexander ‘‘Alex’’ W. Hill from Federal Way, Washington, on his service in the United States Air Force. Major Hill distinguished himself from an early age. He attended local public schools and in 2002, graduated from Fife High School as a Washington State Honor Graduate. Major Hill then attended Washington State University (WSU), where he met his future wife, Sara, who is now the mother to their two young daughters, Mackenna and Arlee. He made the selfless decision to go above and beyond by joining the ROTC program at WSU. After graduating in 2006, Major Hill was commissioned in the Air Force. Major Hill’s career in the Air Force has been one marked with distinction. He has logged over 2,800 flight hours and more than 1,600 combat hours. He has mastered operating a wide variety of aircrafts including AC–130U, AC–130W, MC–130W, MC–12W, C–130E/H/J, TC–12, and T–6A. Among his many accomplishments, Major Hill was awarded the Army Commendation Medal, the Air Force Commendation Medal with two oak leaf clusters, the Distinguished Flying Cross, and the Aerial Achievement Award. Major Hill has proven himself to be a strong and capable leader. On November second, 2016, joint U.S. and Afghan forces were ambushed by Taliban fighters near Kunduz, Afghanistan. Having suffered sixteen casualties in the first few moments of the ambush, and surrounded on all sides with enemies rapidly approaching, friendly forces turned to their air support—an AC–130U gunship commanded by Major Hill. Over the next two hours of non stop combat, the gunship’s crew conducted nineteen attacks, firing lethal ordnance within meters of their severely wounded comrades. Major Hill and his crewmember’s efforts prevented enemy soldiers from approaching, and allowed the joint U.S. and Afghan forces to successfully withdraw and evacuate their wounded. Throughout the engagement, Major Hill and his crew displayed perseverance and quick thinking in a seemingly impossible situation. They were able to remain calm throughout multiple weapon malfunctions and setbacks. In the end, Major Hill and his crew saved fifty lives that day. Their bravery and clear headedness earned them the 2016 MacKay Trophy for most meritorious flight of the year. Noted as humble by his peers, Major Hill is a committed leader who serves our country with distinction. He has not only answered the call to duty, but has answered it with exceptional skill and discipline. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I recognize Major Alexander Hill, and thank him for his exemplary leadership and courage in service to his country. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on July 26, 2018, due to a prior district obligation. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: YEA for rollcall vote 378 and YEA for rollcall vote 379. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Wyona Williams on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Our world has changed a great deal during Wyona’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Wyona has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twentytwo Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ms. Williams in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Wyona Williams on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. RECOGNIZING TERESITA BATAYOLA AS A 2017 WOMAN OF INFLUENCE HON. ADAM SMITH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Teresita Batayola, CEO of International Community Health Services (ICHS). International Community Health Services provides medical and dental care, as well as behavioral health and health education services to many, including the Seattle area’s Asian and Pacific Islander communities. Under the leadership of Teresita Batayola, it has grown into an awardwinning healthcare organization, and the largest nonprofit organization that serves Asian and Pacific Islander populations in Washington State. Born in the Philippines and raised in Seattle, Ms. Batayola knew from an early age that she wanted to be a leader in public service. She received a B.A. in Public Affairs from Seattle University, and a Masters in Urban Administration from Bucknell University. She proved to be an exemplary leader on economic and community development issues, and she worked as Strategic Development Advisor on a World Bank Project in Surabaya, Indonesia, and then headed Comprehensive Planning for the City of Seattle. Washington Governor Jay Inslee also appointed her to the Healthier Washington Health Innovation Leadership Network and the Seattle College Board of Trustees. In 2005, she became the CEO of ICHS. Under Ms. Batayola’s stewardship, ICHS experienced unprecedented growth, opening several new clinics around the Seattle area— the culmination of an eight yearlong planning effort. The organization currently serves over 25,000 patients at eight locations, providing care in over fifty languages. Ms. Batayola’s outstanding leadership has helped to earn ICHS many awards. The Puget Sound Business Journal recognized Teresita Batayola as one of 2017’s Women of Influence. In 2014 and 2015, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services named ICHS a National Quality Leader. The organization also received the Warren Featherstone Reid Award for Excellence in Healthcare from the state of Washington in 2015. Ms. Batayola herself has been recognized for an astounding number of awards. Some of these include being selected as Seattle Business Magazine’s outstanding leader in healthcare, the Filipino Community of Seattle’s recipient of the Lifetime Achievement Award for Community Leadership, the University of Washington Women Center’s WOMAN of COURAGE, the National Association of Community Health Center’s Betsey K. Cooke Grassroots MVP Award winner, as well as a White House Champion for Change. Her commitment to affordable healthcare has ensured that ICHS has been able to provide diverse communities access to vital services. Ms. Batayola has helped make available culturally appropriate services to many who would otherwise be marginalized in the health sector. By doing so, she has helped to fight for equality and make our community an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate Teresita Batayola on being named a 2017 Woman of Influence. I commend her on her 
exemplary work. Her tireless dedication to public service has enriched countless lives in her community. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF PVT. COREY J. ROBBINS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I share the life and memory of an individual from Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who passed away on July 15, 2018, at the age of 23. Corey Robbins, of Warrington, was a 2013 graduate of Central Bucks High School. An American patriot with a strong desire to serve his country. Corey joined the United States Army Reserves. He also worked as a commercial truck driver. Corey was an avid outdoorsman who enjoyed hunting, fishing, snowboarding, hiking, and boating. A dedicated community servant, Corey attained the rank of Eagle Scout from Troop 133 in Chalfont. I send my deepest condolences to Corey’s parents, Judithann Liebig Robbins and David Robbins, along with his brother Tyler Davis Robbins. May they take comfort in knowing Corey’s life was one that was inspirational and welllived. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mike Ralston. Mr. Ralston was honored by the Iowa Association of Community College Trustees with the Larry H. Ebbers Award. This award is given to recognize nonTrustee individuals who demonstrate statewide contributions to Community College and strong leadership for the mission. Mike was the co founder of Elevate Iowa, a partnership to help market statewide manufacturing careers. He also helped to develop a mentor program with business leaders for community college students and continually advocates for community college during state legislative sessions. In addition to his work for community colleges, Mr. Ralston is the President of the Iowa Association of Business and Industry and a past director of the Iowa Department of Revenue. I applaud and congratulate Mike Ralston for this award and for working diligently in the Third Congressional District to make Iowa community colleges a better place to learn and work. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress and I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mike and wish him continued success in the future. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 30, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 6638–6640; and 1 resolution, H. Con. Res. 133 were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gary Studniewski, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:02 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 30 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, July 31 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. 
HOUSE Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1101 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1103 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E1102, E1103 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1104 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E1106 Graves, Tom, Ga., E1104 Marino, Tom, Pa., E1102, E1105 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1101, E1103, E1103, E1105, E1105 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1101 Young, David, Iowa, E1102, E1103, E1104, E1104, E1104, E1105, E1106 