Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. BARRAGA´N led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING DR. STEVEN W. SCHENEWERK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for the distinct honor and pleasure of welcoming Pastor Steve William Schenewerk as the guest chaplain in the United States House of Representatives this morning. Pastor Schenewerk serves the congregation of Community Baptist Church in Winston, Oregon. He was raised in the Midwest but followed the call of God to the Pacific Northwest to become a pastor. His path led him to Community Baptist Church, where he has humbly offered spiritual guidance and encouragement to the community for over 25 years. Pastor Schenewerk’s devotion to his community does not stop there, though. He serves on the board of the Winston Area Community Partnership and is involved in several organizations that help the needy in Douglas County. Ever committed to serving those who have served others, Pastor Schenewerk has most recently become the chaplain to the local police force in Winston. 
Of all the joys in his life, nothing compares to that for his wife, Cindy; his daughter, Megan; and son, Josh. Mr. Speaker, I thank Pastor Schenewerk for his words this morning. They are most inspirational. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the passing and the important contributions of a great Floridian for his unrelenting determination to protect the Florida Everglades. Nathaniel Pryor Reed was a man whom I was proud to know, and he was one of Florida’s most influential environmental leaders. He served six Florida Governors and two United States Presidents, advising them on environmental protection and conservation. He worked instrumentally in the legislation of the Endangered Species Act and the Clean Water Act. He was an avid fisherman and a conservationist. He served on more nonprofit boards than I can count, and he was a founding member of the Everglades Foundation, serving on the board of directors since its inception 25 years ago. He championed the bipartisan saying: ‘‘The Everglades doesn’t care what party you belong to, she cares what you do.’’ Nathaniel ended every phone call by sending his sincerest best wishes, and he always truly meant it. Today we send him our sincerest and remember his unwavering commitment to America’s Everglades and his service to our Nation. 
LASER INTERFEROMETER GRAVITATIONAL OBSERVATORY NAMED HISTORIC SITE BY AMERICAN PHYSICAL SOCIETY (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Laser Interferometer Gravitational Observatory, or what is known as LIGO, for its achievements in the field of gravitational discovery. The American Physical Society recently named LIGO, which is located in my district in Richland, Washington, as a historic site for its groundbreaking detection of gravitational waves. These waves passed through the Earth on September 14, 2015, nearly 100 years after Albert Einstein predicted their existence. This discovery has opened up new opportunities for learning about the universe. I am amazed by the work being done in central Washington. In addition to this recognition, three LIGO scientists, Rainer Weiss, Barry Barish, and Kip Thorne, also received the 2017 Nobel Prize for Physics. A plaque that will be placed at the site reads: ‘‘The precision required to detect these tiny disturbances in space time, caused by emerging black holes, was made possible by the coordinated labor of over 1,000 scientific and technical workers.’’ I want to thank the American Physical Society and the Nobel Committee for recognizing the hard work and dedication of these men and women, and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating LIGO’s scientists and employees. f 
GOVERNMENT OVERREACH (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the Endangered Species Act was passed 45 years ago. We have seen a recovery of approximately 2 to 3 percent of species since then, but when the baseball All Star Game is in town, nobody is an all star at 3 percent. In my home State of California, an increasing trillions of gallons of fresh drinking water flow unused into the ocean, still fish species don’t recover with all this new water introduced in the last 30 years. People’s needs are decimated as people need to ask for a glass of water in a restaurant or soon decide if they will shower or wash clothes on a given day in their homes. Electricity is much more expensive than need be. Home prices are so high in California, people cannot even live where they work, in many cases sometimes commuting 3 hours to where they work. No new lands, they say, are suitable other than building on ag land or on floodplains. This, while the State attempts to commit tax dollars to what they deem affordable housing. The ESA back then that was passed with bipartisan support in 1973 was wellintentioned, we all agree, on preserving species. Liberal courts, nongovernmental organizations, and complicit Federal agencies have weaponized it to stop productive Americans, harm jobs, and increase imports. The Congressional Western Caucus has a package of modest reforms to reset back to bipartisan goals of the Endangered Species Act, but we will hear how it is gutting the ESA when it is, instead, a series of course corrections applied to a 45yearold law that has been reinterpreted and weaponized—accountability, transparency in data use, how it is gathered, how success is measured, instead of just being a roadblock for no growthers, lawyers, and environmental groups. Mr. Speaker, I commend the Congressional Western Caucus Chairman GOSAR and Mr. B ISHOP for their work in 
this effort in making this happen and, hopefully, being fruitful in adjusting the Endangered Species Act. 
URGING NATO ALLIES TO HONOR FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with grave concern regarding the security of our world. Recently, the House passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which included my amendment urging our NATO allies to step up and participate in the cost of their own defense. President Trump was correct to raise this issue at the NATO summit in Brussels. America’s commitment to our NATO allies is absolutely ironclad—it always has been—but for too long, the United States has shared an unequal financial burden in contributing to the global and regional security that NATO provides. In 2014, each member country agreed to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their GDP on defense, but currently, only 5 of 29 member countries meet this threshold. With new challenges from an increasingly belligerent Russian state, instability across the Middle East and North Africa, and emerging cybersecurity threats around the world, it is time for our allies to honor their commitments. As negotiators continue to finalize the NDAA conference report, I urge the inclusion of my amendment that passed the House to ensure our allies pull their own weight in support of our collective defense, which will strengthen NATO and help achieve peace through our collective commitment. 
DISPARAGING NATO ALLIES IS NOT PRODUCTIVE (Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, we just heard my friend from Michigan talk about how NATO allies have to live up to their obligations. NATO allies have been living up to their obligations. In fact, article V of NATO has only been invoked once, and it was on behalf of the United States by our NATO allies. The way to get NATO working is not to blow up a NATO summit, and it is not to disparage NATO allies—allies of half a century. Now we see that same wrecking ball strategy in the United Kingdom, our oldest ally on the face of the Earth. This is no way to conduct foreign policy. It is destructive, and it will hurt the United States’ interests that have been served long by our allies and by NATO in particular. I hope the President of the United States comes to his senses and understands talking discretely is far better than blowing it up. f 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 50. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 985 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 50. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0915 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes, with Mr. MAST in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in 1995, Congress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, or UMRA, to prevent the imposition of burdensome and costly Federal unfunded mandates. Over the course of this Congress, the Oversight and Government Reform Committee has developed a record that clearly shows UMRA has fallen short of its original goals. Last year, the committee sought input on UMRA and received several hundred responses from Governors, State legislators, and county officials regarding the impact of Federal laws and regulations. Too often, State and local governments are confronted with the rotten choice of raising taxes on their residents or cutting services residents depend on in order to comply with Federal mandates. Unfunded federal mandates strain State and local budgets, and subvert the principles of American federalism. Federal agencies treat States as servants to their regulatory whims, rather than as partners to consult before imposing new, burdensome mandates. In an April 2017 hearing, a Kentucky county executive testified that Federal agencies treat their responsibilities under UMRA as an exercise to ‘‘check a box,’’ rather than an opportunity to engage in a meaningful intergovernmental partnership. H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, is designed to solve these problems. It will improve the quality of regulatory and legislative analysis and close the current loophole which allows an agency to bypass UMRA analysis by not issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking. According to the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office, 35 percent of major rules are issued without a notice of proposed rulemaking. That means more than onethird of the regulations with the greatest impact on the economy are excluded from UMRA’s costbenefit and other analyses. H.R. 50 also expands the definition of direct costs to ensure economic analysis considers foregone profits, costs passed on to consumers, and behavioral changes. Requiring Federal regulatory agencies and the Congressional Budget Office to include all anticipated costs in cost estimates will help ensure that analyses are complete and provide an accurate description of the full effects of regulations and legislation. H.R. 50 enhances transparency, accountability, and communication between the Federal Government and State, local, Tribal, or private sector partners. It requires Federal agencies to engage in a more thorough regulatory process by codifying key provisions of President Clinton’s Executive Order 12866. These principles were reaffirmed by President Obama in Executive Order 13563 and are consistent with President Trump’s executive orders on regulatory reform. Under UMRA, agencies are required to consult with State, local, and Tribal governments when developing significant regulatory mandates. H.R. 50 extends this requirement to the private sector, which is similarly burdened by unfunded Federal regulatory mandates. The bill also requires independent agencies like the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, and the Federal Communications Commission to comply with UMRA. Finally, H.R. 50 extends judicial review to help ensure agencies carefully consider the least costly and least burdensome regulatory alternative, giving courts the authority to stay regulations for noncompliance with UMRA. These changes are critical to achieving what Congress set out to do when UMRA was passed in 1995. Requiring greater transparency and improving analysis prior to imposing Federal mandates is not a partisan goal. State and local governments headed by Republicans and Democrats 
alike are affected by unfunded Federal mandates. Businesses throughout the country have invested time and resources to comply with Federal mandates. With such a sweeping impact, any decision to impose a Federal mandate should, at a minimum, be transparent and based on the most comprehensive and accurate information available. It is for this reason that our bill is supported by a vast coalition of nonpartisan, nonprofit organizations made up of United States State and local government officials. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD letters from these coalitions, which includes the United States Conference of Mayors, the National League of Cities, the International City/County Management Association, the National Association of Counties, the Council of State Governments, the National Conference of State Legislatures, and the National Governors Association. 
NFIB, Washington, DC, March 14, 2018. Hon. VIRGINIA FOXX, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE FOXX: On behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), the nation’s leading small business advocacy organization, I am writing in support of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. This legislation makes critical improvements to the regulatory review process. In a recent NFIB National Small Business Poll, almost half of small businesses surveyed viewed regulation as a ‘‘very serious’’ (25 percent) or ‘‘somewhat serious’’ (24 percent) problem. Additionally, 51 percent of small business owners reported an increase in the number of regulations impacting their business over the previous three years. H.R. 50 requires that federal agencies abide by explicit criteria when assessing potential impacts of regulatory actions, and further stipulates that the cumulative impacts of the regulatory burden be considered. The legislation enhances Congressional authority in regulatory oversight, requiring agencies to review existing regulations upon the request of a committee chair or ranking member. In addition, the legislation transfers authority under the current unfunded mandates law from the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) to OMB’s Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA), whose staff is better equipped to handle such work. Thank you for leading on this important legislation. We look forward to working with you on reforming the regulatory process as the 115th Congress moves forward. Sincerely, JUANITA D. D UGGAN , President & CEO, NFIB. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , Washington, DC, March 14, 2018. Hon. TREYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. ELIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOWDY AND RANKING MEMBER CUMMINGS : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports H.R. 50, the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017.’’ The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA) requires agencies to undertake a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the anticipated costs and benefits of the federal mandate before promulgating a final rule. For rules costing over $100 million, UMRA requires the agency to identify and consider a reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and select the least costly, most costeffective, or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of the rule. Alternatively, the head of the agency must publish with the final rule an explanation of why the least costly, most costeffective, or least burdensome method of achieving the rule’s objectives was not chosen. However, agencies routinely engineer the regulatory process to avoid UMRA’s requirements. The Government Accountability Office has found that many statutes and final rules containing significant unfunded mandates were enacted or published without being identified as federal mandates at or above UMRA’s thresholds. Worst of all, there is no mechanism to obtain meaningful judicial review for UMRA violations, so agencies can easily get away with skirting the law’s requirements. H.R. 50 would fix many of these problems. It would close loopholes that agencies use to circumvent UMRA and provide for enhanced stakeholder participation, meaningful UMRA oversight, and judicial review. The bill would also enhance the ability of Congress to identify unfunded mandates in legislation it considers. The Chamber urges you to vote in favor of this bipartisan legislation, and to report it to the full House as expeditiously as practicable. Sincerely, NEILL. B RADLEY . 
MARCH 13, 2018. Re The Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act (H.R. 50/S. 1523). Hon. RONJOHNSON , Chairman, Senate Committee on Homeland, Security and Governmental Affairs, Washington, DC. Hon. TREYGOWDY , Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Washington, DC. Hon. CLAIRE MCCASKILL , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Washington, DC. Hon. ELIJAH CUMMINGS , Ranking Member, House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR SENATORS JOHNSON AND MCCASKILL  
ANDREPRESENTATIVES GOWDY AND CUMMINGS : On behalf of the Big 7, a coalition of national organizations representing state and local officials, we applaud your efforts to make improvements to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA) of 1995. Monitoring federal regulations and planning for unfunded mandates continues to be one of the most pressing issues for state and local leaders. In particular, we support strengthening the required analysis of pending legislation and your call for a strong regulatory lookback process. This additional information is critical for improving both the legislative and regulatory processes. As you know, UMRA was designed to limit the imposition of unfunded federal mandates on state, local, and tribal governments by requiring the Congressional Budget Office and regulatory agencies to provide a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the anticipated costs of legislation and certain regulations, respectively. As UMRA begins its third decade, the goal of curbing ‘‘the practice of imposing unfunded Federal mandates on State and local governments’’ is even more important. A past report by the White House Office of Management and Budget stated federal regulations and unfunded mandates cost states, cities and the general public between $44 and $62 billion each year. With many states and local governments facing revenue restrictions and growing local financial burdens, the federal government should avoid imposing any new unfunded mandates. Moreover, federal regulatory agencies should work more closely with state and local governments and other stakeholders during the rulemaking process to gather input and identify practical solutions. We commend you for your leadership in advocating the enactment of this legislation, and we look forward to working with you and your staff to ensure its passage. Sincerely, DAVID ADKINS , CEO and Executive Director, The Council of State Governments. MATTHEW D. C HASE , Executive Director, National Association of Counites. SCOTT PATTISON , Executive Director, National Governors Association. CLARENCE ANTHONY , CEO and Executive Director, National League of Cities. MARCOTT, Executive Director, International City/ County Management Association. WILLIAM T. P OUND , Executive Director, National Conference of State Legislatures. TOMCOCHRAN , CEO and Executive Director, The U.S. Conference of Mayors. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 50 ensures the commonsense goals Congress intended when enacting UMRA in 1995 are in fact realized and improved upon. I thank the bipartisan group of Members who cosponsored and support this bill. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 50, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND  GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 25, 2018. Hon. STEVE WOMACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 15, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017, with an amendment, by recorded vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with additional referrals to the Committees on Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary. 
I ask you allow the Committee on the Budget to be discharged from further consideration of the bill to expedite floor consideration. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Budget represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, June 26, 2018. Hon. TREYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. The bill contains provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Budget. In order to expedite House consideration of H.R. 50, the Committee on the Budget will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not in any way prejudice the Committee with respect to its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. I also ask that the Committee on the Budget be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that the Committee may address any remaining issues that fall within its jurisdiction. The Committee on the Budget also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation. I also request that you include this letter and your response as part of your committee’s report on H.R. 50 and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration. Thank you for your attention to these matters. I look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. Sincerely, STEVE WOMACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. PETESESSIONS , Chairman, Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On March 15, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017, with an amendment, by recorded vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with additional referrals to the Committees on Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary. I ask you allow the Committee on Rules to be discharged from further consideration of the bill to expedite floor consideration. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Rules represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON RULES , Washington, DC, June 27, 2018. Hon. TREYGOWDY  Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for your letter on H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandate and Information Technology Act of 2017, which your Committee ordered reported on March 15, 2018. Because of your willingness to consult with my committee regarding this matter, I will waive consideration of the bill by the Rules Committee. By agreeing to waive its consideration of the bill, the Rules Committee does not waive its jurisdiction over H.R. 50. In addition, the Committee on Rules reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provisions of the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this legislation. I ask your commitment to support any request by the Committee on Rules for conferees on H.R. 50 or related legislation. I also request that you include this letter and your response as part of your Committee’s report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, PETESESSIONS , Chairman, House Committee on Rules. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 28, 2018. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. As you know, on March 15, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported the bill with an amendment, by recorded vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with additional referrals to the Committees on Budget, Rules, and the Judiciary. I thank you for allowing the Committee on the Judiciary to be discharged from further consideration of the bill to expedite floor consideration. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary represented on the conference committee. I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 28, 2018. Hon. TREYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : I write with respect to H.R. 50, the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 50 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 50 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 50 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 50. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. We have seen this bill before. It was a bad idea then, it is a bad idea now. Proponents of this bill, as we have just heard, may argue that regulations are burdensome and costly—and sometimes they are—but, in fact, the benefits of agency regulations far outweigh the costs. The most recent draft report of the Trump administration’s own Office of Management and Budget on the benefits and costs of regulations found that the estimated annual benefits of rules between 2006 and 2016, which covers nearly all of the regulations during the previous administration, were between $219 billion and $695 billion. Those are the benefits, the value of benefits. By contrast, it said that the cost of those same rules were estimated at between somewhere around $59 billion and $88 billion. The benefits far outweigh the cost to the American public. This bill will impose numerous requirements that will slow down the regulatory process and give regulated industry an unfair advantage over public health organizations, doctors, scientists, and ordinary Americans when new rules are made. The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act was important in helping to strike a balance between the need for Federal regulations and the burden those regulations placed on State and local governments. I know that. I was the head 
of a very large local government. Congress should endeavor to strike, however, a similar balance with mandates on the private sector, without putting our fingers on the scale for the very industries that need regulations, as this bill does. Under this bill, agencies would be required to consult with impacted entities in the private sector on a proposed rule before the rule is even made available to the public, giving a very unfair advantage to the industries to be regulated. Agencies should consult with industry on proposed rules, of course. Regulated corporations, however, should never been given an explicit and unfair preference over other stakeholders, particularly the American families and consumers these rules are designed to protect. Drug manufacturers, for example, should not get to influence an opioid safety regulation before public health experts. The energy industry should not get to weigh in on a regulation before those citizens whose air and water quality would be affected are heard from. This bill would also significantly expand in almost a sweeping way judicial review under the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. UMRA currently prohibits a court from delaying or invalidating a rule based on an agency’s compliance with UMRA. This bill would eliminate that restriction. This bill would also allow judges to secondguess agency experts by evaluating the adequacy of agency analyses, including costbenefit estimates, giving broad new power to the judiciary to get into the rulemaking process and, in some cases, perhaps, to substitute themselves for regulatory agencies. This is something I don’t believe we want to see. The bill would also require an agency to conduct a retrospective costbenefit analysis of any existing rule if requested by the chairman or ranking member of the committee. This provision would require agencies to conduct analyses on potentially thousands of rules, diverting unnecessary time and attention away from fulfilling their missions. That is designed, basically, to preclude new rulemaking from happening at all. H.R. 50 would also repeal the exemption that is currently in UMRA for independent agencies. As a result, the independence of agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commission could be compromised because the Office of Management and Budget would now have a role in shaping rules those agencies issue. The bottom line is that regulation can make our air cleaner to breathe, our water safer to drink—by the way, we are reminded of that right now here in Washington, D.C., where we have a water boil advisory—the products we use safer, and provide protections that are critical for a healthy economy. H.R. 50 would impose new roadblocks that would make it harder to provide those protections for the public we serve. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, we have often heard that the most dangerous words or the most dangerous phrase in the English language is, ‘‘We are from the Federal Government, and we are here to help.’’ I agree with that. Everywhere I go in my district, I hear from people, It isn’t the laws that we pass, it’s the regulations that implement those laws that are the biggest problems. Unfortunately, many of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle believe that government bureaucrats are the smartest people in the world. In fact, they are smarter than the majority of the American people who make this country great. We absolutely do not want to do away with all rules and regulations. We want safe food. We want safe drinking water. We want all those things that help make this country great, but we want to bring some common sense and some transparency to the regulatory process. That is what H.R. 50 does. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. One of the laws of physics states: For every action in nature, there is an equal and opposite reaction. The same thing happens in our economy. b0930 Well, I can confidently say that, for every action made in Washington, D.C.’s bloated bureaucracy, there is going to be an unfunded mandate for private businesses and State, local, and Tribal businesses to grapple with. In 1995, Congress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act to help stop the burden of these costly Federal unfunded mandates. However, over the last 23 years, many unfunded mandates have slipped through the cracks due to loopholes or failed analyses, costing taxpayers more of their hardearned money. As a smallbusiness owner for more than 40 years, I am a strong advocate for scrutinizing every tax dollar spent and holding agencies accountable. As Dr. FOXXmentioned of her travels in her district and my travels in my district, for the last 500 days since this administration and this President took office, it is like somebody flipped on the light switch. More jobs are being created; wages are rising; and the economy is growing. Jobs are being created. There are more jobs available today than there are people seeking jobs. H.R. 50 does this. It closes loopholes in the current law, strengthens analysis requirements to identify harmful Federal mandates, and requires detailed assessments of authorized funding levels. Mr. Chair, I encourage all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 50 today. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, before I recognize Mr. CUMMINGS , the distinguished ranking member of our committee, I do want to say, it is the same old thing: Oh, this is just commonsense. Of course we favor sensible regulation that protects our air and water. Really. The same crowd that says that is witnessing the dismantlement of regulations and, frankly, the defenestration of the regulatory agencies charged with that mission, like the EPA. The late, lamented Administrator of the EPA has set about on a wrecking ball mission at EPA, and I don’t hear my Republican friends speaking up, decrying that, and defending those regulations to protect the public. This is a pig in a poke. My colleagues should not support it. Mr. Chair, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, the vice ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, for yielding time and for doing such a phenomenal job on our committee. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. This legislation would obstruct the regulatory process with new requirements that would make it more difficult to promulgate regulations that protect the health and safety of Americans. This bill also would give regulated companies the ability to weigh in on rules before other stakeholders. That is simply not right. Under this bill, gun manufacturers could influence a gun safety rule before child safety experts. Under this bill, banks could shape rules related to obtaining lines of credit before consumer advocates. Under this bill, a coal company could weigh in on a clean air rule before doctors, scientists, and other public health experts. This is a gross distortion of how this process should work, and it would put the interests of polluters and other corporate offenders ahead of the American people. I simply say that we are better than that. This bill also must be viewed in the context of the broader assault on regulations underway by President Trump and his allies in Congress. Using the Congressional Review Act, Republicans in Congress have repealed 16 health, safety, environmental, and consumer protection rules. 
They repealed a rule that prevented individuals with severe mental illnesses from gaining access to guns. Give me a break. They repealed the stream protection rule, which required monitoring of streams and groundwater for toxic contaminants dumped by coal mining companies. Yes, they did that, too. They repealed the fair pay and safe workplaces rule, which required that American tax dollars be spent only on companies that comply with the workplace health, safety, and civil rights laws by which all private businesses must abide. The bill before us today is yet another attack on regulations, one that Republicans have passed many times before but have never been able to enact. This bill would amend the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, which was enacted as part of Newt Gingrich’s Contract with America. Even in the context of the extreme agenda of the Contract with America, Congress included several limitations in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. This bill would repeal those limitations. This bill also would put independent agencies in jeopardy of political interference. The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act currently exempts independent agencies from its reporting requirements. This bill would remove that exemption. That means independent regulatory agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commission would have to submit their rules to the Office of Management and Budget for review, which could undermine their independence. Section 12 of the bill would require an agency to perform a retrospective review, including an additional cost benefit analysis of any existing rule, if requested by the chairman or ranking member of a committee. The Congressional Research Service found that there is a tenable argument that section 12 is unconstitutional. CRS said: ‘‘It could be argued that imbuing certain Members with the authority to demand that an agency prepare a report under section 12 is an action of sufficient legislative character and effect as to trigger the bicameralism and presentment requirements of Article I.’’ These flaws are reason enough to oppose this bill, but the most important reason is that we rely on agency rulemaking to protect our children, protect our workers, and protect our economy. The Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, a group of more than 160 good government, labor, scientific, faith, health, and community organizations, sent a letter to Congress strongly opposing this bill. Here is just a portion of what the letter said: ‘‘The costs of deregulation should be obvious by now. The Wall Street economic collapse, various food and product safety recalls, and numerous environmental disasters demonstrate the need for a regulatory system that protects the public, not corporate interests.’’ Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to point out that independent agencies need oversight as much as any other agencies. They already submit regulatory products to the Office of Management and Budget and the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, OIRA, including information collection requests under the Paperwork Reduction Act. The Administrative Conference of the United States has recommended greater oversight of independent agencies for decades. The American Bar Association did the same in 1990 and reaffirmed the need in 2016 saying: ‘‘We strongly urge you to bring the independent regulatory commissions within the requirements for costbenefit analysis and retrospective review of rules currently reflected in Executive Order 12866 and Executive Order 13563.’’ I want to point out that both of these executive orders were promulgated by Democrat Presidents. In 2011, Sally Katzen, OIRA Administrator under the Clinton administration, urged expanded oversight of independent agencies. She wrote: ‘‘Our concern is that independent agencies are not typically engaged in the analysis that has come to be expected as a form of governmental best practices for regulatory agencies.’’ This bill simply requires independent agencies to undertake the same cost benefit analysis and reporting requirements as other regulatory agencies. There is no threat to their independence. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time to me, and I thank our ranking member, again, for trying to work together. Again, I respectfully support H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017. This is an issue that I have been working on since the 1990s in the State legislature. In fact, I was the author of house bill 66 when the Democrats controlled the Governorship, the House, the Senate, and the State legislature. I was able to pass the first unfunded mandates bill in the State of Texas. This particular issue in Congress started in 1995 under the Clinton administration. Again, with a Republican Congress working together, the Congress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act in 1995. This legislation was designed to prevent the Federal Government from imposing unfunded mandates on States and local governments, or private businesses, without policymakers or the public knowing the cost of such policies. This legislation ensured public awareness of the financial burden of Federal mandates on smallbusiness owners and on State and local governments. However, this unfunded mandates bill has not been amended since 1995, and some of those changes are necessary to preserve and improve the act’s initial purpose. This bill closes some of the loopholes by removing independent agency reporting exemptions, setting forth detailed assessment criteria, and allowing judicial review of agency assessments. My district has a number of rural and underserved communities that need many resources. Imposing unfunded mandates on these kinds of communities makes life even more difficult for hardworking Americans to access basic needs, such as water infrastructure, sanitary water, and adequate living conditions. Additionally, this bill requires that Federal agencies consult with the private sector when issuing regulations. What is wrong with consultation? Again, it allows recourse for companies, if agencies do not comply. As a former smallbusiness owner, I know the challenges of opening a business; the challenges of keeping a business open, including finding the resources and funds to get started; and how to keep a business running, especially on a tight budget. Higher costs for these entrepreneurs make it more difficult for them to start and maintain a business, which means blunted economic growth for communities that need it the most, like the ones I represent in south Texas. This bill restores and provides a framework to provide clarity to small business and local governments, and allows workers and entrepreneurs to freely pursue their dreams. The bottom line is this: This bill will create more certainty for our Nation’s businesses, including the smallbusiness owners and the entrepreneurs who invest in the future, and allow more Americans to achieve the dream of business ownership. I encourage my colleagues from both parties to support it. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman FOXXfor introducing this legislation and encourage both sides of the aisle to support it. I understand this is a process. Hopefully, as we go along, after this bill passes, we will work this out in the Senate. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My friend from Texas is right. This will certainly provide a lot more clarity for private enterprise. I am not sure it is the kind of clarity we want, because they are going to get their nose into the business of rulemaking to serve their interests. 
b0945 There are rules that could not have been enacted if H.R. 50 had been law. For example, after the Deepwater Horizon explosion that killed 11 crew members and set off the worst oil spill in American history, the Department of the Interior finalized a rule in 2016 to tighten controls in blowout preventers and calling for rig operators to have third parties certify that the safety devices worked under extreme conditions. That rule would have been precluded because of the provisions of this bill. The sanitary transportation of human and animal food, this rule establishes requirements for parties engaged in the transportation of food, including food for animals, to use sanitary transportation practices. That would have been precluded. The corporate average fuel economy standards to regulate milespergallon number of lightduty vehicles such as sedans, minivans, and any vehicle that weighs less than 10,000 pounds would have been precluded. The longterm care facilities arbitration agreements ban nursing homes and assisted living facilities from forcing patients and their families into private arbitration to resolve disputes. We protected the interests of consumers and their families at a time of need. That rule would have been precluded, too. So that may be the reason why the Coalition for Sensible Safeguards, 150 organizations, have come together to oppose this bill. It is not in the public interest. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY), a distinguished member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It gives me great pride to recognize my dear friend. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, let me thank my colleague from Virginia for yielding as well as for his leadership on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to once again strongly oppose H.R. 50. I consider it a misguided bill that will cost American consumers, potentially, millions more in tax dollars, while making it easier for bad actors and certain industries to continue their abusive practices as they attempt to stonewall appropriate regulation. Make no mistake: H.R. 50 is a frontal assault on the Nation’s health, safety, and environmental protections, and it would erect new barriers to give selected industries a builtin advantage to evade or eliminate vital rules that protect the American people. For instance, this bill would require agencies to consult with private sector entities ‘‘as early as possible, before issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking, continue through the final rule stage, and be integrated explicitly into the rulemaking process.’’ Now, I agree that Federal agencies should consult with regulated industries regarding proposed rules, but they should not receive an insider, prewired advantage in the regulating and rulemaking process over other stakeholders. H.R. 50 would also expand judicial review under UMRA and would allow a court to review the inadequacy or failure of an agency to prepare a written statement under UMRA. UMRA currently prohibits courts from using the law to stay, invalidate, or otherwise affect an agency rule. H.R. 50 would eliminate this prohibition. I thought the majority strongly opposed judicial activism, but perhaps that only applies to protecting the President. We don’t have to choose between protecting the health, welfare, and safety of Americans and promoting economic growth, job creation, and innovation. We can do both. H.R. 50 advances neither of these worthy goals, and that is why I urge my colleagues to reject this deeply flawed act that will stack the deck against the American consumer. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 121⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN), a distinguished member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. It gives me great pleasure to recognize my distinguished colleague. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlemen from Virginia for yielding to me and for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition of H.R. 50, the misleadingly named Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, which passed out of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee on a strictly partisan vote. This dangerous bill is an attempt to weaken consumer protections, give private industry an unfair advantage, and erect unnecessary barriers to the regulatory process. Ultimately, this bill is designed to prioritize the interests of private businesses over the interests of the consumers these rules are designed to protect. H.R. 50 also slows the regulatory process by using litigation today to delay the approval of rules. The existing Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 prohibits courts from using the law to stay, enjoin, invalidate, or otherwise affect an agency rule. H.R. 50 would fundamentally change that law by eliminating this prohibition, giving regulated businesses the ability to abuse a gratuitously expanded judicial review and tie up rules that would otherwise protect real people in courts for years. While it has been very popular in this Congress to attack regulations as uniformly bad, the reality is that many of these rules are crucial to protecting our air and water, preventing dangerous financial practices, and ensuring the safety of food and drugs—to put it more simply, to protect Americans from corporations whose only motivation is to maximize their profit. Enacting this legislation would put these vital rules at risk. H.R. 50 is a very harmful bill. I want to urge all of my colleagues to vote against it on the House floor today. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time and allow the gentleman from Virginia to close. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from North Carolina. I appreciate her fervor, and I know she is sincere in her convictions with respect to this legislation and to the underlying issues. As someone who came from local government, coming here to Congress, running one of the biggest local governments in the United States, I certainly am sympathetic to the purposes of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, and I supported many of those provisions. This goes too far. This isn’t just an UMRA improvement. This is gutting, wholesale, the regulatory process that provides enormous benefits, and we know that from the OMB itself in terms of the benefits versus the cost of rulemaking to protect the public. Where we can make improvements, great, but gutting it, giving the regulated industries an inside opportunity to shape or block those regulations before the public ever even sees them, expanding, in a great way, the role of the judiciary to secondguess and subvert the role of rulemaking agencies in the executive branch, I think, does raise constitutional issues, as Mr. CUMMINGS  said, that sooner or later will have to be addressed. So I think this is a very flawed piece of legislation, despite the good intentions of my friend from North Carolina. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on something that is simple, neat, but wrong, as H.L. Mencken once said. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, we have heard time and again of the burdens the Federal Government imposes on State, local, and Tribal governments. We have also heard from businesses throughout the country, both large and small, that have to forego investments in employees and infrastructure in order to comply with these mandates. Congress passed the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act in 1995 to require the Federal Government to think twice before imposing unfunded mandates. And let me say, that bill passed, I believe, with unanimous support from both the House and the Senate. If not unanimous, it was overwhelming, over 400 votes in the House and, I believe, 98 votes in the Senate. Of course, in the 23 years since passage, the bureaucrats in the Federal 
Government have found ways around many of those requirements. As I pointed out in my opening remarks, the GAO has reported that 35 percent, more than onethird of major rules, are issued without a notice of proposed rulemaking so that the public has no idea what is coming out in the rulemaking in advance. It is time to make sure UMRA works as Congress intended. Again, I am fascinated sometimes by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle who don’t want to take responsibility for our actions and want to give over the running of the entire government to the executive branch. It makes absolutely no sense to me. I am not sure why some run for office if they don’t want to take on their responsibilities. Legislative and regulatory decisions should be made in consideration of all of the available information, not just part of it. The government should consider every option before imposing unnecessary burdens on the States, localities, and even private enterprise. H.R. 50 closes UMRA’s loopholes and enhances transparency, accountability, and communication between the Federal Government and State, local, Tribal, and private sector partners. We do not do away with all rulemaking. We do not want to make food, water, housing, all those things that are regulated for the good of the American people, we don’t want to do away with those. We simply want to have more transparency and understand the cost of the regulations. H.R. 50 codifies bipartisan regulatory principles, enhances required analysis, adds independent agencies to the cost benefit analysis requirements, extends judicial review to hold agencies accountable, and improves stakeholder consultation. I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The amendment recommended by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, printed in the bill, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 50 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017’’. 
Section 201 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1531) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 208 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1538) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 109 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1516) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to the Congressional Budget Office $1,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2024 to carry out the provisions of this title.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–812. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MRS . WATSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–812. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Jersey. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, my amendment simply strikes a section of H.R. 50 that subjects independent agencies to the reporting requirements of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, also known as UMRA. The Office of Management and Budget, which is charged with implementing the President’s priorities across the executive branch, is responsible for overseeing the implementation of H.R. 50. b1000 This bill expands OMB’s role by requiring them to guarantee that each agency complies with the act’s requirements, which puts the independent agencies in jeopardy of political interference. The independence of regulatory agencies, like the Federal Communications Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, who are responsible for protecting public health and safety, would be severely compromised. The aptly named independent agencies are entitled to operate with more autonomy than Cabinet agencies and without undue influence from Presidential administrations. This is particularly troubling considering this administration’s track record on weakening States’ rights by gutting Federal public protections and blocking States from adopting stronger State level standards and protections. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for her thoughtful amendment. This amendment would significantly improve an already bad bill by exempting the independent agencies, who should not be brought under the penumbra of this bill at all. It will absolutely cut their independence and make them subject to the rulemaking and the supervision of the OMB in a way that Congress never intended. That is why they are independent agencies. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this thoughtful amendment, and I thank my good friend from New Jersey for her leadership on this matter. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike a key provision of H.R. 50, requiring independent agencies to comply with UMRA. The purpose of H.R. 50 is to require comprehensive analysis before agencies impose unfunded mandates on State, local, or Tribal governments and the private sector. Regulations must be fully analyzed and imposed only after impacted parties have been consulted. That should be the case whether the regulations come from a Cabinet department or an independent agency. From fiscal year 1997 to fiscal year 2016, independent agencies issued 275 major rules. Those rules imposed significant costs on our economy and often included mandates on State, local, and Tribal governments and the private sector, just the same as rules that came from nonindependent agencies. Because independent agencies are excluded from UMRA, excluded from regulatory process requirements in Executive Order No. 12866, and excluded from review by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, few independent agencies conduct costbenefit analyses. In FY 2016, independent agencies issued 18 major regulations, but only a third of those rules included monetized cost analysis and not one rule included any analysis of monetized benefits. The costbenefit analyses required by UMRA are essential for a transparent and accountable regulatory system, and eliminating section 5 would be inconsistent with the intent of H.R. 50. This bill seeks to close loopholes, not preserve them. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, can you tell me how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from New Jersey has 3 minutes remaining. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, supporters of this bill will falsely claim that the provision in H.R. 50 will close a loophole that will make independent agencies accountable to the public. But I want to make it clear that this provision will only give presidents greater control over independent agencies and will create needless uncertainty in the decisionmaking process of independent regulatory agencies. It is also unclear how reducing the independence of these agencies addresses unfunded mandates. Instead, it is clear that the real goal is simply to undermine their independence. For these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and remove this harmful provision. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, the real goal of this bill is to require transparency on the part of independent agencies and not to have a nefarious impact on those independent agencies. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSONCOLEMAN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RASKIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–812. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which is offered in conjunction with the primary sponsor of H.R. 50, Representative VIRGINIA FOXX, who I know has worked very hard on this legislation. I am glad that Ms. FOXX has embraced the amendment because it does improve the legislation. The amendment would require the website post within 5 days of any consultations that an agency has with nonFederal parties during the development of regulatory proposals containing a significant Federal unfunded mandate, as well as the website posting of any comments submitted by non Federal parties on such proposals within 5 days of their submission. I am delighted that we have converged around this question of transparency in the regulatory process. Public rules should serve the public, so the public should know what the ingredients are, what the discussions are that are going into the preparation and the development of public regulations. This is a consensus amendment, which is all about sunlight and scrutiny. The idea of agency interaction with interested parties on Federal mandates is a good one. In this case, I only wish that the bill required far broader and more inclusive consultation. As it stands in the legislation, early consultation is only required with affected ‘‘parties within the private sector including small businesses’’ and ‘‘State, local, and Tribal governments,’’ which are already covered under the Unfunded Mandate Reform Act. The bill still operates in a slanted way. It does not require early consultations with representatives of other affected parties, like veterans, farmers, law enforcement officers, community associations, religious groups, and so on. I have told the sponsor that I think it is a mistake to keep it this narrow, and I only wish the Rules Committee had, in its wisdom, accepted my second amendment so we could address that shortcoming. But having said that, I appreciate the strong incorporation of the language on transparency and disclosure, and I wish that, at least in the future, that we can be more flexible about placing all affected regulatory parties on the same plane. I thank Representative FOXXfor her support on this amendment, and I ask that all of my colleagues support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Maryland for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. It is a thoughtful addition. Certainly, more transparency is a good thing. But, as Mr. RASKIN suggests, it doesn’t change the underlying fact that this is a flawed bill. It doesn’t change the fact that it guts independent agencies. It doesn’t change the fact that it broadly expands the role of the judiciary in an executive branch rulemaking process. It doesn’t change the fact that it basically gives unilateral authority to the chairman and ranking member here in Congress to block rules, period. And it doesn’t change the fact that it gives the private sector an unprecedented role in rulemaking a priority in a way that is absolutely against consumer interests. I know my friend from Maryland understands that, so I thank him for his thoughtful amendment. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. CONNOLLY for those remarks. I agree with that. I think there was an opportunity here where we could have gotten the whole committee together, but the bill does remain way too narrow in terms of addressing just part of the affected regulatory community and not the rest of it, and there is no reason to do it like that. Mr. Chairman, I am glad that we have an amendment on transparency in the process that takes place, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to this amendment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to support this amendment. This amendment requires a record of any consultation with a nonFederal party and requires agencies to post any comments submitted by a nonFederal party to their website within 5 days. Transparency is a bipartisan priority and is a key feature of many regulatory process requirements. For instance, the Administrative Procedures Act generally requires Federal agencies to publish their proposed rules in the Federal Register for all to see and to give the public an opportunity to comment. Rulemaking dockets and public comments are increasingly available for public inspection online. Groups, such as the Administrative Conference of the United States, have recommended that records of consultations and ex parte communications be disclosed and made a part of the rulemaking docket. H.R. 50 seeks to introduce greater transparency in the regulatory process, and this amendment is consistent with that split. I thank the gentleman from Maryland for offering the amendment and for working with me to expand its application and increase transparency. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 3 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–812. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 19, after line 7, insert the following new section: 
If the real gross domestic product of the United States fails to increase at an average annual rate of 5 percent or more for the first 4 calendar quarters occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act, as released by the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce, then the amendments made by this Act to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Public Law 1044; 2 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.) and the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602 et seq.) are repealed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this is a simple, clear amendment to the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. This amendment seeks to establish a performancebased sunset mechanism stipulating that, in the event that the annual rate of real GDP growth remains below 5 percent over the first four quarters occurring after the date of enactment, then the statutory changes made by H.R. 50 are repealed because the bill will have proved to have been ineffective. If the promise of deregulation and gutting the protection of the American people is greater economic growth, then let’s test that theory. This amendment sets up a realworld measurement and a sunset mechanism that supporters and opponents can support. It features the flexibility to ensure an appropriate response to the impact of H.R. 50 on America’s economic 
growth over the year following enactment. If the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, by lessening the independence of independent regulatory agencies and by strengthening the influence of the private sector to be regulated in the Federal rulemaking process, does, in fact, spur economic growth, we should hold the policy accountable. During the Obama administration—a time when President Obama’s critics believed that overregulation was inhibiting the economy from growing and stunting recovery after the Great Recession, quarterly growth contradicted them. Quarterly growth of real GDP was at least 5 percent once and over 4 percent 11 times. In fact, in 2014, when Congress last considered, but did not enact, this bill and the supposed hobnail boot of government was on the neck of our economy, GDP actually grew at an annual rate of 4.6 percent and 5.2 percent in the second and third quarters, respectively, of that year. The provisions of H.R. 50 would make it harder for Federal agencies to safeguard air and water quality, the safety of food and consumer products, and the health and welfare of all Americans, all in the name of spurring economic growth. Therefore, it follows, if it fails to spur that promised economic growth and achieve an average annual growth of 5 percent over the year following the enactment of the law, then the statutory changes made by this bill should be repealed because they failed. Anything less would be a bad deal for the American public. Finally, I would note that, according to the preliminary estimate of the Congressional Budget Office, this amendment would not increase direct spending or reduce revenues, and I strongly urge my colleagues to adopt it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b1015 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would repeal H.R. 50 if GDP remains below 5 percent over the first four quarters after enactment. H.R. 50 is not intended to raise the GDP. It is intended to ensure the Federal Government does not impose costs on State, local, and Tribal governments and the private sector without consulting those entities that are impacted by the regulation. The GDP does not reflect how a given regulatory mandate affects a particular government or private sector industry. However, this amendment would tie the GDP to the future of the entire bill. H.R. 50 gives the private sector an opportunity to give Federal agencies information about how to craft reasonable and effective regulation. After all, State, local, and Tribal governments and private sector entities are often in the best position to anticipate how a proposed regulation will affect their operations. H.R. 50 will help to ensure regulations that impose unfunded mandates are adequately analyzed in order to make these mandates the most effective and least burdensome they can be. I urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia) having assumed the chair, Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 985, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with a further amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the amendment. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. BEATTY. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Beatty moves to recommit the bill H.R. 50 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end of the bill the following: 
As the dialog on this issue continues, we should not hamstring Federal efforts to address what is so clearly a systemic problem in this country. This amendment would also cover the issue of human trafficking. I am very proud of my bipartisan work that I have done on trafficking, and some of my most stalwart partners on this issue come from the other side of the aisle. I would hope that they, too, would recognize that we need the ability to institute the strongest possible protections. Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, the House overwhelmingly passed a new law that has had an immediate impact on stemming online trafficking. As successful as the law has been, traffickers continue to adapt and find ways to exploit our children and the most at risk. This bill will make it harder for Federal agencies to respond to these new realities. There is no costbenefit analysis that can properly weigh the importance of protecting children who have been trafficked, who have been sexually assaulted or abused. There is no congressionally mandated report or stakeholder consultation that could reach any conclusion other than we should do everything possible to prevent domestic violence. On behalf of all of those who have been victims of domestic violence or sexual assault, or for those who we can prevent from becoming victims, I urge, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues today to support this amendment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana). The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, we, on our side of the aisle, join our colleague in stating our absolute abhorrence to domestic violence and sexual assault in this country. None of us want to see any incidents of sexual assault, domestic violence, or assault on children, obviously. What we are concerned about, and what this bill can help do, is to help our local police and law enforcement have better opportunities to help to fight these terrible, terrible situations. I thank our colleague for her leadership in working with us on this side of the aisle and with all of us who have had a bipartisan effort on sex trafficking and sexual assault. But, Mr. Speaker, I oppose the motion to recommit. We have been analyzing, debating, and voting on this bill to update the unfunded mandates reform for years. When UMRA was enacted 23 years ago, it was an important step to analyze the burdens of Federal legislation and regulations on State and local governments. But now it needs an update. H.R. 50 would close loopholes in UMRA, enhance transparency and accountability, and increase communication with State and local governments. Mr. Speaker, if the State and local governments didn’t have to spend so much money on unnecessary things, perhaps they would be able to do more on the issues my colleague brought up. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan bill with a bipartisan amendment from the committee and a bipartisan amendment from the floor. Let’s not let a bipartisan motion stop a fix to decades old problems in all our districts, unfunded mandates. H.R. 50 is good for State and local governments, the Federal Government, businesses, and, most importantly, it is good for the public. I urge my colleagues to oppose the motion to recommit. I support the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 180, nays 219, not voting 29, as follows: [Roll No. 327] YEAS—180 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—219 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barletta Black Cheney Ellison Garrett Hanabusa Harper Hoyer Issa Jones Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Lofgren Lowey Marchant McEachin Moore Moulton Mullin Perlmutter Rooney, Thomas J. Sewell (AL) Simpson Speier Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Walz Waters, Maxine 
b1052 Messrs. GROTHMAN, GRAVES of Georgia, WALDEN, DAVIDSON, WALBERG, SMITH of Nebraska, GOODLATTE, and BISHOP of Utah changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. JAYAPAL, Messrs. KRISHNAMOORTHI, HIGGINS of New York, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Messrs. CICILLINE, RUSH, Mrs. NAPOLITANO, and Ms. PELOSI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 230, noes 168, not voting 30, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—168 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barletta Black Cheney Ellison Garrett Hanabusa Harper Hoyer Huizenga Issa Jones Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Lofgren Lowey Marchant McEachin Moore Moulton Nolan Perlmutter Rooney, Thomas J. Sewell (AL) Simpson Speier Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Walz Waters, Maxine b1059 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding missed votes due to meeting with a constituent. Had I been present for rollcall vote No. 328, H.R. 50 Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, for personal reasons, I was unable to vote this morning. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 327, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 328. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
REPORT ON H. CON. RES. 128, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. WOMACK, from the Committee on the Budget, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–816) on the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 128) establishing the budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JULY 13, 2018, TO MONDAY, JULY 16, 2018 Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 16, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. 
HONORING PENSKE RACING/WILL POWER (Mr. BUDD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Mooresville, North Carolina’s own, the Penske racing team, as they recently added yet another big win to their legendary trophy case and brought home the 2018 Indianapolis 500. North Carolina is proud of the whole team, Mr. Speaker, but I want to specifically recognize Will Power who was behind the wheel when they took home the win. I also want to recognize team owner, Roger Penske, who, with this latest win, can claim his 17th victory at the speedway. Iredell County and the entire State of North Carolina is proud of the 32 national championships, including 15 in IndyCar, specifically coming from the Penske team. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent a group whose leadership, determination, and drive brings so much pride to our area. I am also glad they choose this part of North Carolina to call home, and I look forward to their bringing even more trophies back to our area in the coming years. 
INSULTING BEHAVIOR IS UNBECOMING (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I come from the fourth largest city in the Nation, soon, I hope, to be the third. We take great pride in the number of consular offices that we have and the languages that we speak. I particularly sought to engage in international affairs by participating with international organizations that engage the European Union as well as the OSCE. There are individuals in Houston from France, from England, from Italy, from Bulgaria, and many places in and around Europe, Western and Eastern. So the behavior that I watched over the last couple of days with the assault on NATO by our Commander in Chief is, frankly, embarrassing. America stands as a bastion of democracy and freedom, and the world looks to us. Insults are not becoming of the American people. Insults to heads of state are not becoming to the American people. Frankly, I am against Brexit. I think it is the wrong thing to do. I think Europe should be a unified group of individuals supporting democracy and standing tall. But it is outrageous that our representative engaged in NATO, as well as interacting with our foreign leaders, would, one, have a dastardly and rude commentary in the Sun Times insulting our news media, such as CNN. And then, frankly, going on to one of our worst adversaries, a person who has poisoned people on foreign land, who has jailed journalists, who has shot down airplanes, and now Vladimir Putin will be giving our President a performance review. That is not the American way. Shape up. Shape up, Mr. President. f 
APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to commend the House Appropriations Committee for passing 11 of the 12 appropriations bills out of committee. All the bills except Homeland Security have passed committee. Here on the House floor we have passed four of those appropriations bills. The Senate has passed three. This is what we call regular order, and it is very important to the political process that every Member of Congress in this Chamber and the Senate have a chance to offer amendments, be heard, and speak. Both parties have agreed to this. We need to get all the bills through the House and appoint the conference committees. Those conference committees are where you reconcile the differences. We have fallen away from this here in this Chamber in the past few years. It is about time we got back to the regular appropriations process. I want to keep the positive momentum going and commend us for passing those bills. Let’s get that Defense bill passed and fund our troops the way that the American people deserve. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF CATHOLIC BISHOP RICHARD GARCIA (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I recognize today the life of Catholic Bishop Richard Garcia who recently passed at the age of 71. Although his loss was after a very short battle with Alzheimer’s, Bishop Garcia lived a long life filled with God and God’s children. His parents were immigrants from Mexico who wanted to give their children a better life. That American Dream was fulfilled when Bishop Garcia became a priest in 1973, and, fortunately for me and my constituents, in 2006 he was then named the bishop for the Monterey Diocese. When Bishop Garcia would see you, he would grab you, he would hug you, and he wouldn’t look through you, but he would look at you. It was at that point that you would feel his love and his divine spirit for every man. Bishop Garcia welcomed everyone who entered his church, but also those who entered this country. He didn’t care just about people, but also the future of this planet. A quote by another eminent priest from the central coast of California, Saint Junipero Serra, was: ‘‘Always to go forward and never to turn back.’’ As we look back on the life of Richard Garcia, we know that his spirit, his love, and his guidance provides us with the divinity to always go forward. f 
b1115 HONORING THE LIFE OF BRENNAN STEWART (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Madam Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Brennan Stewart. Brennan attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. He was an aspiring country musician who loved to sing while he played his guitar. He enjoyed hunting; taking trips to his family’s cabin in Moab, Utah; and watching his favorite teams, the Atlanta Braves and the San Francisco 49ers. He loved riding dirt bikes and is remembered as being the life of the party. Brennan would always put others before himself. He died at the Route 91 festival while he was shielding his girlfriend from gunfire and helping others to safety. He is also remembered as a man who could give anyone the shirt off his back and for being a genuine man. I would like to extend my condolences to Brennan Stewart’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF RANDY WILSON (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor Randy Wilson, the managing editor of the Arizona Daily Sun, who passed away unexpectedly last week. Randy’s love for his job was evident, and he was a shining example of journalistic integrity and fairness. His life went far beyond producing a fine newspaper that serves thousands of Arizonans. He was also fully committed to giving back to his community. In addition to leading the annual New Year’s Day Polar Plunge and the Flagstaff Four on the Fourth race, he was active in his church, explored northern Arizona’s trails and parks, and played a major role in the Daily Sun’s citizen and organization of the year initiatives. Randy’s legacy will live on, thanks to his enduring commitment to his community, his State, and his paper. My heart goes out to his wife, Lindsay; his daughter, Caroline; his fellow journalists; and his loved ones. 
HONORING HENRY WHEELER ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, Mr. Henry Wheeler, who will be celebrating his 100th birthday on Sunday. Henry was born and grew up in Buffalo, New York, in the midst of the Great Depression. He met and married his wife, Betty, just before leaving to serve his country in World War II. During the war, Henry served as an intelligence specialist in a number of major campaigns in Europe. In one instance, he was captured and held captive by the Germans as he gave blood to a fellow officer. He was released after the Allies’ victory in the Battle of the Bulge. As the Nazis surrendered, Henry was part of cleanup operations at Buchenwald, seeing firsthand the evidence of the Holocaust. For his service, he was awarded both the Bronze Star and the EuropeanAfricanMiddle Eastern Service Medal. After the war, Henry returned home and cofounded Service Systems Corporation, which became a conglomerate of specialized service companies, employing approximately 5,000 people nationwide. In 1967, he moved to Fort Lauderdale with Betty and their five sons. He has always paid his success forward, making substantial charitable contributions to various causes. But in a testament to his character, he always made those donations anonymously. Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Henry Wheeler and thanking him for his contributions to our country and south Florida. Happy birthday, Henry. 
COMMENDING THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Madam Speaker, I want to commend our United States Department of Justice for reopening the Emmet Till murder case. Emmet Till was a young man who was brutally murdered in Mississippi in 1955. The case that was brought to trial in Mississippi charged two White men who were identified by a Black one, one of Mr. Till’s 14yearold relatives. The allWhite jury found them not guilty. Both men, looking back afterwards, said they did it, and nothing happened. There have been lots of investigations about this, lots of reports, and the Justice Department has seized some ‘‘new evidence’’ to reopen the case. I commend our Justice Department. While justice delayed is justice denied, justice, whenever it can be found in these civil rights cases, is appropriate and proper. I thank the Department of Justice. f 
ORANGE COUNTY LIBRARY SYSTEM—NATIONAL MEDAL FOR MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICE (Mr. SOTO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Madam Speaker, on behalf of our central Florida community, I am proud to recognize the Orange County Library System for being the recipient of the Nation’s 2018 National Medal for Museum and Library Service. The Orange County Library System was selected from 29 national finalists to receive this prestigious medal. This is the highest honor given to libraries that make exceptional contributions to their communities through dynamic programming and services. It is a tremendous win for our community. Orange County Library is bringing positive change to central Florida, and they are specifically being recognized for their work providing access to STEM education for children living in underserved communities, providing ESOL classes for adults and families, and their commitment to providing access to highquality educational tools for children in Orange County’s public school system. I would like to recognize Mary Anne Hodel, Orange County Library System Library director and CEO, and Lisa Franchina, president of the library board of trustees, for their leadership and inspirational work; Erin Sullivan, Orange County Library System’s public relations administrator, for taking the initiative of recognizing the great work of OCLS; and all the dedicated staff and volunteers of the library for their work in helping residents of central Florida to foster personal growth and development. 
EUROPE SHOULD PAY THEIR FAIR SHARE FOR NATO (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, ‘‘This is no NATO for deadbeats,’’ to quote Wesley Pruden of The Washington Times. Some of our NATO allies are beside themselves over President Trump’s calling out our NATO friends for not helping pick up the tab of 2 percent in military spending. As a member of the U.S. NATO Parliamentary Assembly, I have been befuddled for years how some of the countries make excuses for not paying their committed share of NATO defense—defense against the Napoleon of Siberia, Putin. Our everproper European friends may not remember that American teenagers went to war and shed blood two times in the last century to help save Europe. Well, Madam Speaker, Americans have not forgotten the American sacrifice in those lands over there. It is time for all NATO countries to be as concerned about European defense as America is. If President Trump’s comments irked the sensibilities of our allies, well, they should just get the message. It is time for NATO to buck it up and keep their word and help pay for our common defense. And that is just the way it is. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. JONES (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of medical reasons. 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 12, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 5956. To incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes. H.R. 2122. To reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam. H.R. 2292. To extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam. H.R. 447. To extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. H.R. 951. To extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. H.R. 220. To authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other purposes. H.R. 446. To extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. H.R. 219. To correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. H.R. 4722. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3183. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. H.R. 1496. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’. H.R. 4646. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2673. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’. H.R. 4301. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4406. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 
Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4685. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4574. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4463. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4840. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 23 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 16, 2018, at noon for morninghour debate. 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the following Member executed the oath for access to classified information: 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOMACK: Committee on the Budget. House Concurrent Resolution 128. Resolution establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028 (Rept. 115–816). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4032. A bill to confirm undocumented Federal rightsofway or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–817). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6365. A bill to establish the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo Land GrantMerced Claims Commission and other Federal policies for the restoration of land for hardships resulting from the incomplete and inequitable implementation of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, to affirm Land GrantMerced property rights protected by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 6366. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to carry out a pilot program for the prevention and mitigation of acts of terrorism using motor vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6367. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to specify what credit is given for certain subcontractors and to provide a dispute process for nonpayment to subcontractors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6368. A bill to encourage R&D small business setasides, to encourage SBIR and STTR participants to serve as mentors under the Small Business Administration’s mentorprotege program, to promote the use of interagency contracts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself and Mr. SCHNEIDER ): H.R. 6369. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to eliminate the inclusion of option years in the award price for sole source contracts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Ms. KAPTUR ): H.R. 6370. A bill to provide that certain bad faith communications in connection with the assertion of a United States patent are unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6371. A bill to ensure that Medicaid beneficiaries have the opportunity to receive care in a home and communitybased setting; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Mr. RUIZ, and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H.R. 6372. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services issue regulations to ensure due process rights for physicians furnishing emergency medical services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6373. A bill to make supplemental appropriations to provide additional funds to Americorps for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. PERRY (for himself and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 6374. A bill to require the Department of Homeland Security to streamline Federal contractor fitness determinations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. SWALWELL of California): H.R. 6375. A bill to establish the SelectUSA program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6376. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for certain reforms to disciplinary procedures applicable to members of the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6365. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 (the Necessary and Proper Clause) which gives Congress the power make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 6366. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: section 8 of article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 6367. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6368. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitution, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power  To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitution, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power  To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 6369. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 6370. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The authority granted to Congress to regulate patent and intellectual property law is derived from Article I, Section 8, clause 8 of the Constitution, providing the legislature with the power to ‘‘promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ Further, the Necessary and Proper Clause found in Article I, Section 8, clause 18, provides Congress with the power to ‘‘make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6371. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 6372. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the United States Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6373. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 6374. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution authorizes the Congress to enact laws providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. This legislation implements uniform fitness standards to ensure contract employees hired by the Department of Homeland Security posses the requisite character and qualifications to defend the country. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6375. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 6376. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 120: Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 173: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 184: Mr. BACON . H.R. 233: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 444: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 846: Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 930: Mr. CURTIS , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. ROUZER , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 983: Mr. GOSAR and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 1300: Mr. WALZand Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 1409: Mr. NORMAN and Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1734: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 1772: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 1881: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. M ITCHELL , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 2267: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 2748: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 2871: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3032: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 3458: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4202: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 4234: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 4476: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 4737: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 5004: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 5153: Mr. TURNER and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5222: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 5233: Mr. CUMMINGS and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 5343: Mr. GIBBS and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 5356: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 5385: Mr. KHANNA , Mr. B YRNE , and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 5472: Mr. BISHOP of Utah and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 5521: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 5759: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 5864: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5922: Mr. COOK. H.R. 5963: Mr. BACON and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 5988: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 6014: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 6031: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 6071: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6121: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 6156: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 6274: Mr. SOTOand Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 6277: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 6318: Mr. BABIN, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. GAETZ , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 6337: Mr. LAHOOD and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . H.R. 6344: Mr. CRAMER , Mr. G IANFORTE , and Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6345: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 6346: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6349: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 6364: Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. GIANFORTE . H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. MENGand Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. MASSIE . H. Res. 673: Mr. RUSSELL . H. Res. 757: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. LIPINSKI . H. Res. 826: Mr. COOK. H. Res. 869: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H. Res. 910: Mr. LIPINSKI . H. Res. 990: Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added her name to the following discharge petition: 
Petition 11 by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873: Mrs. Beatty. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Benjamin Allen Bartels of Pella, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Benjamin is a member of Boy Scout Troop No. 373 in Pella, IA and Mid Iowa Council in Des Moines, IA. He is also a freshman at Pella High School. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performancebased achievement with high standards that have been wellmaintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Benjamin’s Eagle Scout Project included the planning, organizing, procuring of materials, and construction of a GaGa ball pit in Caldwell Park in Pella. The work ethic Benjamin has shown in his Eagle Project, and every other project leading to his Eagle Scout rank, speaks volumes of his commitment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and perseverance. I am honored to represent Benjamin and his family In the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on obtaining the rank of Eagle Scout, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. Turner F. Gassaway, Jr., who passed away in June at the age of 97. Mr. Gassaway was raised on his family’s farm in Elm Mott, Texas. He enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps during World War II. As a First Lieutenant, Gassaway flew 35 combat missions in a B–17 as part of the 388th Bombardment Group of the 8th Air Force based in southeast England. For his meritorious military service, Gassaway was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Air Medal with four Oak Leaf Clusters, and the European, African and Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with five Bronze Battle Stars. Upon returning home, Mr. Gassaway began attending the University of Colorado at Boulder before transferring to the University of Texas at Austin. During his time at UT Austin, he pitched for the Longhorns. He received his degree from the University of Texas at Austin College of Pharmacy. In 1951, Gassaway moved to Denton where he owned and operated Gassaway Pharmacy and Apothecary for more than 30 years. As a longtime business owner and pharmacist, Mr. Turner F. Gassaway, Jr. demonstrated his commitment to Denton and the wellbeing of his fellow citizens throughout his life. I am grateful for his service to our country and the North Texas community, and I offer my condolences to his family and loved ones. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Coleen and Buzz Kinnick of Bayard, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 23, 2018. Coleen and Buzz’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
INTRODUCTION OF THE PROMOTING NATIONAL SERVICE AND REDUCING UNEMPLOYMENT ACT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Promoting National Service and Reducing Unemployment Act to address one ofthe greatest workforce tragedies resulting from today’s economy—our unemployed young people—to spur economic growth and to alleviate strain on state and local governments. This tragedy is not only harming our young people, but it is also costing our government billions of dollars each year through lost tax revenue and other costs. Unemployment has reached a relative low of 3.8 percent, but my bill targets the almost two million young people who have not had a fair chance to ever use their high school and college education, which this nation has strongly urged them to obtain. What is particularly disappointing is the high unemployment rate for young people who heeded our advice to graduate from high school and college. The total unemployment rate is currently 9.1 percent for young adults ages 18 to 24, and hundreds of thousands now compete for unpaid internships wherever they can find them. By significantly expanding AmeriCorps, my bill would need no new administrative structure or bureaucracy and would allow unemployed young people to earn a stipend, obtain work experience and develop a good work history to help them secure future employment. The net cost of the expansion would be low because these young people would be providing urgently needed local services that are being eliminated or curtailed because of state and local budget cuts, such as afterschool programs, tutoring and assistance for the elderly. The bill would significantly expand job opportunities for young people who have done everything possible to enter fully into the job market, but, despite their best efforts, remain unemployed in this economy. Participants receive a living allowance and are also eligible for an education award equal to the value of a Pell grant, schoolloan forbearance, health care benefits and child care assistance. By expanding the AmeriCorps program, we would reduce the number of unemployed young people, provide them with work skills and experience and help cashstrapped state and local governments provide services that they would otherwise have to cut. For some time, it has been clear that policies to address the most stubborn forms of unemployment need to be targeted in order to be effective. Without significant targeting, young graduates will continue to face their first years as adults without jobs and with no way to acquire necessary work experience. They deserve better. I ask my colleagues to support this urgently needed, targeted assistance for young, unemployed Americans. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Karen and Perry McCallan of Glenwood, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Karen and Perry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, seventy seven years ago this week the Allied forces made a decisive discovery in their war against the fascist Nazi regime. Throughout the early part of the war, Hitler had the Allies on the defensive. He marched his armies all the way to British Channel, conquering country after country. Using the Enigma machine—widely considered completely unbreakable—the Nazis secretly transmitted messages about military operations across the continent and to every front of the war. But on July 9, 1941, after years of tireless effort, the Allies finally cracked the code. They began intercepting German communications with increasing frequency, marking a turning point in the war. The Allies could now avoid enemy traps, prepare for invasions, and attack weakspots in Nazi lines. So today, Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize those who dedicated themselves to breaking he Enigma code, including the brilliant British mathematician Alan Turing. I would also thank the Allied Military including the U.S. Navy for capturing these Enigma Machines so the code could be broken. These men and women saved countless Allied lives and helped free Europe and protect the world. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Jane and Russ Henry of Winterset, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Their lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. IN RECOGNITION OF CHIEF LEE HOWELL HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the public service of Police Chief Lee Howell and thank him for his service to the greater Denton Community. Chief Howell has led the Denton Police Department since 2011. However, his service to Denton extends throughout his 37year law enforcement career. Chief Howell has fostered goodwill and civility between the Denton Police Department and local political and civic groups, elected officials, and the public. As our region grows, he has helped the police department expand to meet new needs. During his tenure, Chief Howell has been responsible for enforcing the law, keeping the peace, and maintaining the safety of citizens. He has overseen the biannual Denton Police Academy that produced trained officers who now serve throughout the North Texas region. It is my great privilege to recognize Chief Howell for his service, leadership, and commitment to excellence. Chief Howell’s expertise and leadership will be missed by the greater Denton community. On behalf of the 26th District, I congratulate him as he starts a new leadership role as Chief of Police in Saginaw, Texas. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Patricia and Kenneth Wright of Underwood, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 14, 1958. Patricia and Kenneth’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
CELEBRATING THE BICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE VILLAGE OF ESPERANCE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the bicentennial anniversary of the founding of the Village of Esperance, New York and to recognize two hundred years of faithful and distinguished service by the Esperance Volunteer Fire Department. For two hundred years, the Village of Esperance has contributed to the American story, weaving together a diverse community, cultivating a strong civil society, and fostering a resilient fire department. Situated on the north bank of the Schoharie Creek, Esperance is the oldest incorporated village in Schoharie county, and the fifth oldest incorporated Village in New York State. Formerly known as ‘‘State Bridge’’ when it was originally settled in the late 18th century, the settlement consisted only of three cabins surrounded by dense forest land. Hermanus Ten Eyck received the land grant in 1739, and allocated about sixty acres of land to be sold as building lots. Mr. Ten Eyck became disappointed by the slow sale of the lots, and eventually sold his land holdings to Gen. William North—a general in the Revolutionary War, U.S. Senator, and Member and Speaker of the New York State Assembly—in 1806. It was Gen. North’s daughter that suggested the name ‘‘Esperance’’ for the village. The name ‘‘Esperance,’’ which translates to ‘‘hope’’ in French, truly describes the common thread that runs through its history. Hope has persisted through the nascent years of Esperance’s existence, the tribulations of depression and war, and the many great triumphs of American history. The strength and independence that continues to define this town are a result of roots that have grown strong these past two hundred years. Protecting the village and its treasures has been the job of the Esperance Volunteer Fire Department. For two centuries, brave volunteers from the community have put their lives on the line for their friends, neighbors, and fellow citizens. I commend them for their service and their sacrifice. Additionally, I would like to recognize the Department’s place in history as the owner of ‘‘Deluge No. 1,’’ the first fire engine owned by the village and the oldest fire engine in America. This bicentennial anniversary marks a great milestone in Esperance’s history, and serves as an important time for reflection. On behalf of the 19th Congressional District and the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to extend my deepest appreciation and congratulations to the Village of Esperance and to the firefighters who continue to protect it. As the residents celebrate its 200th birthday, I would like to commend them on the success of their small, vibrant community and wish Esperance continued prosperity in its next 200 years. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Doreen Knuth of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiving the 2018 Principal of the Year Award given by the Council Bluffs Community School District. Doreen is the principal at Carter Lake Elementary School in Carter Lake, Iowa. Doreen is a native of Council Bluffs and graduated from Abraham Lincoln High School. 
Doreen has been associated with the Council Bluffs Community School District for over 38 years. She has served as a teacher, administrator, and principal. Doreen earned a bachelor’s degree in education, a master’s degree in special education, and a master’s in education administration. Doreen said she knew she would become an educator because she liked being around children and helping them—caring for them in whatever way she could. Doreen said, ‘‘what I’ve enjoyed most is watching teachers grow professionally, watching teachers masterfully deliver lessons and engage children in their learning and watching children grow both academically and socially.’’ Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Doreen Knuth for receiving the 2018 Principal of the Year Award given by the Council Bluffs Community School District. Doreen is a shining example of how hard work and dedication can affect the future of students and their education goals. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Doreen and wishing her nothing but continued success in all her future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, due to personal reasons, I was unable to vote yesterday, July 12, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 322; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 323; ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 324; ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 325; and ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 326. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Joel Nelson of Council Bluffs, Iowa for receiving the 2018 Teacher of the Year Award given by the Council Bluffs Community School District. Joel is a math teacher at Abraham Lincoln High School in Council Bluffs. Joel is a native of Ida Grove, Iowa and earned his bachelor’s degree in education from the University of Northern Iowa. Joel began his career in education as a student teacher at Abraham Lincoln High School and has a distinguished career in teaching and helping students through challenging times in math. He said it was his desire to help other people who struggled with math that led him to become a math teacher—as well as his love of math. Joel keeps busy with other interests at school as a coach for eighthgrade football, assistant tennis coach, basketball scorekeeper, class sponsor, site supervisor for activities, prom planner, and graduation coordinator. He is an inspiration and role model for students and teachers by his actions every day at school. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Joel Nelson for receiving the Teacher of the Year Award from the Council Bluffs Community School District. Joel is a shining example of how hard work and dedication can affect the future of students and their education goals. I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratulating Joel and wishing him nothing but continued success in all his future endeavors. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the service of Lieutenant Colonel Clinton ‘‘Clint’’ Seybold as Commander of the American Samoa Detachment upon the occasion of the Change of Command Ceremony. In American Samoa, our men and women of the Armed Forces are very important to us. The people of our islands take great pride in being patriotic Americans and our people are known for a high rate of service in our military. In particular, our U.S. Army recruiting center ranks number one in the nation in enlistment rate. Lieutenant Colonel Seybold has deployed in numerous postings from Kentucky to Korea, and in 2015, assumed Command of the American Samoa Detachment, Theater Support Group, 9th Mission Support Command, Tafuna, American Samoa. He has an extensive list of military awards and decorations, and is a graduate of the prestigious Virginia Military Institute with a Bachelor of Arts in History. He also graduated U.S. Army Airborne School, Ranger School and Air Assault School, followed by a Master of Arts in U.S. History from Eastern Illinois University. In honoring this one outstanding officer today, we also express our deep appreciation to all who serve, including the many in uniform from American Samoa serving with distinction all over the world. In American Samoa, we’ve come to appreciate Clint as one of our own. Congratulations to Lieutenant Colonel Seybold, on his next role and the great future ahead of him. I thank him and his wife, Wendy, for his service and his time on our beautiful Islands. God bless and Soifua. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Barb and Darwin Snook of Grand River, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary on July 6, 2018. They were married at the United Methodist Church in Earlham in 1968. Barb and Darwin’s lifelong commitment to each other, their two children and four grandchildren truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Barb and Darwin Snook on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 13, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Diane and Dale Conn of Mount Ayr, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary on June 15, 2018. They were married in the First Lutheran Church in Mount Ayr in 1968. Diane and Dale’s lifelong commitment to each other, their three children and seven grandchildren truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Diane and Dale Conn on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 16, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 public bills, H.R. 6365–6376, were introduced. 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Con. Res. 128, establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028 (H. Rept. 115–816); and H.R. 4032, to confirm undocumented Federal rightsofway or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–817). 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mitchell to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Dr. Steven W. Schenewerk, Community Baptist Church, Winston, Oregon. 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act: The House passed H.R. 50, to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, by a recorded vote of 230 ayes to 168 noes, Roll No. 328.                                Pages H6179–91 
Rejected the Beatty motion to recommit bill to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea andnay vote of 180 yeas to 219 nays, Roll No. 327. 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment recommended by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole.
Agreed to: Raskin amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–812) that requires a record of any consultation with any nonFederal party and any comments submitted by any nonFederal party to be posted on the agency website within five days after the consultation or date of submission.
Rejected: Watson Coleman amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–812) that sought to strike Section 5, which repeals the exclusion of independent agencies from reporting requirements; and
Connolly amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–812) that sought to provide for a sunset of amendments made to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and the Congressional Budget Act if GDP growth fails to increase at average annual rate of five percent or more.
H. Res. 985, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 50) and (H.R. 3281) was agreed to Wednesday, July 11th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet 
at 12 noon on Monday, July 16th for Morning Hour debate.
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yeaandnay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6190–91 and H6191. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 11:23 a.m. 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JULY 16, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6147, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Interior, Environment, Financial Services, and General Government Appropriations Act, 2019], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 16 
Program for Monday: Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, July 16 
HOUSE Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1099, E1100 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1100 Moulton, Seth, Mass., E1101 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1099 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1100 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American Samoa, E1101 Young, David, Iowa, E1099, E1099, E1099, E1100, E1100, E1100, E1101, E1101, E1101 