Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, I rise today to highlight the Louisiana National Guard Youth Challenge Program, a wonderful program that is changing young people’s lives and making Louisiana a better place. Youth Challenge accepts highrisk students 16 to 18 years of age, and offers them the education, training, and emotional support they need to finish their high school equivalency requirements, and gives them the life skills that they need to be productive adults. These students face challenges completing their education in traditional classroom settings. Some come from troubled homes, some are victims of severe bullying, some have their own discipline and anger issues, some have fallen so far behind in the coursework that they feel they cannot finish, and some have already dropped out of high school. Youth Challenge offers them the second chance that they need to get back on the path to success. The Youth Challenge Program lasts 17 months, 5 months of which are at residential sites. We have three camps in Louisiana: Camp Minden near Shreveport, Camp Beauregard in central Louisiana, and the Gillis Long Center near Baton Rouge. While there, students learn from the structure and discipline offered by the military. They drill early in the morning and pursue coursework and job training in the afternoon. They also learn life skills and hear from motivational speakers and antisubstance abuse experts. I recently had the privilege of speaking at a graduation ceremony in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and there are fewer things that are more inspiring than seeing the faces of these young people who have worked hard to turn their lives around and successfully complete the program. Youth Challenge students also give back to the community. They complete at least 40 hours of community service that usually is focused on helping veterans, working with children, and volunteering with Special Olympics. While Youth Challenge Programs exist in States across the Nation, none has been more successful than in Louisiana. According to the Louisiana National Guard, more than 1,400 students graduate per year, which is more than any other State, and 83 percent of these pass the GED, which is the highest rate in the Nation. After completing the program, graduates can continue their education, join the military, or get fulltime employment. Many businesses in Louisiana recognize the value of these hardworking students and actively seek to employ them. The Youth Challenge Program relies largely on Federal support, and it is an endeavor we in Congress should all support. Youth Challenge is also asking Congress to consider pilot programs aimed specifically at job training and apprenticeship programs. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I look forward to discussing this request with my colleagues as we consider the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. In conclusion, I want to thank the Louisiana National Guard instructors who give so much of themselves to this program and make it a wonderful success. It is because of their dedication that these students do have a second chance to succeed and become thriving, productive adult members of our society. Madam Speaker, I look forward to seeing where the future of this program goes and the lives it has yet to change. f 
RECOGNIZING KANSAS STATE UNIVERSITY’S KANSAS WHEAT INNOVATION CENTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to highlight my alma mater, Kansas State University, and the Kansas Wheat Innovation Center, which I had the honor and the pleasure of touring over this Easter work period. This 
center works to strengthen the productivity of farmers both in Kansas and around the world. The Wheat Innovation Center is the result of a publicprivate partnership. It was built in 2011 by the Kansas Wheat Commission, a growerfunded organization that promotes Kansas wheat through increased international trade and research. The innovation center now encompasses 15,000 square feet of advanced plant breeding space and 20,000 square feet of greenhouse space dedicated to advancing wheat genetics. In addition to the innovative center, Kansas State is also home to four Feed the Future labs, the most of any university in the country. Feed the Future labs are funded by USAID and are focused on supporting research and landgrant universities to grow the agricultural production of target countries. Much of that research is tasked with improving the resilience and adaption of crops in arid climates, a climate not unlike that of Kansas. As the global population rises to 8 billion people by 2030, the technology developed by partnerships like the one in the Kansas Wheat Innovation Center will only become more essential. We must continue to be proactive in the fight to end global hunger by pooling resources to strengthen agriculture for developing countries abroad and our own Kansas farmers at home. The collaboration and leadership shown by Kansas Wheat, Kansas State University, and the Feed the Future innovation labs is a blueprint for finding solutions to feeding our growing world and improving the global food system. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, rural America is poised to reignite into an economic powerhouse, but its low population density and wideopen spaces have proven difficult for some businesses to operate, given its often outdated infrastructure. Without Federal incentives to help bridge the financial gap, many rural American businesses struggle to access the same services as their urban counterparts at comparable prices. This Congress recently made a more than $21 billion downpayment to improving our country’s aging infrastructure. While back in Kansas, I had the opportunity to sit down with a number of industry and community leaders from across the State to discuss how these investments will benefit our schools, businesses, and farmers. From broadband deployment to highway and railway maintenance, community leaders could not stress enough the importance that this funding will have for economic development. Improving our infrastructure, highways, and railways will allow easier movement of Kansas agriculture and aeronautical products to ports for export. With broadband expansion, our rural students will have the resources they need to compete with students across the country when they apply to the college of their choice. It will allow farmers and ranchers to better monitor equipment and utilize new technologies for precision agriculture and provide businesses access to new markets for their products. All in all, I cannot stress enough how encouraged my constituents are because of our latest promise to invest in our country and our infrastructure initiatives. This funding will truly help rural America thrive, and I look forward to continued discussions on this here in D.C., as well as back home. f 
WELCOMING THE NATIONAL GROCERS ASSOCIATION TO WASHINGTON, D.C. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today to welcome the National Grocers Association to Washington, D.C., this week for their annual flyin. Our grocers have a tremendous impact on our communities throughout the country. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania alone, food retailers provide more than 220,000 jobs, have an output of $15 billion, and a total economic impact of $39 billion. As the House Agriculture Committee continues to move forward with the farm bill, it will be important to our grocers, who provide food to American families. Over the past 3 years, the Agriculture Committee has hosted 21 hearings on the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, SNAP, and has heard from more than 80 witnesses. SNAP and other Federal nutrition programs are vital to ensuring that all Americans have healthy foods within reach, whether low income populations, the elderly, or those living in areas with strained access to nutritious food. We will continue to identify ways to work alongside State and local organizations to help provide safe and nutritious food for those who need it most. One of my primary goals with SNAP is to ensure that those who truly need the assistance when falling on hard times continue to have access to this critical program. Limited access to supermarkets and grocery stores with nutritious fresh foods can be a challenge in both rural and urban communities. We know them as food deserts. According to USDA, to qualify as a lowaccess community, at least 500 people and/or at least 33 percent of the population must reside more than 1 mile from a supermarket or large grocery store. For rural areas, the distance is more than 10 miles. I know from personal experience the value of Federal assistance, particularly WIC, when times do get tough. I have also seen the value of obtaining an education and ultimately finding a career path. Unfortunately, too many Americans at the poverty level are caught in a cycle. We want to change that cycle by providing a workforce solution and necessary supports, walking with individuals on their pathway to selfreliance and success. The House farm bill makes a significant, even historical, investment in SNAP employment and training to equip States with resources to arm participants with the soft skills, the job search skills, certifications, and education needed to succeed in today’s economy. But to ensure this investment yields results, we are also making these work requirements mandatory. We have a unique opportunity to expand funding for these lifechanging programs by closing loopholes only utilized by certain States, and improving opportunities for individuals who have been marginalized by a lack of employment, education, or life circumstances. For nearly 80 percent of the SNAP recipients—children, seniors, and the disabled—these requirements won’t change anything. For those who rely on SNAP and will continue to do so, we want to ensure that they have access to the array of foods that benefit their health and their wellbeing. Our bill allows retailers to expand the purchasing power of recipients via incentive programs, and we are also expanding or enhancing current incentive and nutrition education programs to improve diet quality and awareness. We want to emphasize the importance of consumer choice and the impact SNAP has on our communities and families. Madam Speaker, I appreciate having our Nation’s grocers in town today, and I look forward to continuing the Agriculture Committee’s good work on the next farm bill. After all, farmers feed and nutrition matters. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER Reverend Sam Smucker, Worship Center, Lancaster, Pennsylvania, offered the following prayer: Our Heavenly Father, thank You for Your goodness to our Nation, giving us 
many blessings and freedoms we experience. We have many challenges in our Nation. We need a moral and spiritual renewal to meet those challenges. We ask for Your protection over our lives, our families, our communities, and schools. We pray we would be able to live peacefully, marked by godliness and dignity. ‘‘Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord.’’ We pray that You would fill the men and women in this Chamber with Your wisdom as they consider the business at hand. We pray that the decisions that are made would be for the good of our Nation. We pray You would give them courage to work together to make decisions that make our Nation strong and honorable to You. Father, I thank You for the service of these men and women. In Jesus’ name, amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SMUCKER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND SAM SMUCKER The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure today to welcome the guest chaplain to the House floor. He is a leader in our community in Pennsylvania’s 16th District, as well as my oldest brother. Mr. Speaker, five other brothers of ours are in the gallery with us here today on what I learned was a very appropriate day, as this is National Siblings Day. I am so very pleased to host my brothers, who are enjoying the sites here in Washington, D.C. Mr. Speaker, we have five sisters as well, but I guess that will be another day. My oldest brother, Sam, was born into an Amish home and was really used by God. Sam leads a congregation called the Worship Center in Lancaster County. They have 4,000 members. He also leads a ministers’ fellowship impacting 100 other fellowships, and has traveled to 40 countries in missionary endeavors across the world. Mr. Speaker, we are proud of Sam. He has had an impact not only on our community, but across the world as well, and certainly is a spiritual leader for our family, and we welcome him here today. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, I have joined many of our colleagues to rise in honor of Dr. Billy Graham. Today, I rise in honor of one of the quiet heroes who helped make his worldwide ministry possible. Ms. Stephanie Wills served as Billy Graham’s secretary—she always refused fancier titles—for over 45 years, traveling the world to help Dr. Graham at each crusade and at countless meetings. My first conversations with Stephanie were in the early 1970s, when I served for 10 years as the assistant to Dr. Bill Bright, the founder of Campus Crusade for Christ. It was a blessing to see Stephanie at Dr. Graham’s funeral, as she was still faithfully serving him. Stephanie is legendary. She is highly competent, fiercely loyal, and unflappable. I have said several times that Dr. Graham was a great man because he was faithful to the mission that God had given to him. The same can be said of Stephanie Wills. She has been a faithful servant of Jesus Christ, playing a quiet yet enormous role in sharing the Gospel around the world through her dedicated and tireless support of God’s servant, Dr. Billy Graham. Well done, Stephanie, a wonderful servant of God. f 
MANUFACTURING IS STILL KEY TO OUR NATION’S FUTURE PROSPERITY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, in Illinois’ 10th District, one doesn’t have to look far to see America’s strength in advanced 21st century manufacturing. In fact, my district has the fourth highest concentration of manufacturing jobs of any district in the Nation. Manufacturing is still key to our Nation’s future prosperity because it creates a multiplier effect that generates economic growth and jobs throughout our economy. Last week, I visited 12 local manufacturers as part of my Made in Illinois 10 Tour. I had three key takeaways from my visit: First, innovation is alive and well in Illinois 10. I saw new applications and design, additive manufacturing, robotics, and more. And at every turn, innovation is creating new, quality, well paying jobs. Second, we have to close the skills gap. We need more teachers, parents, and especially young, smart talented people to recognize that working in manufacturing can be a stimulating and rewarding career. Third, when the global market is a fair and level playing field, American companies not only can compete, we can win and we can prosper. We need to hold bad actors like China accountable. The President’s shoot fromthehip actions risk sparking a destructive cycle of retaliatory tariffs. The companies I visited are worried about that and, indeed, are already feeling the impact of a prospective trade war. Mr. Speaker, I was encouraged by the ingenuity and drive of our local manufacturers, and I remain committed to supporting this crucial sector of our economy. 
BUDGET DEFICIT WILL PASS $1 TRILLION WITHIN 2 YEARS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the CBO, released a report highlighting the fact that the budget deficit will pass $1 trillion within 2 years, thanks in large part to the massive tax cuts granted to the wealthiest Americans in the recently adopted Republican tax plan. $1 trillion. This tax plan is projected to itself add close to $2 trillion to the deficit over a decade. This reckless plan jeopardizes our economic recovery by taking away the 
ability for us to invest in those elements of our communities and society that will grow the economy. The very thought that we have a massive deficit in our public infrastructure, and that is nowhere on the table in the House, roads and bridges crumbling, water systems, like the water system of my hometown of Flint, failing, and continuing to pass on massive debt to our children and grandchildren is irresponsible and it ought to be reversed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:45 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ZELDIN ) at 5 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4921) to require the Surface Board of Transportation to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4921 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘STB Information Security Improvement Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Surface Transportation Board (in this section referred to as the ‘‘STB’’) shall develop a timeline and plan to implement the recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation in Report No. FI2018002, including improvements— (1) to identify controls, including risk management, weakness remediation, and security authorization; (2) to protect controls, including configuration management, user identity and access management, and security training; (3) to detect controls, including continuous monitoring; (4) to respond controls, including incident handling and reporting; (5) to recover controls for contingency planning; and (6) any additional tools that will improve the implementation of the recommendations. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the STB shall submit the plan and timeline developed under subsection (a) to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce of the Senate. (2) REPORT .—The STB shall report annually to such Committees on the progress on implementation of the recommendations until the implementation is complete. (3) PLAN IMPLEMENTATION .—The STB shall designate an individual to implement the plan developed under subsection (a). 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4921, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the STB Information Security Improvement Act requires the Surface Transportation Board to develop a timeline and plan to implement the recommendations and improvements outlined in its information security system. After a concerning report from the Department of Transportation inspector general that outlined deficiencies in the STB’s information security system, it is imperative that changes be made and there are improvements in that system rapidly. When the STB separated from DOT, Department of Transportation, in December 2015, the agency gained full responsibility and control of its IT system, and it currently lacks any meaningful or strong cybersecurity system. The improvements needed include basic building blocks, such as changes to policies and procedures. The STB is encumbered by a number of weaknesses, and its information security program has been determined by the OIG to be at a low level of maturity according to OMB standards. A summary of the bill is it requires the STB, the Surface Transportation Board, to create a timeline and plan to implement recommendations made by the DOT Office of Inspector General in their report. Additionally, it requires the Surface Transportation Board to annually update Congress on its progress until it has effectively been completed and updated. This bill ensures that the Surface Transportation Board addresses these deficiencies so the agency can reduce the risk of an attack or compromise to this critical information system. I believe this bill will improve the Surface Transportation Board’s information security and is a good piece of legislation and oversight. I again thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman DENHAM , and Mr. GOTTHEIMER for working with me on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, very briefly, this is a short bill, an easy bill. It simply tells the STB that they should do something about cybersecurity as directed by their own inspector general. It is a very simple bill. It is a bipartisan bill. It is something we should pass as quickly as we can. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the bipartisan nature of the bill. My colleague supported the bill, and Mr. GOTTHEIMER is a cosponsor. I urge my colleagues to join in supporting this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4921, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
FRA SAFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4925) to require the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration to implement certain recommendations for management and collection of railroad safety data. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4925 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FRA Safety Data Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR MANAGEMENT AND COLLECTION OF RAILROAD SAFETY DATA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall develop a plan, and a timeline to carry out such plan, to implement the recommendations from the Inspector General Report No. ST2017045 of the Department of Transportation, issued on May 3, 2017, to the greatest extent possible, to improve the Federal Railroad Administration’s management and collection of railroad safety data. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit the plan and timeline developed under subsection (a) to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (2) REPORT .—The Administrator shall report annually to the committees on the implementation of such plan until implementation is complete. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. CAPUANO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4925. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the FRA Safety Data Improvement Act requires the Federal Railroad Administration to develop a timeline and plan to implement improvements to its safety data collection and reporting system. Rail safety is critical to our Nation, and in order to ensure that regulations are rooted in accurate data, the FRA must make improvements to its data collection system. Safety data is important to railroad safety, and failures of that concern us. Effective safety data collection and reporting is critical to ensuring railroad safety. The Department of Transportation inspector general published a report outlining issues with the data collection and reporting for safety data. The report made a number of recommendations to standardizing certain procedures and implementing effective and uniform training programs. Additionally, the report recommends the FRA update its reporting guidance to clear up discrepancies in their reporting forms. In summary, the bill requires the FRA, the Federal Railroad Administration, to implement the recommendations from the DOT Office of Inspector General report. Additionally, it requires the FRA to develop a timeline and plan to implement the guidelines and recommendations. The bill ensures the FRA addresses these discrepancies by a report requiring FRA to annually update Congress on its progress until completion. I believe this bill will improve the safety of our railways. Rail safety is obviously critical to our Nation and our infrastructure; and to ensure that safety regulations are effective and clear, they must be updated. I again thank Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman DENHAM , and Mr. GOTTHEIMER for working with me, as well as my colleague, Mr. CAPUANO . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, this is a relatively easy bill and a bipartisan bill. It simply requires that the FRA train people when they report incidents of safety, that they report them in a uniform manner so that when somebody goes to look to see how many accidents there were or a certain type of accident, they can compare apples to apples instead of apples to oranges. It is kind of simple. It is a straightforward bill and, again, it is bipartisan. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER ), the author of this bill. Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for their leadership on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, working with me on a bipartisan basis on the FRA Safety Data Improvement Act. Additionally, I want to thank Congressman MITCHELL  for helping colead this important bill. In New Jersey, our rails and tunnels are literally crumbling. In a political environment, that is all too often polarized. Democrats and Republicans can certainly find common ground on our infrastructure being deficient, degrading, and incurring accidents that are becoming all too regular. The American Society of Civil Engineers gave America a Dplus infrastructure rating on their scorecard. New Jersey also received an overall D plus, with rail and transit in particularly bad shape. Bergen County, in my district, is the worst in the Northeast for railway crossing crashes. America’s infrastructure failure is leading to more and more accidents. In fact, recently, we have seen fatal Amtrak and New Jersey Transit crashes in Hoboken, New Jersey, Washington State, South Carolina, and West Virginia. We simply can’t afford to sit idly by, punting on this urgent need. We need infrastructure investment, but we also need to proactively improve our safety procedures and processes. We need to take on safety in this country. And for all we pay in taxes and tickets, both of which I think are far too high, we cannot play games with the safety of our families and children. From administration to administration, we can’t have inconsistencies or delays in implementing rail safety rules. I am proud to have led on this bipartisan bill to secure America’s rails with real safety provisions. The bipartisan FRA Safety Data Improvement Act improves and standardizes reporting and training around railway accidents on railroads like Amtrak and New Jersey Transit. By better standardizing reporting requirements, we can leverage big datasets to improve safety and make smarter decisions. It does so my implementing the DOT’s inspector general report and ensuring reporting to Congress on compliance. The IG found that the Federal Railroad Administration had taken some steps to improve data reporting, but it still lacks standardized reporting and training. This bill codifies steps suggested by the IG, providing more certainty in the safety of our rails. By allowing us to better leverage bill datasets—and the key here is putting big data to work—this bill will save lives. I urge support and passage of the FRA Safety Data Improvement Act. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill and the previous one we discussed reflect the bipartisan commitment to our Nation’s infrastructure and to a safe infrastructure. I appreciate my colleagues’ support in working jointly in bringing these bills forward. I urge my colleagues to join all of us in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4925. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUPPORTING RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS AND ENCOURAGING INCLUSIVE GOVERNANCE IN ETHIOPIA Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 128) supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 128 Whereas the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia has been an important partner of the United States and a regional leader in promoting economic growth, global health, and peace and security; 
Whereas Ethiopia has helped advance the national interests of the United States and regional partners, including through contributions to international peacekeeping, combating radical Islamist extremism and other forms of terrorism, and regional cooperation through the African Union; Whereas Ethiopia has made great strides in addressing significant challenges in global health, child survival, and food security; Whereas Ethiopia’s transition from authoritarian rule to participatory democracy has not kept pace with other reforms; Whereas the ruling Ethiopian Peoples’ Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) claimed to win 99.6 percent of the vote in elections that were deemed neither free nor fair in 2010 and all 546 parliamentary seats in 2015, thereby further consolidating the EPRDF’s single party rule; Whereas the Charities and Societies Proclamation and AntiTerrorism Proclamation, both enacted in 2009, have accelerated the contraction of democratic space, severely limited the practice of fundamental human rights, enabled abuses by security forces, and impeded efforts to promote accountability for such abuses in Ethiopia; Whereas government forces launched a violent crackdown on protests by ethnic Oromo and Amhara over their perceived marginalization in 2015, resulting in hundreds of deaths and tens of thousands of arrests; Whereas the Government of Ethiopia has recently released hundreds of political prisoners, but has continued to periodically detain government critics and opposition figures; Whereas the Government of Ethiopia has periodically imposed a state of emergency that even further restricts freedoms of assembly, association, and expression, including through blockage of mobile internet access and social media communication; Whereas the 2017 Department of State Country Report on Human Rights Practices for Ethiopia cited serious human rights violations, including arbitrary arrests, killings, and torture committed by security forces, restrictions on freedom of expression and freedom of association, politically motivated trials, harassment, and intimidation of opposition members and journalists; and Whereas these persistent human right abuses, including statesponsored violence against civilians in the Oromia, Amhara, and Somali regions of Ethiopia, as well as the abuse of laws to stifle journalistic freedoms, stand in direct contrast to democratic principles, violate the Constitution of Ethiopia, and undermine Ethiopia’s position as a regional leader for economic growth, peace, and security: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) recognizes and commends Ethiopia’s efforts to promote regional peace and security, including through the contribution of peacekeeping forces to regional and United Nations peacekeeping operations; (2) recognizes the importance of continued United States and Ethiopian partnership in combatting terrorism, promoting economic growth and opportunity, and addressing global health challenges; (3) notes with deep concern persistent reports of widespread human rights abuses and the contraction of democratic space in Ethiopia, which may threaten stability and reverse economic progress over the long term; (4) condemns the use of excessive force by Ethiopian security forces, including the killing of unarmed protesters, and the wrongful arrest and detention of journalists, students, activists, and political leaders exercising their constitutional rights to freedom of assembly, association, and expression; (5) recognizes and commends the recent peaceful and voluntary transfer of authority from Prime Minister Hailemariam to new Prime Minister Abiy and welcomes Prime Minister Abiy’s inaugural speech calling for open political competition and the defense of fundamental human rights; (6) calls on the Government of Ethiopia to— (A) lift the state of emergency; (B) repeal or amend proclamations used as a tool to suppress human rights in Ethiopia, including the Charities and Societies Proclamation and AntiTerrorism Proclamation of 2009, and respect the rights of Ethiopian citizens to freedom of assembly and expression, in keeping with Articles 30 and 29 of the Ethiopian Constitution; (C) end the use of excessive force by Ethiopian security forces and hold accountable those responsible for killing, torturing, or otherwise abusing the human rights of civilians exercising their constitutional rights through fair and public trials; (D) release all activists, journalists, and opposition figures who have been wrongfully imprisoned for exercising their constitutional rights, including those arrested for reporting about public protests; (E) improve transparency around development policies and activities that may infringe upon the human rights of local communities; and (F) allow for an independent examination of the state of human rights in Ethiopia by a rapporteur appointed by the United Nations; (7) urges protesters in Ethiopia to refrain from the use or incitement of violence in demonstrations; (8) urges opposition groups and the Government of Ethiopia to directly engage in peaceful discussions to air grievances and broaden political discourse; (9) calls on the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development— (A) to engage in a cooperative effort with the Government of Ethiopia in the formulation of a comprehensive strategy, in coordination with other donors, to help advance democracy, rule of law, human rights, economic growth, and peace and security in Ethiopia; (B) continue to strengthen ties with Ethiopia, including through the provision of appropriate levels and forms of security assistance, in correlation to the Ethiopian Government’s own demonstrated commitment to democracy, rule of law, human rights, economic growth, and peace and security in the region; (C) condemn human rights abuses and the excessive use of force by Ethiopian security forces while pressing for the release of individuals wrongfully detained; and (D) hold accountable individuals responsible for gross human rights violations in Ethiopia through appropriate mechanisms, which may include the imposition of targeted sanctions pursuant to the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (Public Law 114–328); and (10) stands by the people of Ethiopia and supports their peaceful efforts to increase democratic space and to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Ethiopian Constitution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 128, bipartisan legislation—we got about 114 Members, maybe as many as 118, a few came in right at the end—is a visible and necessary manifestation of deep congressional concern that egregious human rights abuses immediately end in Ethiopia and that fundamental human rights be promoted and protected for all. I would note parenthetically that, like others in this House, my commitment to promoting human rights in Ethiopia spans decades and includes country visits, chairing numerous congressional hearings and legislation, including the Ethiopia Freedom, Democracy, and Human Rights Advancement Act of 2006. The resolution before us today, Mr. Speaker, is balanced and recognizes the recent peaceful and voluntary transfer of power from Prime Minister Hailemariam to the new Prime Minister Abiy, and welcomes Prime Minister Abiy’s inaugural speech calling for open political competition and the defense of fundamental human rights. However, Prime Minister Abiy has been a member of the governing Ethiopian People’s Revolutionary Democratic Front since the EPRDF took power in 1991. Prior to becoming Prime Minister, he played a critical role in the government security apparatus as the cofounder of the Ethiopian Information Network Security Agency. He is the leader of the Oromo Peoples’ Democratic Organization, one of the four ethnic groups that make up the EPRDF. Also, H. Res. 128 commends Ethiopia’s efforts to promote regional peace and security, as well as our longstanding partnership in addressing health challenges. b1715 However, the resolution carefully and accurately highlights that, despite these developments, human rights abuses remain at the core of the government’s treatment—or should I say mistreatment—of the Ethiopian people. So after decades of serious human rights abuse—often ignored and trivialized by some in Africa, the European Union, and the United States—it is now time for positive action and meaningful deeds. Words, Mr. Speaker, are just not enough. In a letter asking Members of Congress to support our resolution, Amnesty International notes that, in the last 2 months, the government has released large numbers of political prisoners—although many remain behind 
bars—and closed the notorious Maekelawi prison, known for its torture. Yet some have already been rearrested, and all—absolutely all of them—are at risk of rearrest. Making matters worse, repressive laws and state of emergency, used to brutalize people, remains in place. There has been no reform there. None whatsoever. Human Rights Watch strongly supports H. Res. 128 and has reported in its reporting on human rights that: ‘‘Since late 2015, security forces have killed over 1,000 people’’—and some estimates put that far higher—‘‘and detained tens of thousands during widespread protests against government policies.’’ The Human Rights Watch goes on to say: ‘‘A state of emergency began in February 2018’’—that is just several weeks ago—‘‘the second in 2 years, and permits draconian restrictions on rights to freedom of expression, association, and assembly. Authorities regularly use arbitrary arrests and politically motivated prosecutions to silence journalists, activists, and perceived opposition party members. Torture remains a serious problem in detention.’’ Earlier today, MIKECOFFMAN and I had a press conference. There were several men and women there who have suffered the torture of the Ethiopian Government and bear on their bodies and their minds and their hearts the horrible and horrific indignity of the use of torture by the Government of Ethiopia. Human Rights Watch continues: ‘‘The Ethiopian Government has not conducted meaningful investigations into any of these abuses. Repressive laws restrict the activities of nongovernmental organizations. The ruling coalition won all 547 parliamentary seats in the 2015 election.’’ All of them. What does that tell you? Mr. Speaker, the 2017 Department of State Country Report on Human Rights Practices for Ethiopia also cited serious human rights violations, including arbitrary arrests, killings, and torture committed by the security forces, restrictions on freedom of expression and association, politically motivated trials, harassment, and intimidation of opposition members and journalists. On February 18 of this year, the U.S. Embassy in Ethiopia issued a strong statement against the state of emergency. They said, in pertinent part: ‘‘We strongly disagree with the Ethiopian Government’s decision to impose a state of emergency that includes restrictions on fundamental rights such as assembly and expression.’’ ‘‘We strongly urge the government to rethink this approach’’—the State Department goes on to say—‘‘and identify other means to protect lives and property while preserving, and indeed expanding, the space for meaningful dialogue and political participation. . . . ‘’ My resolution—cosponsored by well over 110, I think it is 118 now, Members of the House—calls on the Government of Ethiopia to: Lift the state of emergency; Repeal or amend proclamations used as a tool to suppress human rights in Ethiopia, including the socalled Antiterrorism Proclamation—which accuses any Ethiopian who criticizes the government of being a terrorist—and the Charities and Societies Proclamation—which makes it virtually impossible for civil society organizations to function by severely restricting foreign funding; We are asking in the resolution to stop the killing of peaceful protestors and hold accountable those responsible for killing, torturing, and detaining innocent civilians; Release dissidents, journalists, students, activists, and political leaders jailed for exercising their right to free expression and peaceful assembly; Engage with citizens about development strategies, especially when these people could lose their land; Allow a U.N. rapporteur unfettered access to examine the state of human rights in Ethiopia. Unfettered. Go anywhere, any time, and talk to anyone without fear of reprisal or retaliation; And the resolution calls on the U.S. Department of State and USAID to, among other things, engage in a cooperative effort with the Government of Ethiopia in the formulation of a comprehensive strategy to help advance democracy, rule of law, human rights, economic growth, and peace and security in Ethiopia, and hold accountable individuals responsible for gross human rights violations in Ethiopia through appropriate mechanisms like the Global Magnitsky Act. Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by thanking Congressman MIKECOFFMAN , who has been an amazing tenacious supporter for this legislation and has really made a difference in helping to get it to the floor, and, of course, our majority leader for actually getting it to the floor. I see many of my colleagues on the Democrat side. I thank them. This is bipartisan legislation, and that is what it ought to be. I want to thank Ms. BASS, the ranking member of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee, for her cosponsorship and leadership as well, as well as Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL . I would also like to thank the many human rights groups and the EthiopianAmerican community, who have and continue to work diligently and tenaciously to secure fundamental human rights for the people of Ethiopia. This is a first step today. My hope is that it will begin a process of this body being absolutely in solidarity with the oppressed and standing in opposition to the oppressor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the resolution. I would like to begin by thanking Representative SMITH for sponsoring H. Res. 128, which expresses support for human rights and encourages inclusive governance in Ethiopia. I am a cosponsor of this resolution, along with over 100 of my colleagues—a testimony to the work Mr. SMITH has put into this effort. This resolution acknowledges the partnership between the United States and the Ethiopian Government. We have partnered together on many issues in the world: economic issues, global health issues, and security issues. Indeed, the Ethiopian military benefits from the U.S. counterterrorism and peacekeeping support programs that we work with them on. However, it also expresses concern at the unrest in the Oromo, Amhara, and Somali regions since 2015 and the human rights violations perpetrated against largely peaceful protestors. With the recent election of Prime Minister Abiy last month, Ethiopia now has an opportunity to emerge from this crisis to undertake the reforms called for in this resolution, including lifting the repressive state of emergency, repealing or amending proclamations used to suppress human rights, holding accountable those responsible for human rights violations, and releasing all remaining political prisoners. As the ranking member of the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee on the Foreign Affairs Committee, we have done a lot of work in that subcommittee around the importance of the rule of law and of legitimate, accountable governance in making sure communities are secure and more resilient to destabilizing influences from criminal and terrorist networks. This is not just an issue for us on the international front. I am also a member of the Homeland Security Committee, and this is an important issue in terms of our safety and security here at home. Prison sentences for peaceful protest, restrictions on freedom of the press, and broad enforcement actions against civil society organizations is a recipe for instability—instability that impedes economic growth and leaves countries and communities vulnerable to security and other threats, both globally and, as I said, back here at home. When a society witnesses the arrest of over 22,000 persons and the closing of over 200 NGOs, we should expect to see the trust between communities and their government suffer as a result. Instead, the government should work towards promoting this trust that is so critical to the right of Ethiopians to live freely and safely at home, as well as to their government’s strength as a partner with the United States and others around the world. In light of recent events in Ethiopia, it is important to view Prime Minister Abiy’s election not as the end of the 
crisis, but as a new beginning for social and political reform in Ethiopia. I hope he will undertake this challenge and undertake these vital reforms. In the spirit of a new beginning, I urge my colleagues to support this important resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), the original sponsor of the resolution, and, like I said, a giant when it has come to pushing human rights in Ethiopia. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today, the United States House of Representatives will have an opportunity to vote on H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Governance in Ethiopia. H. Res. 128 calls upon the Government of Ethiopia to take clear and decisive steps toward becoming more inclusive, more democratic, and more respectful of the basic human rights of its people. There will be those who will argue today that this resolution is counterproductive in that the Government of Ethiopia has been a strong and dependable ally of the United States of America. The opponents will say that the national security interest of the United States justifies our support for this government, and, therefore, we must ignore the cries of the Ethiopian people who are suffering under this repressive regime. The opponents fear that the Ethiopian Government will end its cooperation with the United States in the war against terrorism if we publicly criticize their human rights record by passing this resolution. But I say to them, for far too long, the United States has looked the other way as the Ethiopian Government has so often used the weapons that we have provided for them, not to fight terrorism, but to terrorize their own people. For far too long, the United States has looked the other way as peaceful protestors were met with violence from heavily armed Ethiopian security forces. And, for far too long, the United States has looked the other way as journalists, political opposition leaders, and anyone who dared question this government were rounded up and shipped off to detention camps. The U.S.backed government in Ethiopia has lost its legitimacy to govern and rules by brute force and intimidation. To the opponents of H. Res. 128, the passage of this resolution will mark a setback for the relationship between the United States and Ethiopia. But it is my hope that the passage of H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Governance in Ethiopia, will mark a new beginning in the history of the U.S.Ethiopian relationship where the United States will never again have to look the other way, and Ethiopia will realize its full potential by embracing all of its citizens and becoming the great Nation that it has always been destined to be. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to support H. Res. 128. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), the ranking member of the Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations Subcommittee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 128, Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Governance in Ethiopia, and I want to thank our committee chair, Mr. SMITH, for his many years of effort in this direction. b1730 The resolution calls on the government of Ethiopia to take clear, decisive steps towards becoming more inclusive, more democratic, and more respectful of the basic human rights of its citizens. Ethiopia is an important partner of the U.S. in many arenas, including regional security, especially through its contributions to international peacekeeping. Over the past few years, Ethiopia has made significant strides in addressing poverty and expanding economic development. The country has also addressed significant challenges in global health and food security. These are extremely important gains. We are here today, however, because the country continues to have a way to go, especially in the arenas of inclusive governance and respect for human rights. Since November 2015, there have been ongoing protests in Ethiopia’s largest region of Oromia. These protests expanded to the Amhara region in August 2016. In response, security forces have used live ammunition to disperse largely peaceful protests, killing hundreds and arresting tens of thousands. Activists, journalists, and others have also faced repeated arrests. The Ethiopian Government has responded by imposing a state of emergency that included curfews and restrictions on the assembly, expression, and movement of its citizens. Meanwhile, earlier this year, the government began releasing prisoners, including opposition leaders, journalists, and protesters. The government also focused on an infamous detention center. Of course, this is a step in the right direction. We are also encouraged by the recent transfer of power. The new prime minister, Dr. Abiy Ahmed, recently delivered a speech where he highlighted that the government plans to address unity and national reconciliation as well as good governance based on the rule of law. It also seeks to crack down on corruption. Again, this is encouraging and it could be an important turning point for the country that could provide an opportunity to widen the political space, but what remains concerning, however, is that Ethiopia is still under a state of emergency, and just last month, the defense minister announced the arrest of a number of individuals who they say were linked to protests. We encourage the Government of Ethiopia to keep the positive momentum going by lifting the state of emergency, ensuring freedom of expression and assembly, and opening up democratic space. The current challenges facing Ethiopia are best addressed through inclusive discourse and political processes rather than through the imposition of restrictions. Mr. Speaker, I therefore encourage Members to vote in favor of this resolution that supports respect for human rights and encourages inclusive governance in Ethiopia. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), one of the cosponsors of this legislation. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to also thank Chairman SMITH, along with his bipartisan colleagues, in joining together in authoring this legislation and bringing this bipartisan legislation forward and speaking in support of and respect of human rights in Ethiopia. This legislation takes a very important first step for what needs to be identified and moved forward in terms of identifying what has been happening for too long, where the Ethiopian Government has been persecuting the Oromo, Ethiopia’s largest minority and ethnic group. Peaceful protests, led largely by Oromo’s youth, have been met with government repression. Hundreds have been killed and thousands more have been injured. Now, most of those have also been arrested and detained by Ethiopia’s security forces. Estimates are that hundreds of thousands of Oromians have been uprooted from their homes and forced to flee the persecution and the violence. There is no doubt that Ethiopia is a very important U.S. ally, but that does not mean that we should turn a blind eye as it oppresses its people. Now, in my State of Minnesota, we are home to the largest community of Oromians outside of Ethiopia. They are valued members of our community and we are very fortunate to have them. I joined many Ethiopians and Oromians actually this past Sunday night when I attended a very large and moving interfaith rally with members of the African and Jewish community, and they were all together reaffirming 
their commitment to religious freedom, to diversity, and to justice. Sadly, many Oromians today won’t find these ideals in their home country of Ethiopia. Mr. Speaker, today the House can speak with a solid, strong voice to support human rights and also condemn the killing of innocent protesters and the arrest and detention of journalists and students and political leaders. We are also at the same time urging through this resolution that the protesters also refrain from violence, and also urge the Ethiopian Government to take very concrete steps to end its persecution and oppressive conduct. Today we have an opportunity to take these important steps in showing our solidarity with the Oromians, and I hope my colleagues will join in support of this resolution. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), who is an original cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also thank Chairman SMITH and the ranking member for standing together on this important House Resolution 128. It is true that Minnesota is home to a large number of people who find their roots in Ethiopia and are of the Oromo background. These Minnesotans have made it very clear by reaching out to their elected representatives that while their feet are firmly planted on American soil, they still, like so many other Americans, have a heart and a sentiment where they want to support justice in the homeland that they came from. As a result, I have been able to get an education from my constituents about circumstances in Ethiopia which make this resolution necessary. So I do rise in support of House Resolution 128, which calls on the Government of Ethiopia to make clear, concrete steps toward becoming inclusive, more democratic, more respectful of human rights of all of its citizens. I would like to note that this is a bipartisan resolution, proving that we can come together for critical issues like human rights in Ethiopia for Americans who find their roots in Ethiopia and for people all over the world. In Minnesota, as I noted, we are fortunate to be home to one of the largest Oromo and Ogaden communities in North America, and it is because of the relentless work of these folks that these issues have come to light. I thank them. Many of them are here today. They have been working on this issue for many years, Mr. Speaker, because it is that vitally important. Now, as my colleagues have noted, Ethiopia is an important ally of the United States, that is a fact, but even allies must be held accountable when they violate the human rights of their people. Status as an ally is not a license to abuse human rights. The Ethiopian people desperately need their government to take action to secure their human rights and expand inclusive democracy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Minnesota an additional 2 minutes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, the Ethiopian Government continues to detain journalists, bloggers, students, and political opposition leaders. Thousands remain in prison to this day. In addition, the Ethiopian Government admits to killing over 500 of its citizens during the protests in an effort to suppress the people’s freedom of speech. Most observers put this number far higher. These abuses have created a serious instability in the country. While there have been some signs of progress, which must be noted, including the recent election of a prime minister from the Oromo region, we must continue to push for real, concrete changes. For example, the government should let the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights travel through the country to conduct an independent assessment of the human rights situation in the country. By passing this resolution, Congress will be making clear that we will not remain silent on this important issue, we will stand together across the political divide in support of these human rights in Ethiopia. By passing this resolution, we will speed up democratic change in Ethiopia. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important resolution. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. Mr. Speaker, I will note that Chairman ROYCE has been a big factor in moving this forward, and when I give thanks to Mr. SMITH and over 100 more colleagues, I want to make sure that Chairman ROYCE is a person that is highlighted for his great efforts. We are going to miss him, as he has decided not to seek reelection. He has been a person that has shown great ability to be a bipartisan leader on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and I have enjoyed working with him on this issue and many other issues. Mr. Speaker, this resolution seeks to support Ethiopia’s political transition as it hopefully moves beyond a state of emergency towards greater civil liberties under a new prime minister. This resolution also supports the Ethiopian people and their aspirations to live in a more democratic system in which government respects fundamental freedoms. We have partnered with Ethiopia on so many important issues, issues important to their own security, their own health, their own global welfare, and we also recognize the value in that partnership in dealing with the security issues and the ideals and values that the United States has as a country. This resolution strongly urges them to take that other step, to expand that partnership beyond those issues into a partnership of democracy where there will be rule of law, freedom of the press, where opposition people will not be endangered in terms of their safety, will not be imprisoned. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 128, and I urge my colleagues to go forward. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, I include these letters of support in the RECORD . I call attention to the membership an excellent letter written by human rights and diaspora groups, six groups in all. It is entitled, ‘‘Ethiopia: Joint Letter About U.S. House Resolution 128’’, in support of it. They make a number of very important points. 
ETHIOPIA : JOINT LETTER ABOUT US H OUSE  RESOLUTION 128 
GROUPS URGE CONGRESS TO PASS H . RES. 128 
ON ETHIOPIA  Ethiopia is at a crossroads. On Monday, April 2, a new Prime Minister, selected from within the ruling coalition, delivered a speech about planned reforms while the country was under another State of Emergency. At such a juncture, amid mounting pressures, the role of the US, Ethiopia’s longstanding international ally to encourage criticallyneeded reforms and human rights protections, should not be underestimated in urging the country toward a new era of stability. The undersigned human rights and diaspora groups fully support the passage of House Resolution 128 for the positive contribution it can make toward respecting basic human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. The resolution has strong bipartisan support and more than 100 cosponsors. In addition, H. Res. 128 has significant grassroots support among constituents across the US who have ties to Ethiopia. It calls on the government of Ethiopia to open up civic space, ensure accountability for human rights abuses and promote inclusive governance. For the past three years, Ethiopia has faced largely peaceful and sustained protests in the Oromia and Amhara regions of the country. These protests were led by youth seeking opportunity, political reform and more participatory development strategies. The government responded with excessive force. More than a thousand protesters have been killed by Ethiopian security forces, a greater number injured, tens of thousands imprisoned and many tortured for expressing grievances. Over a million, mostly from Oromia, were uprooted due to government instigated conflict in the Eastern part of the country. However, a combination of forces has accumulated in support of the protesters—diaspora groups and international human rights organizations helped publicize the protest movement in Ethiopia and the government’s violent response; the US Congress rallied behind H. Res. 128; international news outlets gave frequent coverage of the protests. At 
the dawn of this new year, the EPRDF coalition announced reforms and some changes began to occur. Close to 7000 political prisoners were released in January and February of 2018, Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn stepped down within days, and Dr. Abiy Ahmed, a man with ties to the region most impacted by the protests, was put forward by the coalition as Ethiopia’s newest prime minister. In light of these beginnings, now more than ever, it is imperative that the United States Congress take a stand that reiterates the need for Ethiopia to take further steps in a democratic direction by passing H. Res. 128. Ethiopia’s previous transfers of power indicate that leadership change is often followed by unfulfilled promises, a culling of opponents and power consolidation. If Prime Minister Abiy is truly committed to breaking that pattern, this resolution will encourage Ethiopia to lift the State of Emergency, ensuring freedoms of expression and assembly and opening up democratic space, all prerequisites for political and economic reform. 1) H. Res. 128 is a signal of support for the youth in the country who have organized to peacefully demand justice and democracy and have paid a terrible price in terms of loss of life, injury and arbitrary detention. Accountability for the human rights violations that have occurred over the last 3 years will be an essential step towards genuine reconciliation and is a key demand from the protesters. 2) H. Res. 128 contains clauses that could strengthen the hand of the Prime Minister visavis less responsive segments within the EPRDF party coalition structure, requiring negotiation with the forces that control the country’s security apparatus, intelligence and the economic sectors. 3) H. Res. 128 contains clauses that call on the State Department and USAID to develop a comprehensive strategy to support improved democracy and governance in Ethiopia. 4) H. Res. 128 contains clauses that call on the Secretary of State and Secretary of Treasury to apply appropriate sanctions on individuals and organizations responsible for gross human rights. We support passage of H. Res. 128 as a means to send a strong, unambiguous signal that the United States Congress requires concrete reforms. Such reforms are needed to create a path toward improved respect and protection of human and civil rights, political stability and sustainable regional security. We urge members of the House to pass the resolution. AMHARA ASSOCIATION OF  AMERICA . COALITION OF OROMOS FOR  HUMAN RIGHTS AND  DEMOCRACY . ETHIOPIAN ADVOCACY  NETWORK . ETHIOPIAN HUMAN RIGHTS  PROJECT . HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH . OROMO ADVOCACY  ALLIANCE . 
AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL , Washington, DC, April 9, 2018. Re Amnesty International USA (‘‘AIUSA’’) urges the House to vote yes on H. Res. 128 which will be on the House floor on April 10. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of AIUSA and our two million members and supporters nationwide, we are writing to urge you to vote YES for H. Res. 128, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. H. Res. 128 outlines key benchmarks for critically needed human rights reform in Ethiopia and calls for a review of U.S. policy toward Ethiopia to prioritize human rights and good governance. H. Res. 128 was approved by Voice Vote by the House Foreign Affairs Committee in July 2017 and has strong bipartisan support with 108 cosponsors including 29 Republicans and 79 Democrats. Following highly contested elections in 2005 the Ethiopian government imposed a web of laws criminalizing any form of dissent or questioning of government policies. These laws have empowered authorities to engage in widespread surveillance, and have resulted in the arrest and detention of members of civil society. For the past three years the Ethiopian people have been subjected to brutal repression by the security forces in response to protests against the increasingly autocratic rule of the Ethiopian People’s Revolutionary Democratic Front (‘‘EPRDF’’). Over 1000 people have been killed since 2015 and according to the Ethiopian government’s own admission, 10,000 people were arrested during the first state of emergency between 2016 and 2017. Amnesty International believes that the figure is above 25,000. The current human rights crisis is the result of years of repression by security forces using sweeping legislation criminalizing dissent, the arrest of civil society leaders and journalists, and brutal crackdowns leading to scores of extrajudicial executions, massacres and the destruction of property and livelihoods. The Ethiopian government has created a culture of impunity and a climate of fear. Ethiopia is currently under its second State of Emergency since 2016. Amnesty International has documented unlawful killings, forced displacement, arbitrary arrests, detentions, as well as torture and the illtreatment of detainees. In the last two months there have been some positive developments in Ethiopia: a new prime minister has been appointed, the government released a large number of political prisoners and closed the notorious Maekelawi Prison known for torture. However, many more prisoners remain behind bars. While the country’s web of repressive legislation remains in place and the state of emergency is in effect, all those individuals who have been released remain at risk of re arrest. Indeed, some of them have been rere arrested. At the same time protests are continuing and are being met with brutal force by government authorities. H. Res. 128 is a direct appeal to the Ethiopian authorities to listen to their people, change course, and uphold human rights and the rule of law. H. Res. 128 calls on the US Secretary of State to: Conduct a review of security assistance to Ethiopia to improve transparency with respect to the purposes of such assistance to the people of Ethiopia and, Work with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, to improve oversight and accountability of U.S. assistance to Ethiopia, pursuant to the expectations established in the U.S. Strategy Toward SubSaharan Africa. H. Res. 128 call on the Ethiopian government to lift the state of emergency and end the use of excessive force by security forces. The resolution calls the government to conduct a credible, transparent investigation into human rights violations committed during the last three years, in an expedient manner and for those responsible for the killing, torture, and detention of innocent civilians who exercised their constitutional rights to be held accountable. H. Res. 128 call on the Ethiopian government to take steps to restore the respect and protection of human rights and enforce accountability as provided under the Ethiopian Constitution including the Release dissidents, activists, and journalists who have been imprisoned; respect freedom of peaceful assembly, freedom of the press and media; Repeal of laws that (i) can be used as a tool to harass or prohibit funding for civil society organizations that investigate human rights violations, engage in peaceful political dissent, or advocate for greater political freedoms. (ii) prohibit or limit those displaced from their land from seeking remedy or redress in courts, (iii) restrict access to justice for displaced persons (iv) prohibit or otherwise limit peaceful nonprofit operations in Ethiopia. H. Res. 128 urges the Ethiopian government to cooperate with a rapporteur appointed by the United Nations to conduct an independent examination of the state of human rights in Ethiopia. Ethiopia has engaged in a number of ambitious largescale development projects that have displaced hundreds of thousands of villagers. A key trigger of the three years of protest was the proposed expansion of the capital Addis Ababa on lands occupied by members of the Oromo community. H. Res. 128 call upon the Ethiopian government to engage in open and transparent consultations with citizens regarding its development plans, especially those strategies that could result in the displacement of people from their land and address the grievances brought forward by representatives of registered opposition parties. Finally, H. Res. 128 reiterates Congress’ support for the people of Ethiopia and their peaceful efforts to exercise the rights guaranteed by the Ethiopian constitution. Amnesty International USA urges you to vote YES on H. Res. 128 and for the full House to pass this important resolution. For more information, please contact me. Sincerely, ADOTEI AKWEI, Africa Advocacy Director. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. For the past 3 years, they point out, as we know, Ethiopia has faced largely peaceful and sustained protesters in the Oromia and Amhara regions of the country. They were led by youth seeking opportunity, political reform, and more participatory development strategies. The government responded with excessive force. More than 1,000 protesters have been killed by the Ethiopian security forces, a greater number injured, tens of thousands imprisoned, and many more tortured for expressing grievances. Over 1 million have been displaced. Let me just say in conclusion that they talk about the importance of supporting this. Yes, there is a new prime minister, but as they point out in their statement, and it is so true, Ethiopia’s previous transfers of power indicate that leadership change is often followed by unfulfilled promises, a culling of opponents, and power consolidation. That can’t happen again. Mr. Speaker, this resolution, I think, deserves the support of every single Member. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 128 Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Governance in Ethiopia. 
This resolution condemns the killing of peaceful protestors by the Ethiopian security forces and calls upon the government of Ethiopia to hold accountable those responsible for killing, torturing, and detaining innocent civilians who are exercising their constitutional rights. Passing H. Res. 128 brings attention to the stifling of political and civil dissent and journalistic freedoms committed by the Ethiopian government. Mr. Speaker, as cosponsor of this resolution, we recognize that the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia has been an ally of the United States and the preservation of basic constitutional rights in this country is the bed rock of any democracy. Protestors in Ethiopia are urged to refrain from violent demonstrations and encouraged to engage in peaceful negotiations. However, the responsibility lies upon the government to implement democratic principles and respect the right to peaceful assembly and guarantee freedom of the press. Since protests started in Oromia in 2015, the Ethiopian government has charged more than 150 students, opposition leaders, and activists at the Federal High Court under the 2009 AntiTerrorism Proclamation (ATP). They have repeatedly abused such laws to limit the freedom of the press, silence independent journalists, and persecute members of the political opposition. Ethiopian Human Rights Commission reported 669 deaths by April 2017 and Human Rights Watch subsequently reported that the Ethiopian security forces had killed between 500 and 800 peaceful protestors in the Oromia and Amhara regions by November 2016, and the number is likely higher. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Res. 128 to show their support and compassion for the people suffering as victims of human rights violations at the hands of their government. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 128, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. As an original cosponsor of the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018, I would like to first thank my coauthors, Chairman ROYCE , Representative MALONEY , and Representative LOVE. I am proud of our bipartisan work on this important issue. This issue represents actions that are abhorrent, coercive, actions that constitute modernday slavery. They also are sustained because they are among the most lucrative criminal activities we have in the world right now. This is ranked as the third most lucrative international crime in the world. And it is a unique one in the sense that, unlike drugs, where they will market their poison to individuals and they will be ingested and consumed and that ends the transaction, tragically, you see, time and time again, that these young women, many of them children, over and over again are used by these financial purveyors of criminality in their actions to redundantly gain profits at the expense of destroying and taking away years of innocent lives. This legislation is a testament to how important our bipartisan collaboration is here in the House, as well as among our colleagues in the Senate. When we have the opportunity to work together, we take meaningful action to address real harms being suffered by 
innocent people here and around the world. And this is, indeed, not only an international issue where we need cooperation, but it is a domestic issue as well. In 2012, the International Labor Organization estimated that there were 21 million victims of human trafficking worldwide. In the United States alone, over 8,500 human trafficking cases were reported just last year, and those are cases where the investigation was fruitful and the prosecution commenced, an understatement by multiple effects of what the actual incidence of this crime is. While there are current laws to combat the practice of human trafficking by criminalizing perpetrators and providing support for victims, the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018 works to dismantle the economic framework that enables it and sustains it. It empowers the Secretary of the Treasury with the ability to assist and directly get involved to a greater extent with all the other agencies involved. I know, from my own experience, that the importance of that coordination will more easily lead to good cases and more effective prosecutions and bringing people to justice. I come at this issue from many perspectives; one of them being my position, as with Chairman ROYCE , on the Foreign Affairs Committee, where we look at the international factor that we are trying to work cooperatively throughout the world and here at home to better prosecute, better bring to justice. I also represent the Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence in the Homeland Security Committee, and it is important to note that this criminal enterprise is one of the most prominent ways that terrorists fund themselves. While we have had effect trying to eliminate the caliphate and the taxing that goes with that, we have seen terrorists lose those opportunities to raise money. However, what we have seen is them move even further into other areas to sustain their terrorist activity; and primary among them is the use of human trafficking and the funding for their terrorist activity through that criminal enterprise. Another way I have come to view this is as a former District Attorney myself. I worked with the regional task force in the Boston region in Massachusetts to try and work to coordinate activities to seek out, to investigate, and ultimately prosecute human trafficking. There is one thing I did know through my term as a District Attorney and looking at this issue as well, more specifically: If we are going to be effective, one of the best tools we have in terms of investigating, seeking out this activity, and bringing it to justice, is to follow the money, and that is what this act does. It follows the money. It uses the economic tools we have here, through the Secretary of the Treasury, among many other assets we have in this country, and it seeks out and will find out, from the money laundering standpoint, just who is involved, where this is occurring, and how we can attack it. Human trafficking is a multibillion dollar industry. Its perpetrators rely on banking and financial systems to fund and profit their crimes against innocent men, women, and children, and this bill will strengthen our work to target, prosecute, and to bring to justice those who reap financial rewards from this abhorrent criminal practice. This Congress, the House passed a number of important bills dealing with antitrafficking measures. This is one of the most important, and it strikes it at its heart, where we can find out where this is occurring, where we can investigate further everyone that is involved in this. It is not just limited to the people that we find in the initial investigations with these reports, we will be better able to bring everyone involved in this activity to justice. So let’s continue this momentum by passing the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would just begin here by recognizing Representative BILLKEATING , who brings to this issue—I just want to acknowledge this. We don’t have that many District Attorneys, former District Attorneys in this body who have the experience of law enforcement in terms of dealing with the types of criminals that go into this line of work, and he brings that expertise and has assisted greatly in this. I just wanted to acknowledge that before the body today. I acknowledge also the contribution of Congressman CHRIS SMITH, who, I think it was in 2000, as I recall, originally brought before us this very idea of how to combat human trafficking internationally. He has worked on many, many issues, the International Megan’s Law, and many others. But this idea of how we could hold governments around the world to account, this idea of the TIP Report, and then, on top of it, the enforcement, so that it meant something; the idea that he would get on a plane and go and make certain that our consulates and our embassies overseas were carrying out that audit, and that the victims had someone to explain this to; that NGOs had someone to talk to about what was going on incountry, so that, country by country by country, he could identify situations where underaged children were being trafficked or being exploited. I just wanted to acknowledge that the gentleman has really been dogged all of these years in moving this issue, and thank him again for what he has done for humanity, frankly. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH). b1800 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank Chairman ROYCE for his very kind remarks. I want to thank him for his extraordinary leadership on combating human trafficking for so many years. This bill is just another example of that ironclad commitment to the victims and to trying to bring to justice the perpetrators of this offensive and really abject cruelty perpetrated by human traffickers. H.R. 2219, authored by Chairman ROYCE and, of course, joined by Mr. KEATING , Mrs. M ALONEY , and Mrs. L OVE as original cosponsors of the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act of 2018, will make an enormous difference when enacted into law. It recognizes the very important role the Secretary of the Treasury has to play in the detection and eradication of human trafficking, and it ensures that the Secretary is included in the President’s Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Human Trafficking. As we all know, Mr. Speaker, profits drive human trafficking. Profits drive human traffickers to do unspeakable harm to their fellow human beings. Trafficking victims suffer unspeakable cruelty that scars, if they are rescued and are the lucky ones who are rescued, scars that they carry on for the entirety of their life. This bill goes after the traffickers’ profits by turning the Treasury’s watchful eye on the traffickers’ system for moving and hiding money. The Royce bill will ensure that those working at the Treasury’s antimoney laundering and terrorist financing units are ready, willing, and able and empowered legally to detect signs that money may by tied to traffickers and to report their findings to law enforcement. The bill asks the Secretary of the Treasury to review the Department’s systems and tell Congress if any additional legislative changes are needed so that the Department can be effective in the fight against human trafficking. Finally, the bill adds, as the chairman pointed out in his opening comments, to the minimum standards to combat human trafficking by which we evaluate every country in the world, including our own, whether a government is keeping a watchful eye on financial transactions, putting the issue on the map for countries that have never thought about it and may be unwittingly providing financial cover to the traffickers. This bill will reduce profits of the traffickers and, again, will set an example for other countries of the world to follow. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Chairman ROYCE for his bill and hope this body will strongly support it. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, first off, I would like to say, as the chairman mentioned in the previous resolution that we discussed, Mr. ROYCE is leaving us at the end of this term, and I would like to thank him for the real bipartisan effort we have shown—Mr. SMITH typifies that as well—on the Foreign Affairs Committee. This is an important committee that has broad responsibilities, as this bill indicates; and, in a Congress where, too often, there are divides and bitterness, that committee stands out as a committee of members who work together, who accomplish solutions to very complex international problems that affect us here at home. I know, going forward, I believe very strongly, we are going to have an even larger role in issues to come. Mr. Speaker, modernday slavery destroys the lives of far too many innocent people. Today, in 2018, this should no longer be a topic of discussion, yet it is becoming increasingly more problematic. The solutions are within reach, and that requires coordination and cooperation. This bill does both. We have the information; we have the expertise; now we must act decisively to put the best tools in the right hands to end this injustice once and for all. And by focusing on the financial mechanism that enables this and sustains this, we will be best able to combat it, not just in seeking it out and destroying it, but making sure, in a comprehensive way, we deal with all those wrongdoers that are involved, not just a few at the bottom rung of the ladder. This bill will give the right people around the table the opportunity to better equip themselves to combat human trafficking and break down the financing that supports and enables this heinous crime. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my coauthors for their efforts, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, with Chairman SMITH present, I want to speak on the legislation which he previously brought up, the legislation prior to this bill. I want to join him—I am a cosponsor of his legislation—in support of H. Res. 128. He and KAREN BASSand other Members have worked together as cosponsors of this legislation, and I want to say the Ethiopians are a very proud people. They have a very rich heritage and a very rich history. Ethiopia is a very important partner for the United States. It has asserted regional influence through rapid economic growth, as we know, and strong cooperation with us on our security initiatives in the region. It has that commitment that it constantly shows towards combating radical jihadist extremism, and it has made notable strides to address domestic challenges of health and child survival and food security. We have both made trips out there to see that progress, and we celebrate these accomplishments. Ethiopia has come a long way from the devastating famines of the 1980s, and it has achieved much of the benchmarks. Most of the benchmarks that the Millennium Development Goals have set out for it to date have been met. This resolution recognizes the need to continue a close partnership between the United States and Ethiopia to continue that momentum. But it is because of these important bilateral ties that we must ensure that Ethiopia is respecting good governance and democratic values. Deeply ingrained ethnic divisions, marginalization, and years of conflict provide unique governance challenges for the country. Advancing democratic values is never easy, but they are the best way to further Ethiopia’s progress and to further our robust bilateral relationship. Reports of widespread human rights abuses and crackdowns on freedom of expression and excessive force against peaceful protestors are unacceptable. The Government of Ethiopia has released thousands of political prisoners in the last few months, and this is a welcome development. However, the recently reimposed state of emergency criminalizes peaceful assembly and allows state security forces to arrest citizens without charge. This state of emergency must be lifted immediately, which is what this resolution also calls for. The United States must hold the Government of Ethiopia accountable to the peaceful voices of their citizens, while allowing for inclusive political participation and respecting human rights and freedom of expression. All parties must come to the table in order to advance democratic principles and chart the course for a prosperous, inclusive, and peaceful Ethiopia; otherwise, stability and economic progress will suffer over the long term. There is cause for hope, and I commend Dr. Abiy Ahmed for his recent appointment as Prime Minister. I am so encouraged by his call for increased political competition and in defense of fundamental human rights. We hope that, under his leadership, the government will enact meaningful political and social reforms. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank my colleague Representative COFFMAN for his work on this resolution. Mr. Speaker, returning to the End Banking for Human Traffickers Act, I want to again thank my colleagues, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ENGEL , Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS  of the Financial Services Committee, and, of course, BILLKEATING for their support of this important legislation. And I thank Mr. CHRIS SMITH again. I have seen some real reasons for hope that I think, when we are talking about a topic that is this grim, it is good to remind ourselves of how awareness can lead to coordinated action and how that, then, can lead to freeing people from this bondage, especially freeing children from this bondage. In southern California, we have had great involvement from concerned citizens, certainly from our NGO community, the local law enforcement. I have a trafficking task force that I put together some years ago to bring all of these forces together and work also with victims—survivors, as they refer to themselves—working together to drive these forms of exploitation out of our community; and I have seen some of the effectiveness, especially last October, with the good work of the FBI shutting down, across this Nation, so many of these rings. But if we are going to be successful in ending this horrific trade, not just here but worldwide, we have got to cut traffickers off from the financial system. These criminals are laundering profits through that financial system far too easily. This bill will help end that easy access, and it is certainly going to strengthen the tools for law enforcement to fight these crimes against human dignity. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2219, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
COMBAT ONLINE PREDATORS ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4203) to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4203 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Combat Online Predators Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 110A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2261A the following: ‘‘§ 2261B. Enhanced penalty for stalkers of children ‘‘If the victim of an offense under section 2261A is under the age of 18 years, the maximum imprisonment for the offense is 5 years greater than the maximum term of imprisonment otherwise provided for that offense in section 2261.’’. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 110A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2261A the following new item: ‘‘2261B. Enhanced penalty for stalkers of children.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2261A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2261(b) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2261(b) or section 2262B, as the case may be’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON BEST PRACTICES REGARDING ENFORCEMENT OF ANTISTALKING LAWS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit a report to Congress, which shall— (1) include an evaluation of Federal, tribal, State, and local efforts to enforce laws relating to stalking; and (2) identify and describe those elements of such efforts that constitute the best practices for the enforcement of such laws. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. b1815 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4203, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased we are voting on H.R. 4203, the Combat Online Predators Act. This legislation increases the maximum criminal penalty for those who stalk children and obligates the Department of Justice to report best practices for prosecuting stalking laws at the State and local levels. According to the National Center for Victims of Crime, approximately 7.5 million people are stalked each year. While stalking may not involve physical harm, the psychological effects from being stalked can be just as severe. Stalking victims live in constant fear of violence. They fear it will never stop. In fact, the prevalence of anxiety, insomnia, social dysfunction, and severe depression is much higher amongst stalking victims than the general population. About half of all victims of stalking indicate that they were stalked before age 25, and about 14 percent of female victims and 16 percent of male victims experienced stalking between the ages of 11 and 17. Mr. Speaker, the unfortunate reality is that, in the internet age, stalking our Nation’s youth has become easier for predators. Predators can now harass children in their homes—the very places our children should be safest— and can even do so anonymously. H.R. 4203 recognizes that those who stalk minors should be subject to greater criminal penalties. The bill increases the maximum allowable prison sentence by 5 years in cases in which the victim is a minor. No child should live in constant fear for their own safety, and this bill will further deter predators from such conduct. Stalking cases are also notoriously difficult to prosecute because they require showing repeated intentional harassment. It is important for prosecutors to be able to reference best practices in investigating and prosecuting these cases. Therefore, H.R. 4203 requires the Attorney General to issue a report identifying best practices in bringing these cases. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the lead sponsor of this legislation, Congressman BRIAN FITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania. This bill was approved with unanimous, bipartisan support by the House Judiciary Committee, and I urge my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a very important bill, and it is a continuation of the recognition of the United States Congress, Republicans and Democrats, on the importance of dealing with online privacy. In the backdrop of Mr. Zuckerberg testifying in the United States Senate, this bill deals with those who would do dastardly things online. So I rise in support of H.R. 4203, the Combat Online Predators Act of 2017. This legislation would increase the maximum penalty under current law for stalking offenses when the victim is a minor. Obviously, this is something that is equal to online bullying, in some sense. Stalking is a crime that impacts both adults and young people alike. Unfortunately, it does not receive the urgent attention it warrants, although it severely threatens the safety and the lives of our children as much as other prevalent crimes. Stalking is one of four enumerated offenses included in the Violence Against Women Act. As we look to reauthorize that bill, I ask that we all take a closer look at stalking provisions. Let me thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ) for their collaboration and excellent work in trying to stop the surge of online predators utilizing the cyber system to stalk young people. Given the overwhelming use of the internet and social media across the globe, and technological innovations that otherwise enhance our daily lives, online stalking poses a great danger to young people in that it becomes much easier to carry out this crime and intensify its intrusiveness. The terrible, abusive nature of this crime is especially magnified when the victim is a child or an adolescent. This widespread problem requires our immediate attention, particularly in this new era where information is easily ascertained, disseminated, and compromised by bad actors and, at times, by providers—even when done so inadvertently. Current Federal law prohibits narrowly defined instances of stalking, whether accomplished via interstate travel or electronic means. The Combat Online Predators Act of 2017 seeks to address the greater harm that can be inflicted on young victims of stalking. It does this by increasing the maximum prison sentence by 5 years for stalking offenses committed against victims under the age of 18. Online predators are sexual predators who use information and communication technology to locate, target, and victimize minors. A common forum used to target children include chat rooms, instant messaging, or social networking sites for the purpose of flirting and the ultimate goal of meeting and engaging in sexual activities, either online or in person. For many young victims, the suffering inflicted as a result of stalking can last a lifetime. In fact, research shows children and adolescents who are victims of stalking are more likely to become victims of stalking as adults. Given the alarming number of children targeted, this result is terrifying for the children, for their family members, and for a lifetime. Action Against Stalking released a 2012 report that states: ‘‘273 children were targeted by predators they did not know who tried to—or did—snatch them.’’ There was an attempted kidnapping in my community just a few days ago— not online, but physically—when children were traveling together for an outing. Fiftytwo children were snatched. In 22 cases, the offender attempted to take a child in front of their parent. Four cases involved an attempt to take a child from a shopping center. So this legislation is crucial, and I am delighted to support this legislation because it provides a reasonable means of protecting our young people from stalking, whether online or in person. It helps to ensure that these vulnerable individuals are shielded from the potentially devastating and longterm physical and mental scars that stalking can inflict. It punishes those who seek to do harm. When a course of harassment and intimidation occurs and rises to the level of stalking by placing the victim in reasonable fear of death or serious bodily injury, it is appropriate that law enforcement intervene. This can be critical to our young people, and it is important when people are victimized that we understand that this may 
occur in person; online; via cellphones, computers, email, text messages; and on social media by what we call cyber stalking. The increased maximum penalty for offenses against minors is a sensible modification. I look forward to the continuing debate and ask my colleagues to listen carefully as this debate proceeds. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), the chief sponsor of the legislation. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the House Judiciary Committee, the chairman and ranking member, for unanimously advancing the Combat Online Predators Act for full consideration of the House today. I am also very appreciative of the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ) for her tireless, bipartisan leadership in protecting our Nation’s children. This bipartisan legislation was inspired by the story of the Zezzo family of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, whose teenage daughter, Madison, was cyber stalked by a friend’s father on social media. Despite the stalking being sexual in nature, the then51yearold stalker pleaded guilty only to a misdemeanor stalking charge and was sentenced to probation and counseling. Three years later, in 2016, the very same stalker began making contact again. This time he was arrested in a sting operation by local police and sentenced to between 18 months and 7 years in State prison. Mr. Speaker, the Zezzo family is here with us today. Their story is the reason that this legislation was written and the reason it will get a full floor vote in the U.S. House of Representatives today. When I first met the Zezzo family in my office, their sense of fear and anxiety was evident. After hearing of the disturbing story of cyber stalking endured by this young girl and her family for years, it was clear that something needed to be done. As legislators and as citizens, we have no higher calling and no higher responsibility than to protect our children. We must do everything we can to forcefully respond to egregious instances of stalking and cyber stalking, especially when committed against minors. Our children are the most vulnerable among us. Mr. Speaker, stories like this, unfortunately, are too common in this country, and they do not always end with a stalker in custody. The Combat Online Predators Act ensures that not only are we increasing penalties for these crimes, but also requiring Federal law enforcement officials to evaluate and update best practices to combat online stalking and online bullying. This bill provides enhanced criminal penalties for stalkers under title 18 of the U.S. Code, giving judges more flexibility to impose harsher punishments. Additionally, the Attorney General and the Department of Justice will be required to produce an evaluation of Federal, State, and local efforts to enforce laws relating to cyber stalking and identify and describe elements of these law enforcement efforts that constitute best practices around the Nation. Cyber stalking is a serious crime that needs to be met with stricter penalties and more cooperation amongst law enforcement agencies both on the Federal, State, and local level. The Combat Online Predators Act is the first step in making the internet a safer environment for all users, especially our children. This step cannot come soon enough as the National Center for Victims of Crime stated in its endorsement of this legislation: ‘‘In today’s age where children can be stalked both in person and online, we must ensure that our laws provide real justice for our most vulnerable victims.’’ Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Zezzo family and, in particular, Madison Zezzo for sharing her story so that kids across this Nation can be protected. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY), the original cosponsor, along with Mr. FITZPATRICK of this bill. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be the lead Democrat on this bill, and I want to thank my colleague and friend Congressman BRIAN FITZPATRICK for his leadership on this important issue. This bipartisan legislation toughens Federal antistalking laws by increasing the penalty for convicted defendants by up to 5 additional years when their victim is a minor. The bill also requires the Department of Justice to review the enforcement of stalking laws at the State and Federal level and to identify best practices for enforcing such laws. Publishing best practices will help law enforcement agencies and prosecutors around the country secure convictions in these difficult cases. There is nothing more important than protecting our children from harm. Those adults who harass or intimidate minors, whether in cyberspace or in our communities, must understand that the penalty for their conduct will be severe. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the House will approve this bill today, and I urge the Senate to swiftly do the same. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me thank the two original cosponsors of this legislation, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ), for their leadership. As technology advances, we are faced with more and more challenges. It is important to note that, among female victims of stalking, an estimated 16.3 percent were first stalked before the age of 18, and an estimated 3.5 percent between the ages of 11 and 17. Of the male stalking victims, an estimated 20.5 percent first experienced stalking before the age of 18—this is clearly legislation that is needed— while 16.2 percent were first stalked before the age of 11 and 17. This underlying bill is to help protect our children. This legislation does not require mandatory minimums. This sentencing that has been included is at the discretion of the judge, but as we reckon with the question of privacy, cybersecurity, protecting our children from bullying, this legislation is very important to move us one step forward to provide a safe place of learning and also a place of quality as our children grow in this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time, only to urge my colleagues to support this very strong, bipartisan legislation. I want to congratulate the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). I want to thank the ranking member of our Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee for her work in this area. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4203, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1830 REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4790, VOLCKER RULE REGULATORY HARMONIZATION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND RULES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–629) on the resolution (H. Res. 811) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking authority, to exclude 
community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 10, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on April 10, 2018, at 12:22 p.m.: That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 3445. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 3979. Appointments: The Creating Options for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery (COVER Commission). The United StatesChina Economic and Security Review Commission. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, my flight to Washington, D.C. was delayed this evening. As a result, I was absent in the House Chamber for the first vote in the series, roll call vote 130, on Tuesday, April 10, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on roll call vote 130. 
COMBAT ONLINE PREDATORS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FASO). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4203) to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 409, nays 2, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Blumenauer Brady (PA) Frankel (FL) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Issa Jenkins (WV) Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Moore Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis SheaPorter Simpson Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1905 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 231, nays 166, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 30, as follows: [Roll No. 132] YEAS—231 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crowley Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Goodlatte Granger Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Marino Marshall Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Pelosi Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Posey Raskin Reed Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Takano Tenney Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Young (IA) 
Amash Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Delaney Denham DiazBalart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Faso Fitzpatrick Flores 
Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Hartzler Hastings Hice, Jody B. Hill Hoyer Hudson Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Lance Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Mast McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Nolan O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
Blumenauer Brady (PA) Calvert Crawford DesJarlais Doggett Frankel (FL) Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Holding Issa Jenkins (WV) Labrador Loudermilk Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Moore Perlmutter Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Russell Schakowsky SheaPorter Shuster Simpson Walz Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
b1913 Mr. LOBIONDO changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
STB INFORMATION SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 4921) to require the Surface Board of Transportation to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Surface Transportation Board to implement certain recommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1915 GRAND OPENING OF LOTUS VILLAGE (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, on April 20, Lotus House Shelter will have the grand opening of Lotus Village, a home for disadvantaged women and children that will offer a meaningful solution to prevent homelessness in my area of MiamiDade County. Lotus House is dedicated to improving the lives of homeless women, youth, and children, providing support, education, tools, and resources that empower them to heal, learn, and blossom into who they are truly meant to be. Today, Lotus House shelters over 250 individuals on a daily basis, 680 annually, breaking the cycle of childhood abuse, domestic violence, and homelessness. The opening of the new home, Lotus Village, offers increased capacity, a neighborhood health clinic, a children’s daycare center, and a wellness center. Lotus Village includes programs like child therapy, nurturing parenting classes, as well as training programs for life skills and job readiness. This safe haven is deeply integrated in the fabric of our community, and I am incredibly proud of the tireless work of all the volunteers of Lotus House Shelter in serving those in need reintegrate into society. 
CONGRATULATING HILLSIDE FIFTH AND SIXTH GRADE ALL STAR BASKETBALL TEAM (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Hillside fifth and sixth grade allstar basketball team for winning their championship game in overtime to become the 2018 Jersey Basketball Association Gold Division champions. This was the first year that Hillside had a fifth and sixth grade team at all. In fact, some of the players on this talented team had never even touched a basketball before signing up this year. Their raw talent, positive attitude, willingness to learn, and parental support helped drive the players toward victory. Under Coach Nikko Velez and his father, Coach Nick Velez, the team achieved a 13–1 regular season record and a 4–0 postseason record. The only team that they lost to in the regular season was the team they beat in the championship game. I ask my colleagues to join me to congratulate the Hillside fifth and sixth grade allstar team for its winning season. f 
NATIONAL RETIREMENT PLANNING WEEK (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the start of National Retirement Planning Week. For many, retirement can seem a long way off, far away, something not to worry about, in the future. But healthcare costs are rising, people are living longer, and a shift away from employer pensions means they will likely face more uncertainty in their retirement than ever before. Far too many, Mr. Speaker, will find themselves with too little in retirement to live comfortably. But planning early on and socking away a little now for the future will go a long way. Make a plan, start to save, and find out how your employer can help. As cochair of the Financial Security and Life Insurance Caucus along with RICHARD NEAL from Massachusetts, we are working together across the aisle to ensure that public policy encourages more savings, more planning, and more education to help families plan for the future in the event of disability, longterm medical care, or death. Mr. Speaker, 4 million Americans are retiring every year. That is 10,000 people a day. National Retirement Planning Week is a chance to remind Minnesotans and all Americans that thinking about retirement should start in your twenties, not in your fifties. 
KOREAN PENINSULA (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, tonight, I rise to speak on the vital goal of seeing the Korean Peninsula and its people peacefully reunited under a commitment to the values of human rights, freedom, and democracy. For nearly threequarters of a century, the Korean people have been divided by armed conflict and political boundaries. Yet, despite this adversity, the fundamental unity and shared heritage of the Korean people continue to endure. I am, therefore, heartened by the potential of May’s talks between the United States, the Republic of Korea, and the People’s Republic of Korea. While the road to peaceful reunification is a long one, next month’s talks are an essential first step toward the reunification and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. I commend 
both the American and South Korean Governments for embarking on this first step. I also want to recognize all those who have dedicated themselves to the cause of reunification, including the wonderful KoreanAmerican people of my district and the Chicago area, as well as the National Unification Advisory Council and its Chicago chapter. The work of these dedicated advocates and others has brought new hope to all who would see Korea peacefully reunited. 
2018 MASTERS GOLF TOURNAMENT (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, last week, in Augusta, Georgia, we celebrated a tradition that is truly unlike any other. The first full week of April is always one filled with excitement and stellar competition as we watch the most talented golfers in the world take on the famed Augusta National Golf Course. For 1 week each year, the world gets a glimpse into Georgia 12 and the wonderful people who live and work there, the district I have the great honor of representing. From the world famous azaleas to the delicious pimento cheese sandwiches, the tradition that encompasses the Masters is truly something special. We also heard a historic announcement from Chairman Fred Ridley that the final round of a new competition, the Augusta National Women’s Amateur tournament, will be played at the Augusta National, furthering the Masters tradition and the future of golf. I would like to congratulate Chairman Ridley for his leadership in making this important decision. I would also like to congratulate this year’s Masters champion and Augusta University graduate, Patrick Reed, for his outstanding performance under the greatest pressure experienced in any competition: the back nine at Augusta. It is my great privilege to welcome people from around the globe to the world’s greatest sporting event as we count down the days until Masters 2019. 
TAX SCAM AND TEACHER WALKOUTS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, across our country, following West Virginia’s lead, teachers in Kentucky, Oklahoma, and Arizona are demanding change and showing the power of unified action. Teachers and school support staff have a simple request: a fair wage, funding to replace decadesold textbooks, and updating the buildings in which our children are educated. For decades, Republicanled States made dramatic cuts to schools, harming students, and undervaluing our teachers, while doling out huge tax breaks for the rich and big corporations. Yet, as we see these teachers take a stand, Republicans keep trying to sell their trickledown tax scam. Remember, the latest GOP tax scam gave away 83 percent to the top 1 percent. From 1996 to 2015, teacher pay, adjusted for inflation, fell by $30 per week. And reports state that some Oklahoma teachers work three, four, five, and even six jobs to pay the bills. Cutting taxes for the rich doesn’t give teachers and hardworking people a leg up; it deprives already cash strapped communities of muchneeded resources. We can’t short education. Liberty depends on it. I stand in solidarity with these teachers and many in Ohio and across our country who are fighting to ensure workers get a fair shake. Change is on the horizon, and lawmakers better take heed. f 
WORLD AUTISM MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during World Autism Month to recognize and support all children and adults with autism spectrum disorder. Today, millions of adults and an estimated 1 out of every 68 children in the United States have been diagnosed with some form of autism spectrum disorder. Notwithstanding these diagnoses, Americans with autism make exceptional contributions across our Nation and around the world. Each April, Autism Speaks celebrates the start of its signature campaign, Light It Up Blue, along with the international autism community, in recognition of United Nationsdesignated World Autism Awareness Day, which was celebrated on April 2, and April as World Autism Month. Light It Up Blue is a unique global campaign to increase understanding and acceptance for people living with autism. Mr. Speaker, during World Autism Month, let us renew our commitment to support the entire international autism community, including children and adults with autism, their families, and caregivers. Together, we can increase access to information, encourage heightened understanding of autism, promote respect and dignity, and support the services that assist people with autism to reach their full potential. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CARLY KREIBAUM (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to remember the life of Carly Kreibaum. Carly attended the Route 91 Festival on October 1 in Las Vegas. Carly was a doting mother to her two children, Dalten and Cambri, and she was a loving wife to her husband, Chris. She worked at Walmart in Spencer, Iowa, as a department manager for 12 years. As a kid, she loved playing in her high school band and singing in the choir. She enjoyed playing basketball, and threw shot put for the school track and field team. Carly went to Las Vegas with two of her friends for a fun getaway. She was very involved in her community and was known for being very kind and outgoing. I would like to extend my condolences to Carly’s family and friends. Please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
KANZE KAHINDI WALKS A MARATHON EVERY DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, every day, Kanze Kahindi leaves her small village in southeast Kenya on a mission. Her mission? Find water. She walks 13 miles one way to fetch water from the closest resource: a muddy pond polluted with animal and human waste. Then she walks home. Mr. Speaker, that is 26 miles a day— a marathon. Kanze has been doing this almost every day for 40 years. She walks thousands of miles for something Americans take for granted. We can simply turn on our faucets and out comes clean, drinkable water. But not for Kanze, and not for 1 billion people around the world who don’t have access to running water. That is why the Water for the World Act Representative BLUMENAUER and I authored is now the law. This legislation requires a comprehensive plan for the U.S. to aid other countries in securing clean water. We have it in our power to help people like Kanze. No one on this Earth should be denied access to this basic resource needed for survival—because water is life. And that is just the way it is. 
b1930 ASSAD’S MURDEROUS ATTACK (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, the Syrian Assad dictatorship mercilessly used chemical weapons of mass destruction on the last rebelheld stronghold near Syria’s capital, Damascus, murdering over 50 innocent people, including 
women and children. This comes exactly 1 year after the chemical weapons attack that resulted in President Donald Trump’s launching of Tomahawk cruise missiles at the air base that launched the chemical weapons attack. Assad’s actions are a clear violation of international law and human rights, and the world must stand against this indiscriminate massacre. I am grateful for the leadership of President Donald Trump, United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley, and National Security Advisor John Bolton to address this threat to protect American families. I stand with Ambassador Haley in calling for the United Nations to adopt a resolution that would condemn the continuing use of chemical weapons in Syria in the strongest terms and to establish a new body to determine responsibility for chemical attacks anywhere in the world. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
DON’T MESS WITH BALLARD HOUSE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Don’t mess with Texas’’ is a phrase we Texans use when challenged. The folks in Katy, Texas, tweaked that phrase a little bit after Hurricane Harvey. They tweaked it to, ‘‘Don’t mess with Ballard House.’’ In 2008, Cinco Charities opened temporary lodging for families coming to Katy for treatment of lifethreatening conditions, a home away from home. Five years and 500 guests later, it became clear that Cinco Charities needed to have a permanent home. Angels on Earth, Monty and Erin Ballard, raised the funds for 24 family suites. Before Harvey, it was clear we needed more rooms. Monty and Erin’s foundation gave a $2 million grant to double the size of Ballard House. Groundbreaking is tomorrow. Harvey gave us a big hit, but we turned that 24 suites now into 48 suites for families. The message is clear: Don’t mess with Ballard House. 
RECOGNIZING MARK JOHNSON ON WORLD DOWN SYNDROME DAY (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mark Johnson, a fellow Texan, a former marine, a father and a grandfather. On March 17 and 18, Mark completed a double Ironman race across the State of Texas. A double Ironman is a 53.2mile run, 4.8mile swim, and 224mile bike ride. He began in Marble Falls in my district and ended in Lufkin, Texas. When asked why he chose to attempt the event, he answered swiftly: ‘‘For Wendy, my amazing sister who has Down syndrome.’’ In addition to honoring his sister and raising awareness, Mark Johnson has pledged all monetary donations to the National Down Syndrome Society. This is the leading human rights organization for all individuals with Down syndrome and where he sits on the board of directors. Today and every day, let us celebrate advocates like Mark, his sister, Wendy, and all individuals with Down syndrome and their families. In God we trust. f 
RECOGNIZING ANTONIO PAGLIARO (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Antonio Pagliaro. Antonio recently lost his battle to cancer, leaving behind his wife, Nicole, their children, Alexis, Antonio, and Kylie, as well as his parents, Tony and Richetta, and his brothers, Peter and Michael Pagliaro. As a graduate of the T.R. Proctor High School class of 1999, Antonio began his professional destiny and purpose in life to help people in need by serving in the emergency medical services industry. His passion was to provide critical help and comfort to those in need, especially in his hometown in the city of Utica, New York. Antonio was a paramedic supervisor with Kunkel Ambulance for 15 years. He was also a 10year volunteer with the Schuyler Volunteer Fire Department. Antonio was a courageous public servant who served our community selflessly. He put his life on the line every single day for the betterment of all of us. Along with being a dedicated public servant, Antonio was a passionate cook, number one dance dad, a gardener, and a parishioner of the Church of Our Lady of Lourdes, and so much more. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Antonio Pagliaro, a true hometown hero. Our community is lucky to have had such a selfless, loving person as Antonio, and we wish his family prayers and positive thoughts to the entire family from all of us and my colleagues. 
CONGRESS, NOT THE PRESIDENT, HAS THE AUTHORITY TO DECLARE WAR (Mr. MCCLINTOCK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, James Madison, the father of the American Constitution, said that its most important provision was given to the Congress, and not the President, the authority to declare war. This is central to the separation of powers. Congress can declare war, but cannot wage it; the President can wage war, but cannot declare it. This bright line has been badly blurred over the years, but that doesn’t change its clarity and importance. The Constitutional Convention was clear that the President’s inherent authority as Commander in Chief was solely to repulse an attack against this country until the Congress could convene. The Syrian crisis presents no such exception. If it can be proven that the recent use of gas against the civilian population was initiated by the Assad regime, well, then supplying arms and material to the Syrian opposition, economic sanctions, and other nonmilitary responses are appropriate, but any military action against Syria first requires a congressional declaration, period. f 
TAX REFORM TRUTH TELLERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, in February, Congressman PAULMITCHELL of Michigan and I established the Tax Reform Truth Tellers series to combat the misinformation being spread about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Today I had the distinct honor of joining my colleagues from the great States of California and New York to talk about the benefits this historic tax reform bill is having on our communities and local economies. When it comes to taxes, our two States have something in common: some of the highest State tax rates in the country. My district in Orange County, California, is home to great people, beautiful weather, and a rich history, but it is also located in the highest taxed State in the Nation. It is my duty to find ways to help my constituents build and achieve their American Dream, whether it is opening a small business, sending their children to college, or saving for retirement. Unfortunately, high taxes can prevent these dreams from becoming a reality. While the State legislatures in Sacramento and Albany keep placing 
crushing tax burdens on their residents, congressional Republicans take action to lower the Federal tax burden on hardworking Americans and job creators in our districts. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act did just that by lowering rates and restoring the ability of American companies to compete globally. For too long, our Tax Code was broken. It imposed high tax rates on families, individuals, and small businesses; it was full of special interest loopholes; it contained a tax structure that encouraged companies to ship jobs overseas; and individuals, families, and job creators spent nearly 9 billion hours each year preparing their taxes, which cost the economy $400 billion in lost productivity. Last December, we addressed those issues and fixed our outdated Tax Code when we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This legislation lowers rates for nearly every taxpayer, doubles the standard deduction for individual and joint filers, and maintains popular deductions that will help working families in cities like Irvine, Mission Viejo, and Tustin. When the new withholding rates took effect in February, Orange County residents saw their takehome pay increase. Now, families and individuals are rightfully keeping more of their hardearned paychecks. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has also encouraged economic growth and job creation. Since the tax reform package was signed into law, our economy has experienced its most robust growth rate since 2005, consumer and manufacturing confidence are near record highs, and just last month, the U.S. economy experienced its strongest month of job growth in nearly 2 years. Over 500 companies have given their employees new benefits, like pay raises, bonuses, and increased matching 401(k) contributions. In the last 3 months, 4 million American workers have received bonuses. Furthermore, the National Association for Business Economics has increased its 2018 economic growth projections to nearly 3 percent. This positive economic news is a direct result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, the results of tax reform are exceeding our expectations, especially in my district. Some were concerned about the potential ramifications this bill would have on Orange County, but in the last few months, our community and local economy has flourished. Orange County residents are keeping more of their paychecks, allowing them to spend and invest their own money as they see fit; after all, it is their money, not the government’s. Local businesses are benefiting, allowing them to create jobs and provide higher wages for their employees. One example is the Walt Disney Company, Orange County’s largest employer and the place where I held my first job as a senior in high school. With their savings under the new Tax Code, Disney gave each of its 125,000 employees a $1,000 cash bonus. Disney also established a new higher education initiative that will cover tuition costs for hourly employees. STERIS, a medical device company, has several facilities throughout the State of California, including one in Tustin. Following the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, STERIS gave its employees a $1,000 bonus. Throughout the country, millions of Americans are benefiting from tax reform, and STERIS is an example of a company making those benefits a reality for my constituents in Tustin, California. These Orange County companies reflect just a small sampling of the success the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is having across the Nation. Today, my colleagues from California and New York will share their stories from their districts about how their communities and local economies are thriving due to the new tax law. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), a United States Army veteran, a member of the House Armed Services Committee, and a representative of California’s 25th District. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the opportunity to speak about the impacts of the recently enacted tax law. The reduction in the corporate tax rate enables U.S. companies to compete on a level playing field with foreign businesses without having to move their headquarters abroad. Here in the U.S., in each of our districts, they can invest their savings back into their businesses. This is because the reform changes the equation for what will make them more profitable. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act now means that expanding factories and payrolls here in the U.S. make better business sense. Northrop Grumman, which has a significant presence in my district, California’s 25th, announced it would increase capital expenditures by 10 percent and provide a $1,000 per year contribution for each of their employees’ retirement accounts. Millions of Americans have received increases in their paychecks. Check your check. The Treasury Department estimated that 90 percent of Americans will now receive more takehome pay. The reform reinforced positive trends we have experienced over the past few years. U.S. jobless claims have fallen to their lowest level since 1973. Setting politics aside, this bill lifts burdens on U.S. businesses and taxpayers to allow everyone to invest more and save more. We can all see the effects of these changes today, and we will continue to see them play out over the coming months and years. Mr. Speaker, I thank Speaker RYAN, Chairman BRADY , and their staffs for their organizing an inclusive, cooperative process in drafting this bill and driving it forward. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), my friend and a member of the Committee on Agriculture and the representative of California’s 21st District. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to talk about something that is so important. We always talk about the different things we can do in Congress to help our constituents. Something I spend a lot of time on is water. It is very important to help my local community survive, it is obviously important for agriculture, but it is very important for those who live and breathe in the Central Valley. Delivering water to their homes is something that some of us outside of the area might not see threatened, but in the Central Valley, it is something we do see. b1945 But tax reform is something that has a real impact on people every single day. The Central Valley happens to be what I would say, and I think a lot of people would agree, some of the hardest working people in the United States. When you drive throughout the Central Valley and you see people out in the fields working really hard in some of the warmest weather, some of the hottest weather, it has a real impact on people; and giving these people an opportunity to be able to keep more of their money is something I think is very important. While I don’t know if this coming week people will see a simplified system, because it hasn’t taken effect yet, I know that people who work really hard throughout the Central Valley are already starting to see an increase in their paychecks. I have heard it myself as I have gone around the district talking to constituents; people stopping me in the grocery store bringing up the fact that they are already seeing things in their paychecks. I have even had employers tell me that their employees walked up to them and talked a little bit about the difference they are seeing. The Central Valley is an area that needs this more than a lot of other areas. When you look at the median income, Central Valley, or at least the 21st Congressional District, is about $40,000. So when you talk about doubling the standard deduction—before this tax plan went into place, about 83 percent of the people filed the standard deduction. Now, with doubling that standard deduction, you are going to see upwards of 90 to 95 percent of people filing the standard deduction. What does that mean? That means, in the past, people only keep about $12,000 of their first income taxfree. Now they are going to go forward and have the opportunity to earn $24,000 without being taxed. So the first $24,000 isn’t going to be touched, and that is impressive. 
Then, throughout the Central Valley, a lot of folks, with their children, having families, something that, myself, with three kids, something I am very proud of, we are doubling the child tax credit. We are going from $1,000 to $2,000. That is going to have an impact on about 64,000 people in the 21st Congressional District. Twentyfive thousand constituents own small businesses. This new law will help them grow their businesses and help them be more successful. In fact, some economists say that this new law will help create about 111,000 jobs in the State of California. This tax bill is going to have a positive impact throughout the 21st Congressional District. We are already starting to see it now, and we are going to see it going forward. As this new bill takes effect, people throughout the 21st Congressional District will see an annual tax savings of about $1,300, almost $1,400. This is real relief for people; and no matter what anyone else goes out and says, this is not peanuts. This is not a small amount. $1,400 has a real impact on people being able to buy groceries; being able to save for their kids’ education; being able to keep their families comfortable, if it is running the air conditioner or keeping the house comfortable. These are all things that have a real impact on people’s everyday lives, so I am thrilled to be able to come here and talk a little bit about the positive impact that we are having throughout the 21st, and I am looking forward to seeing how much more we do. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, my friend from southern California, for the opportunity to be here and play a role in this. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), a member of the House Financial Services Committee and the Representative of New York’s 22nd District. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from California and her hard work on this really important issue. Taxes are, of course, extremely important in New York State as being one of the highest taxed States in the Nation, along with California, an undistinguished honor that we don’t want to have. But I rise today to actually recognize the thousands of hardworking families across the 22nd District of New York, and throughout upstate, who have felt the real impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our Tax Code was broken. It was riddled with loopholes that penalized success and hurt hardworking families and hardworking taxpayers. Our middleincome families were the ones who suffered as the economy and wages remained stagnant. As I traveled from Sandy Creek to Vestal, Little Falls to Cortland, I heard real stories from families, small business owners, single parents, veterans, and seniors detailing the damage of our oppressive Tax Code. It held our small businesses back, crippled our family farms, and left our families feeling hopeless and overwhelmed. That is why we stepped up to the plate, took our constituents’ concerns and stories to Washington, and passed legislation that reflected the values of fairness and hard work. No longer is our economy stagnant. No longer will American businesses and families suffer under an unfair and oppressive Tax Code from Washington. Here in New York, tax reform has provided onceinageneration relief from the failed status quo, a status quo that was created in part and mostly by Albany politicians whose seemingly only intent is to tax and spend, and I dare say, waste our hardearned money. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the typical middle class family of four in New York’s 22nd District, which I represent, will see a tax cut of $2,439. Imagine what kind of money that could do for a family of four. Now, families will have the opportunity and means to save for college, plan for the future, invest in their retirement, and provide their children with increased educational opportunities. Families know how to spend their resources much better than the Federal Government. That is why we are putting real money back into the pockets of hardworking families, money they earned, and money they deserve to keep. Throughout the debate on tax reform, I, along with my fellow colleagues from New York, fought an uphill battle to include provisions facing elimination that are vital to seniors, single parents, struggling families, and overly burdened job creators. One of the key provisions that we New Yorkers fought tirelessly to include is the State and local tax deduction or, as you heard often, the SALT deduction. I would like to thank Chairman BRADY and everyone on the Ways and Means Committee for understanding the importance of this deduction and what it means to my constituents. As a result of our advocacy, nearly all of my constituents in the 22nd District will be able to continue to claim a SALT deduction. It is also flexible, which means it can be used for property sales or income tax, and not just restricted to local tax. In the 22nd District, 99 percent of itemizers deduct less than $10,000 in property taxes. This provision will cover the overwhelming number of property owners who own homes of less than $450,000 in value, which is a very nice home in my district, a little different than in the coastal areas and sometimes you will see in the southern tier of New York. The reason the SALT deduction matters stems from Albany politicians who have no regard for the taxpayers they represent. For example, all eight of the counties that I represent are in the top 36 highest property tax rates compared to home value nationwide per county. This bill provides relief on the Federal level, while finally taking a step to encourage fiscal responsibility from Albany. I have always put the taxpayers I represent first, and it is long past time for politicians in Albany to do the same, and we are hoping that this bill will incentivize them to do that to help our taxpayers. The benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act do not stop there. Earlier this year, I heard from Frank Suits. Frank is the president and CEO of SuitKote Corporation, a family owned, multigenerational paving company in Cortland, New York. Frank wrote to me to share the impact tax reform has had on his business and nearly 800 employees. First, in direct response to the new tax law, SuitKote announced plans to match the Federal tax cut and provide its employees with a 2 percent retroactive pay increase and has begun to accelerate 401(k) contributions for 2018 by 4 months to provide employees additional funds in their retirement accounts. Our goal in passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was to deliver this type of relief to hardworking families like those employed by SuitKote, and it was an honor for me to actually go to Suit Kote and meet with the employees and hear from them, firsthand, just how great their benefits were from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We also heard that NBT Bank, a local bank in my region, with dozens of locations throughout the 22nd District, has used tax reform to invest in its employees. NBT decided to raise the starting hourly rate of pay from $11 to $15 an hour, without a mandate coming from the government, merely because of the benefits from tax reform. Employees earning $50,000 or less will receive a permanent minimum increase of 5 percent this year. Another great little business in my community, fairly new, started by a young guy, A&P Masters Images, LLC, in Utica, a small printing business, has hired another fulltime graphic designer and is now weighing the options of putting on an addition to its building in the city of Utica. Howard Potter, CEO of A&P Masters, said with everyone’s increase in pay he can already see a morale boost coming from his employees. He said the endof theyear tax relief for businesses will help them afford to be more aggressive with investing in their growth, to build or buy, or hire more staff, and buy more equipment. While these companies are based in the 22nd District, there are dozens of other companies with branches in my district that are reaping the benefits of tax reform. For example, CVS is increasing its wages for hourly employees from $9 to $11 an hour. 
Home Depot, with a location right next to my New Hartford office, is giving employees a bonus of up to $1,000, with the chairman and CEO of the company stating it was directly made possible by the tax reform bill. Lowe’s and Walmart are also giving back to their employees as a direct result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. All three of these corporations have numerous locations across my district and employ hundreds of hardworking citizens throughout NY’s 22nd. Critics of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have called this law and its benefits crumbs, or Armageddon, as you famously heard. They have also called this law a handout to the 1 percent. Time and again, they have been proven wrong. Just this past weekend, our very own New York Post declared, and I am paraphrasing: GOP’s tax cut isn’t actually a gift to the rich. They come to that conclusion from an analysis done by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, who found that the top 20 percent of wage earners will pay 87 percent of all Federal income taxes in 2018, up from 84 percent last year. Additionally, the analysis found that most families earning under $50,000 a year will pay almost no Federal income taxes at all, and many will see a refund. Mr. Speaker, this does not sound like middle class Armageddon to me. These benefits certainly do not sound like crumbs. This is money that can be used to get ahead on car payments, to pay rent, to pay mortgages, so much more that everyday Americans struggle with in a tough economy. Businesses like the ones I mentioned are proof that providing desperately needed relief from the Federal side for the failed taxandspend status quo that we see in New York is the most effective way to improve the lives of Americans. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for her advocacy on this and for asking us to join. One added note I would like to say is we found also from the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center that New York is going to be one of the gainers. We are actually going to see a growth in our economy and a growth in jobs, in spite of what Albany may or may not do; but we are really grateful for that, and I just want to say it is an honor to support the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and to advocate for the things in that bill that helped our district. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. COLLINS ), a fellow member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee and the Representative of the 27th District of New York. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the impact that is having in New York’s 27th Congressional District. When Republicans in Congress and President Donald Trump started working on tax reform, Democrats immediately began attacking the bill before it was even written. They deliberately spread lies to the American people, which caused chaos and confusion, in an effort to derail our progress. The working families in western New York now know the truth because they have seen an increase in their paychecks. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making our economy stronger and benefiting American families and businesses, both big and small. The business community is responding and taking action by giving raises, bonuses, and other employee benefits as a direct result of tax reform. In western New York, thousands of workers are reaping the benefits. M&T Bank, in Buffalo, increased the base wages for hourly employees, gave all employees 40 hours a year in paid time off to volunteer in their community, and significantly increased contributions to the M&T Foundation. Pioneer Credit Recovery in Arcade, New York, gave a $1,000 bonus to each of their 800 employees. Evans Bank in Hamburg also gave $1,000 bonuses to nonsenior level employees and increased charitable donations. Everett J. Prescott, Incorporated, gave $1,000 bonuses to employees with more than a year of service and $250 bonuses to employees with less than a year of service. Financial Institutions of Warsaw gave employees a bonus of $500. LiDestri Food and Drink in Rochester gave all of their 1,200 employees in their five U.S. facilities an extra full paycheck. Environmental Construction Group in Albion, New York, gave each of their 50 employees a $500 bonus. National chains that employ many of my constituents have also given bonuses: T.J.Maxx, Walmart, AT&T, Home Depot, Chipotle, Lowe’s, Starbucks, UHaul, FedEx, Apple, and the list goes on and on. b2000 The liberal left calls these pay increases and bonuses crumbs, but my constituents know tax reform is a significant win. Because Republicans have reformed our complicated and outdated Tax Code, our children and grandchildren will be able to participate in a growing economy. The truth is tax reform is a positive step in making America great again. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), my friend and colleague, and a member of the House Agriculture and Transportation and Infrastructure Committees, who represents the 10th District of California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, our previous Tax Code was ineffective and outdated. For too long, Americans’ history of entrepreneurs and aspiring job creators has been in jeopardy. The United States now ranks 12th worldwide in business openings. For the first time in 35 years, American business closures outnumbered business openings—the first time in 35 years. That means jobs were vanishing faster than they were being created. For decades, our country’s families have been burdened by countless hours of paperwork just putting taxes together, confusing tax rules that you needed an accountant or a lawyer to look at, and unsustainable rates that cut into everyday hardworking paychecks. The Code also did little to encourage U.S. companies to invest right here. Instead, it was only successful in creating new loopholes, exemptions, and disincentives that pushed more profits and jobs overseas. The Tax Code just wasn’t working. That is why I was proud to have supported and coauthored H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which tackled each of these separate issues in ways to support American families and U.S. job growth. In the midst of all the rhetoric around here, the partisanship, the Washington spin outside of this building, it is important that we don’t lose sight of who actually won in this. It is the people in my district. People in places all across the country. It is Americans who won by changing the Tax Code. This bill will allow businesses to grow, to continue to give bonuses and raises. Small businesses will now have the flexibility to make new hires and investments, thanks to the new 20 percent deduction for qualified pass through companies. It is a deduction to make sure we are hiring new people. They will also be able to immediately write off the full cost of purchases of new and used equipment, making their goals to expand operations a reality. This gives them the opportunity to take the money that they are making, the profits that they are making to go out and buy new equipment, buy new supplies, and be able to hire more people and bring them into their company. The bill is also good for agriculture. That is my district’s biggest economic driver. It repealed the harmful estate tax and includes supportive export provisions that help our local farmers compete and sell their crops on the national market. The bill is good for our communities. It creates a new pathway for investments to flow directly into lower income areas. These newly designated opportunity zones will receive the necessary capital infusion to jumpstart their economies and support our local residents. Most importantly, the bill is good for individuals and families. It cuts rates across the board and doubles the standard deduction. It also bolsters the value of the child tax credit. Now, a lot of people have asked me: What is the standard deduction? Most people just take all of their information for the year and they give to it their accountant or they put it into the 
system and try to understand the old Tax Code. The standard deduction was something that most people in my district did before, but by doubling it, 94 percent of the people in my district will now utilize the standard deduction. This affects everybody. Other commonsense provisions, like the earned income tax credit, adoption tax credit, charitable deductions, and retirement savings options are all preserved under the bill. That ensures that families can keep more of their own money. Now, since this bill passed, being home in the district, I have been to the bank and talked to people. In the grocery store, people have come up to me and told me what a difference this has made in their paycheck—$50 a week, $100 a paycheck, $200 a month. It is real money adding up to the people in my district. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have supported this bill for the expansion it is going to enable in our businesses, for the new jobs it is going to create, and for the people who are going to see it in their paychecks every paycheck. I recently did a roundtable. We called in businesses and tax accountants and experts on the Tax Code, all together, not only to look at what this new bill has done, but specifically how we would see job growth in our community. Time and time again, I heard from businesses independently owned that talked about the expansion that they are going to see. We will see a great expansion in growth across this country: seeing money that was invested overseas coming back and reinvested here, markets that we have lost that will now be coming back. Manufacturing, building things again, that is what this bill is all about, supporting American families and the pursuit of the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have supported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), a fellow Californian and a member of the House Budget Committee, who represents the Fourth District of California. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to ask ourselves how legislation is actually doing once it has passed; and 4 months after tax reform, I think it is time to reflect on that. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from California for organizing this time tonight. In my California district, the average family is paying $1,900 less Federal income tax this coming year. That means 1,900 more dollars that they can spend to meet their own needs. I want to urge everyone to visit a website called taxplancalculator.com. There, you can put your own tax numbers in and calculate how your family will fare under the new tax law this year. Everyone I have directed to taxplancalculator.com has come back happily surprised. But the real importance of tax reform is expanding our overall economy. That is the rising tide that lifts all boats. One provision of the measure allowed companies to write off the full cost of equipment purchases when they make the purchase. But what does that mean in real life? Well, Ken Steers is president of Freight Solution Providers, a local shipping company in my district that provides worldwide transportation logistics for businesses large and small. He tells me that since the tax reform took effect, his shipping orders for manufacturing equipment have gone through the roof and haven’t let up. Before the tax reform, our corporate tax rate was 35 percent, the highest in the industrialized world. We reduced it to 21 percent. Aslam Malik is CEO of AMPAC Fine Chemicals in Sacramento and El Dorado Counties. They produce the active ingredient in several cancer and epilepsy drugs. He said they could outcompete their European competitors in terms of quality and technology and service, but many customers told him that even if their product was free, the American tax made AMPAC noncompetitive. Well, I checked back with Aslam this week. They have already added $2 million to their budget for expansion because, literally, a whole new world of business opportunities has opened up for them. Now, the left says this is just tax relief for the rich. Obviously, they don’t understand that this is precisely what produces higher pay, better jobs, greater opportunities, and stronger financial security for every American. I attended the Oakhurst Rotary Club last week. They have a tradition of donating dollars to the club as they report good news in their own lives. One Rotarian had been out of work for nearly 2 years. He was on the verge of despair. With tears in his eyes, he announced to the group that he had just landed his dream job with Pfizer pharmaceuticals and that he would now be able to keep his home and stay in the town that he loved. Relief was written all over his face. To be sure, our economy still faces many threats—trade wars, bad monetary policy, runaway Federal spending—but, clearly, the tax reform is working. From what people are telling me, if it isn’t yet morning again in America, it is at least a new dawn. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, 90 percent of Americans will see an increase in takehome pay because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Under this new law, a typical middle income family of four will see an average tax cut of over $2,000. Those cuts will vary from State to State. In California, a family of four will see a cut of $2,840, and in New York, $3,129. Individuals and families will take this money and put it toward their retirements, mortgage payments, or college savings. There are over 400 Chipotle locations in California. In fact, California has the most Chipotle restaurants in the country. Since the Tax Cuts and Job Act passed, Chipotle is providing hourly and salaried workers with bonuses up to $1,000 or a stock grant. The company is also improving employee benefits and has announced plans to provide additional paid parental leave. These bonuses and increased benefits make a big difference in people’s lives. Chipotle also plans to spend $50 million to renovate its stores. This means opportunities for construction companies and numerous small subcontractors, which will invigorate local economies, including my home of Orange County. Tax reform is spurring the free market economy to provide opportunity and an increased standard of living for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, according to a recent survey, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has significantly improved the economic outlook for small businesses. The survey recorded historic highs in the small business confidence index, showing that support for tax reform is growing within the small business community. In fact, small businesses have rallied around the new tax policy, with over half of the country’s smallbusiness owners viewing the law as having a positive effect on their business. Nearly half of small businesses expect to see immediate tax benefits this year. Small businesses are the leading job creators in our country and are the engines of economic growth. Mr. Speaker, McDonald’s is one of the largest employers in California, with over 1,000 locations. Following the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, McDonald’s announced plans to contribute $150 million to cover tuition costs, expanding its current Archways to Opportunity education program. Nearly 400,000 employees are eligible for benefits that can be used toward college or trade school. McDonald’s now offers $2,500 per year in tuition benefits for crew members, and $3,000 per year in tuition benefits for store managers. Thousands of McDonald’s employees will benefit from this enhanced program, and it is thanks to tax reform that companies like McDonald’s are able to do more to empower their employees. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
A RAID ON CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COMER ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, a very tragic thing occurred for those of us 
who care about constitutional rights yesterday. It is a continuation of the travesty that is coming out of the so called special counsel Robert Mueller. I am not aware of anybody else in the House or Senate who was as absolutely concerned and livid as I was when I heard about the appointment of Robert Mueller as a special counsel because, from my questioning of the man and from my research from questioning the man during judiciary hearings, I believe he has done more damage to the FBI than all of the FBI Directors put together since J. Edgar Hoover. b2015 He ran off thousands and thousands of years of experience from the FBI in his goofy 5year uporout policy. It works in some areas, but not in law enforcement. That is the one area where law enforcement needs time to build credibility with local law enforcement. But anyway, these guys were—most of them that he ran off with thousands and thousands of years of experience during his first 10 years, which is the requisite term set up for an FBI Director—those guys were trained to recognize radical Islamist characteristics as to what they were studying, what they believed, things they did, and that was a very helpful thing for the FBI to know. They began, I guess really got on track after the attempted—well, actually, the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993. It was incredible, the amount of information the FBI had discerned about radical Islam during the prosecution of The Blind Sheikh, led by Andrew McCarthy, a brilliant lawyer. He was a fantastic prosecutor. I believe Mr. McCarthy said yesterday, in an interview, that he had three prosecutors helping him with what, at that time, was the most important and highlevel prosecution of radical Islamist terrorism in our country. Since then, back in 2008, there was prosecution and conviction of principles involved in the Holy Land Foundation who were convicted for supporting terrorism. The FBI gathered that evidence as well. Yet, under Robert Mueller, who came in immediately before 9/11—you would have thought that this man would have enough wisdom after seeing the tragedy befall thousands of Americans— what does he do? He crawls in bed with CAIR, one of the named coconspirators in the Holy Land Foundation trial, along with others, and wants to placate them at all costs. They wanted his training materials that helped FBI agents understand what to look for in trying to find radical Islamist terrorists. They wanted those materials purged, cleaned out of anything that might help educate our FBI agents as to what to look for in radical Islamists, and FBI Director Robert Mueller obliged. And there was nothing that, I think, draws the distinction about how wrongheaded he was as FBI Director than his responses when I was asking him about the headsup that they had gotten over the Tsarnaev older brother who was the main Boston bomber, killed and maimed so many people, totally preventable if Robert Mueller had allowed his agents to know what to look for. But in frustration, I said: You didn’t even go out to the mosque to find out if they had been radicalized. You didn’t go out there to find out about the Tsarnaevs at the mosque where they worshipped. He said they did go out to those mosques in their outreach program. It is where they go play pattycake, sit around, maybe have a meal together on the floor, something like that. And that is great. That is fine to do. It is a good thing to do. But not when you are ignoring your law enforcement function that will prevent so many people in Boston from having their lives tragically ended or tragically altered and a living hell imposed upon them. But that was our Robert Mueller. If you go back to his days as the acting U.S. attorney in Boston when, even after it was clear to most everybody else that the FBI had helped frame Whitey Bulger, the mob boss’ competitors, and put four in prison, it was clear to most everybody at that point the FBI framed these guys. They didn’t do it. And yet Mueller was still riding the parole board demanding that they not let them out on parole, which ended up costing the people of Boston and Massachusetts over $100 million for Mueller’s horrible aide. The taxpayers of the United States paid less of a price for the years of harassment that Robert Mueller, with his sidekick, James Comey, did zeroing in on Dr. Hatfill as the person who was spreading bioterror. I think they only paid about $6 million as a result of Mueller’s intensity on pursuing the wrong guy, against whom there was not one shred of any evidence that could ever be used. The only thing they had to justify the many years of torture that the FBI put Dr. Hatfill through was when two dogs—which were later found to have been totally bogus in spotting anything—when they went by Dr. Hatfill, he rubbed their ears, and they seemed to have reacted favorably to having their ears rubbed. That was the only socalled evidence Robert Mueller ever had, and he was relentless. One thing you have got to give Robert Mueller credit for, he is consistent. He has destroyed so many lives. He has cost people their lives, but he never apologizes. He always hides behind the words that he is doing his job when he goes about destroying innocent people’s lives. Alan Dershowitz, I disagreed with him so many times on policy matters, but he understands the Constitution. So does Jonathan Turley. As Dershowitz said, he didn’t vote for Donald Trump, but he sees what is happening. And he points out in an article published today in The Hill, he says: ‘‘There is much speculation as to the significance of the search of the offices and hotel room of President Trumps lawyer, Michael Cohen. To obtain a search warrant, prosecutors must demonstrate to a judge that they have probable cause to believe that the premises to be searched contain evidence of crime. They must also specify the area to be searched, the items to be seized and, in searches of computers, the word searches to be used.’’ The problem is there has to be probable cause established by sworn evidence to justify a warrant. And when anyone gets a warrant to go after a lawyer of someone that law enforcement wants to target the way Mueller and Rosenstein want to target Donald Trump, there has got to be probable cause put in the affidavits. These guys have gotten so used to sending out bogus national security letters like subpoenas. We found out that while Mueller was at the FBI, the IG says there may have been thousands of letters sent out with no basis in fact. This was under Mueller’s direction at the FBI. He may not have known individual letters, but he let things get out of control because, in his mind, when he or any of the people working for him are going after people they think are bad guys, it doesn’t matter what they do. They are in the right. And that is exactly how you can lose a constitutional republic that we have. Dershowitz says: ‘‘I believe we would have been hearing more from civil libertarians—the American Civil Liberties Union, attorney groups and privacy advocates—if the raid had been on Hillary Clinton’s lawyer. Many civil libertarians have remained silent about potential violations of President Trump’s rights because they strongly disapprove of him and his policies. That is a serious mistake, because these violations establish precedents that lie around like loaded guns capable of being aimed at other targets.’’ ‘‘What else does the raid tell us?’’ He says: ‘‘It seems likely that special counsel Robert Mueller is bifurcating the investigation: He will keep control over matters relating to Russia, the campaign and any possible obstruction. But he has handed over to the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York any matters relating to Trump’s personal and business affairs.’’ Well, I would submit to you, having been a prosecutor, defense attorney, felony judge, chief justice, that normally when somebody in law enforcement raids a lawyer’s office—and in this case, office, home, and, since they were out of the home while it was being apparently remodeled, they raided the hotel room. When a raid on a lawyer’s office—and especially personal lawyers—occurs, the guys raiding that are lawyers know, if they find something, even if it is a potential defendant telling his lawyer, ‘‘I am guilty as sin’’—we know that didn’t happen in 
this case because President Trump knows he is not guilty. But even if the target had said that to his lawyer, judges ultimately—even if it has to go to the Supreme Court, that is not going to be admissible. That is going to be protected by the attorneyclient privilege. That is why every defendant who people suspect told his lawyer exactly what he did doesn’t have that lawyer’s office raided because, if this system of justice is going to work, there has to be two adversarial sides that do the very best they can as long as it is ethical and it is constitutional, following the law. So the attorneyclient relationship means something. It is protected. Courts have made that clear. It doesn’t matter what you have got that went between the attorney and client. Now, there were those who say: Well, but, you know, the law, if they are both engaged in fraud, then together—well, you still have got an attorneyclient problem with admissibility. And that is why, normally, when someone in law enforcement raids a lawyer’s office trying to target their client, they are looking for something that they can use against that lawyer, hopefully, maybe a bunch of violations, no matter what it is, they can use against that lawyer that doesn’t have an arguably protected status of attorneyclient, just something to do with the lawyer, so that they can tell that lawyer: Here is what we have got now. We had what we believe was a lawful search, and while we were searching, we found all of this stuff that shows you have committed other crimes. So you are looking at going for life or 1,000 years, whatever it is they happen to use in that particular case. However, if you will simply testify that your client violated the law, you don’t go to prison at all. You stay rich. Everything looks good for you. It is only your client who suffers. Well, in this case, it would be a constitutional republic going down the toilet. Mueller doesn’t care. He has shown that over and over. He let Eric Holder get away with all kinds of things— some would say even murder in the Fast and Furious operation where one of our own agents died and potentially hundreds of others across the border died as a result of Eric Holder’s Department’s actions. But they covered up. b2030 But they covered up. They obfuscated how they had violated the law that resulted in death. Eric Holder said recently in the press about how he knows Mueller and that Mueller is going to get Trump on something. There is a reason President Obama extended the horrendous 10 years that Mueller was FBI Director for 2 extra years. Any of my colleagues who really want to go back and see who Mueller is and what he did, I can show you. There is plenty to show the damage that this man has done to our country. He served valiantly in Vietnam. Great. Congratulations. He deserves awards. But that doesn’t give him the right to ruin my country after he gets back, and that is what he has been doing. He is bringing us to the brink of a terrible constitutional crisis. I think he is also trying to provoke the President to firing Mueller because Mueller knows he doesn’t have anything right now. This is a lastditch effort to try to find something, try to get something, get somebody to testify against the President, even if it is a lie just as it was that put Sergeant Derrick Miller in prison for life whose parole hearing I came back and testified before last week. It is not that hard to get people to testify to a lie against somebody else when you are threatening to take everything they care about away. Rosenstein needs to be stopped. He was involved in the original Russia uranium investigation as a U.S. attorney. He should never have been allowed to appoint a special counsel. If Rosenstein had any decency and ethics about himself, he should have told Jeff Sessions: I am not the guy who can do this because I was involved in that Russia uranium investigation that enriched Hillary Clinton’s foundation $145 million; I can’t do this. But since he is not ethical, he is not moral, and he doesn’t mind keeping the limitations running while they are looking elsewhere rather than at him and Mueller who is also the FBI Director involved in that Russia investigation where Russia was trying to get our uranium, neither one of them should have been able to accept. Rosenstein has got to go, and his assistant who so often keeps the good people who supported President Trump in the dark, Tash Gauhar, she needs to go. She needs to go, and Rosenstein should follow right out the door. Those people are doing more damage over there. They have got to go, and then we can try to salvage this country and our constitutional Republic. By the way, tomorrow we are voting on a balanced budget amendment. I came up here wanting a balanced budget amendment, and Congress wanted it passed here, in the Senate, and across the Nation, but I saw very quickly how easy it was to raise revenue—taxes, fees, whatever you want to call it—and if we don’t have a spending cap on a balanced budget amendment, it is a prescription for ratcheting up the level of spending taxing, spending taxing, because we just can’t get people to vote for real cuts. We vote to slow the rate of spending sometimes, but real cuts, we couldn’t even vote to do that. We had the horrendous thing called the sequestration that gutted our military which we have been trying to make up for. But every time, we add hundreds of billions of dollars just to do what is right by the military. Now, to cover for the horrendous omnibus that gave CHUCK SCHUMER and NANCY PELOSI big smiles because of all that they were awarded during that horrendous vote is a huge mistake. I guess it is a coverourrear type of action, but it doesn’t cover anything. It is like a hospital gown. You only think you are covered. This doesn’t cover anything. BOBGOODLATTE has a good balanced budget amendment that includes a spending cap, but that is not the one we are going to be allowed to vote on. We are not going to be allowed to bring an amendment to put a spending cap on this bill. That is why I voted against it last time. People say: Oh, but you don’t have to worry. There is protection in this against things like that terrible omnibus. Oh? What is the protection? Oh, if you look—and I did—it says that it will require threefifths of a vote from the House and Senate to set aside the requirements of the balanced budget amendment and to raise revenue. So to raise revenue, we have got to have a 60 percent vote; and in that horrendous omnibus, it passed with 60.5 percent of the vote. This terrible balanced budget amendment we are voting on is such a farce. It would not have even stopped us from hurting future generations in this last omnibus bill. It still would have passed even if the balanced budget amendment we are voting on tomorrow were a part of the Constitution already. Then you say it won’t take effect for 5 years. Please. The Senate is not going to take it up. This is to try to make us look conservative after the omnibus bill. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker, I want a balanced budget amendment that means something, not a hospital gown bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
January 22, 2018: H.R. 195. An Act making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes. H.R. 3759. An Act to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. January 29, 2018: H.R. 984. An Act to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian TribeEastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. H.R. 4641. An Act to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to John L. Canley for acts of valor during the Vietnam War while a member of the Marine Corps. February 9, 2018: H.R. 1301. An Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1892. An Act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. February 14, 2018: H.R. 4708. An Act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Securitywide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign, and for other purposes. February 16, 2018: H.R. 582. An Act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9– 1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes. March 9, 2018: H.R. 1725. An Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit certain reports relating to medical evidence submitted in support of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary. H.R. 3122. An Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to include on the Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs a warning regarding dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices targeting individuals who are eligible for increased pension on the basis of need for regular aid and attendance, and for other purposes. H.R. 4533. An Act to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations. March 16, 2018: H.R. 294. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 452. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 535. An Act to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes. H.R. 3656. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a consistent eligibility date for provision of Department of Veterans Affairs memorial headstones and markers for eligible spouses and dependent children of veterans whose remains are unavailable. March 20, 2018: H.R. 1208. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’. H.R. 1858. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 1988. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. March 23, 2018: H.R. 1625. An Act to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the rewards program of the Department of State, and for other purposes. H.R. 2254. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 2464. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2672. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2815. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. H.R. 2873. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3109. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3369. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3638. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3655. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3821. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3893. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4042. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4285. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. March 26, 2018: H.R. 1177. An Act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to release on behalf of the United States the condition that certain lands conveyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes. March 27, 2018: H.R. 2154. An Act to rename the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Agricultural Research Center. April 3, 2018: H.R. 3731. An Act to provide overtime pay for employees of the United States Secret Service, and for other purposes. April 4, 2018: H.R. 4851. An Act to establish the Kennedy King National Commemorative Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT The President notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
January 19, 2018: S. 139. An Act to amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to improve foreign intelligence collection and the safeguards, accountability, and oversight of acquisitions of foreign intelligence, to extend title VII of such Act, and for other purposes. January 31, 2018: S. 117. An Act to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. February 14, 2018: S. 534. An Act to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, and for other purposes. February 22, 2018: S. 1438. An Act to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. February 26, 2018: S. 96. An Act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. March 16, 2018: S. 831. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashmum Post Office Building’’. March 27, 2018: S. 188. An Act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government, and for other purposes. S. 324. An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. April 3, 2018: S. 2030. An Act to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation standards for ceiling fan light kits to be January 21, 2020, and for other purposes. S. 2040. An Act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quarter of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. ** Airfare inclusive of multiple legs of the trip. HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, Mar. 20, 2018. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4419. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Bradley A. Heithold, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4420. A letter from the Secretaries, Department of Defense and Department of Energy, transmitting the FY 2018 report on Nuclear Weapons Stockpile, Nuclear Weapons Complex, Nuclear Weapons Delivery Systems, and Nuclear Weapons Command and Control System; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4421. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Office of Minority and Women Inclusion Annual Report to Congress, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5452(e); Public Law 111203, Sec. 342(e); (124 Stat. 1543); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4422. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Consumer Response Annual Report for CY 2017, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5493(b)(3)(C); Public Law 111203, Sec. 1013(b)(3)(C); (124 Stat. 1969); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4423. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting the Council’s 2017 Annual Report to Congress, pursuant to Sec. 1006(f) of the Financial Regulatory and Interest Rate Control Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3305); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4424. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — SMetolachlor; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20170211; FRL 997311] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4425. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Flutianil; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20150817; FRL997432] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4426. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Implementation Plans; State of Missouri; Elements of the Infrastructure State Implementation Plan Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide, 2010 Sulfur Dioxide, and 2012 Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) [EPA R07OAR20150356; EPAR07OAR20170268; EPAR07OAR20170515; EPAR07OAR2017 0513; FRL997571Region 7] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4427. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) [EPAR07OAR20170267; FRL997578Region 7] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4428. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Aluminum tris (O ethylphosphonate); Pesticide Tolerances 
[EPAHQOPP20160639; FRL997463] received March 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4429. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on the programs or projects of the International Atomic Energy Agency for 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4430. A letter from the Director, Office of Diversity and Inclusion, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4431. A letter from the General Counsel, Government Accountability Office, transmitting the Office’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4432. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel (GLER), Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4433. A letter from the OEEO Director (Acting), Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4434. A letter from the Director, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the 2017 Report to Congress on the Disclosure of Financial Interest and Recusal Requirements for Regional Fishery Management Councils and Scientific and Statistical Committees and on Apportionment of Membership on the Regional Fishery Management Councils, pursuant to the Magnuson Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act, Secs. 302(b)(2)(B) and 302(j)(9); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4435. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: St. Francis Yacht Club Fireworks, San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG20180119] (RIN: 1625AA00) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4436. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Wando Terminal Crane Movement; Charleston, SC (RIN: 1625AA00) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4437. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Pilatus Aircraft Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20171079; Product Identifier 2017CE039AD; Amendment 3919206; AD 20180410] (RIN: 2120AA64) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4438. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Moundsville, WV [Docket No.: FAA20170878; Airspace Docket No.: 17AEA 14] received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4439. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Modifications to Rev. Proc. 201536 and Rev. Proc. 201741 (Revenue Procedure 201821) received March 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. S. 35. An act to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–626 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 4203. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking; with an amendment (Rept. 115–627). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of Union. Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Business. H.R. 5178. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for small business concerns located in Puerto Rico, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–628). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committe on Rules. House Resolution 811. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking authority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–629). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs discharged from further consideration. S. 35 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida): H.R. 5443. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require electronic filing of the annual returns of exempt organizations and provide for making such returns available for public inspection; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. LEWIS of Georgia): H.R. 5444. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 5445. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 5446. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized property by Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. I SSA, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OOPER , Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. MARINO , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. ROBY, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Ms. JAYAPAL , and Mr. BIGGS): H.R. 5447. A bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5448. A bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to provide eligibility under the assistive technology program for farmers with disabilities to veterans with disabilities and their families; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5449. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to support a smart agriculture industry technology roadmap, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5450. A bill to increase the access of small farmers in Puerto Rico to Federal agriculture programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. WALKER , Mr. HUDSON , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. MCHENRY , and Mr. B UDD): H.R. 5451. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10926 Quality Drive in Charlotte, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Julius L. Chambers Civil Rights Memorial Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for herself, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 5452. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate the period of eligibility for the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. CLARKE of New York (for herself and Mr. ZELDIN ): H.R. 5453. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act, in relation to requiring adrenoleukodystrophy screening of newborns; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 5454. A bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to provide that individuals in prison shall, for the purposes of a decennial census, be attributed to the last place of residence before incarceration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 5455. A bill to prioritize funding for the National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to restore the purchasing power which the National Institutes of Health had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003; to the Committee on the Budget. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 5456. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants to health centers to expand access to evidence based substance abuse treatment services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. STIVERS, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´N of New Mexico, Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. L EE, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5457. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing maternity care quality measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5458. A bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to require Members of Congress to file the reports on transactions in stocks, bonds, commodities futures, and other forms of securities which are required under such Act not later than 7 days after the transactions are completed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5459. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act and the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act to modify the offenses relating to fentanyl, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. GRANGER , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. VEASEY ): H.R. 5460. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to award grants to eligible entities to carry out educational programs about the Holocaust, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. SUOZZI , Ms. MENG, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Mr. E NGEL ): H.R. 5461. A bill to require records of the national instant criminal background check system to be retained for at least 90 days; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PETERSON: H.R. 5462. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to provide support for dairy producers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5463. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for equity investments in research intensive small business concerns, to provide for the proper tax treatment of personal service income earned in passthru entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. L EE, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. NORTON , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5464. A bill to prohibit the pricing of consumer products and services that are substantially similar if such products or services are priced differently based on the gender of the individuals for whose use the products are intended or marketed or for whom the services are performed or offered; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 5465. A bill to provide that the salaries of Members of a House of Congress will be held in escrow if that House has not agreed to a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 by April 15, 2018; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.J. Res. 132. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself, Ms. DELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. BASS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. S HEA PORTER , Mr. B EYER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. LEE, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. M ENG, Mr. VARGAS , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. NADLER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. EVANS , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H. Con. Res. 117. Concurrent resolution recognizing the significance of Equal Pay Day to illustrate the disparity between wages paid to men and women; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. PAYNE ): H. Res. 812. A resolution supporting quality of life for prostate cancer patients; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. COFFMAN, Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi): H. Res. 813. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that defense appropriations bills should be considered only as standalone measures; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5443. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5444. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5445. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 stating ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 stating ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes’’ and Clause 18 stating that it has the power to ‘‘make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 5446. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excuses shall be uniform throughout the United States By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 5447. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5448. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5449. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5450. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 5451. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 5452. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5453. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. CLAY: H.R. 5454. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I—Section II, Section XIII By Ms. DELAURO : H.R. 5455. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution By Ms. DELAURO : H.R. 5456. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 2 and 4 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5457. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5458. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. HILL: H.R. 5459. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5460. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5461. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PETERSON: H.R. 5462. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5463. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 5464. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 5465. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 6 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. ZELDIN: H.J. Res. 132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 34: Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 66: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 127: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 149: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 154: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 159: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 173: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 252: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 303: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 365: Mr. BERA. H.R. 392: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H.R. 427: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 445: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 485: Ms. MOORE , Mr. C LAY, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 508: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 559: Mr. PERRY and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 671: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 809: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 810: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 812: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 846: Mr. LUCAS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 850: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 858: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 881: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 911: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 936: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 976: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 1057: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 1136: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 1143: Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 1187: Mr. PAYNE and Mr. C ARSON of In diana. H.R. 1223: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1225: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1241: Mr. HECK. H.R. 1253: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1270: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 1276: Mr. CASTRO of Texas and Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 1318: Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. YARMUTH , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 1363: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1377: Mr. TONKO , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 1406: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 1421: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 1474: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1475: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 1542: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1562: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1566: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1772: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. JAYAPAL , and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1774: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1802: Mr. DEFAZIO and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 1832: Mr. KINGof New York and Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 1876: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 1881: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 1905: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 1928: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 1954: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 2016: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 2038: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2055: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 2095: Mr. SOTO, Mr. K IHUEN , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 2101: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 2135: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2147: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 2150: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 2242: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 2317: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. J ONES , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. SHEAPORTER , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 2319: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2322: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 2418: Mr. SOTOand Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 2491: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 2501: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2599: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2701: Mr. SUOZZI and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2851: Mr. MAST. H.R. 2862: Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 2913: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 2976: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. YARMUTH , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 3011: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 3032: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 3111: Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. GARAMENDI , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 3144: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 3174: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 3207: Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. LYNCH , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3255: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3368: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3378: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. REED. H.R. 3444: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3495: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3525: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3566: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3605: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K ELLY of Penn sylvania, Mr. TIPTON , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3654: Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 3666: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 3670: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 3671: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3692: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3738: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia and Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 3780: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3798: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3832: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 3842: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 3923: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. ENGEL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, and Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 4057: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4060: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4073: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4099: Mr. PANETTA , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 4101: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 4143: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 4201: Mr. RYANof Ohio and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 4206: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. HARPER . H.R. 4215: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 4221: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 4222: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 4240: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4253: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 4260: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4311: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 4379: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4410: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 4471: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4548: Mr. TONKO and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 4556: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4604: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4631: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 4638: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4744: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4747: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. GALLEGO , and Mr. S HUSTER . H.R. 4777: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4893: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 4897: Mr. YARMUTH and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 4903: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4912: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 4915: Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 4954: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4999: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5009: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5096: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5105: Mr. GALLAGHER and Mrs. B ROOKS  of Indiana. H.R. 5112: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5127: Mr. VELAand Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5138: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5141: Mr. BABIN, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. WAGNER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. S OTO, Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. YODER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 5150: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 5160: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 5163: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 5171: Mrs. LOVEand Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 5176: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 5191: Mr. PETERSON and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 5193: Mr. GALLEGO and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 5197: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 5199: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5208: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5258: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 5261: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 5270: Mr. STIVERS , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 5274: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 5282: Mr. MESSER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. COFFMAN , and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 5291: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 5292: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5337: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 5359: Mr. SIRES, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. CARBAJAL , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5365: Ms. STEFANIK and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 5374: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 5383: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. RUSH, Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5384: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 5385: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. STEWART . H.R. 5388: Mr. BARTON . H.R. 5389: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.J. Res. 2: Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mrs. BLACKBURN , and Mr. G RAVES of Lou isiana. H.J. Res. 122: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. MCHENRY . H. Res. 128: Mr. BACON , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H. Res. 188: Mr. CASTRO of Texas. H. Res. 274: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas and Ms. BORDALLO . H. Res. 401: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. M EEKS . H. Res. 673: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. CHABOT . H. Res. 718: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H. Res. 749: Mr. HIMES. H. Res. 750: Mr. LAHOOD, Ms. M OORE , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. LANCE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. R OHRABACHER , M S. BONAMICI , and Mr. POEof Texas. H. Res. 763: Mr. WALKER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 777: Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 797: Mr. CORREA . H. Res. 806: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. P ALLONE . f 
95. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Town Council of Highland, IN, relative to Resolution No. 201815, communicating the Sense of the Town Council Regarding Common Sense Gun Safety Laws; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2021 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2018 No. 57 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 