Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because it is the 24th day that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has intentionally discharged toxic water from Lake Okeechobee in Florida’s interior into the Treasure Coast of Florida, which is my community. Today, I have a group of warriors with me, the River Kidz. They are here in Washington fighting to show that what is happening in our community is not okay. It is not right, and it is not just. The River Kidz are a group of young people from the Treasure Coast of Florida whose health and community have been threatened. While many kids across the country right now are gearing up to go to camp this summer or spending their days on a boat or at a beach or fishing, our kids are doing all that they can to avoid contact with our water because every single day our water is being made more and more toxic. As we speak, there is a toxic algae bloom over 100 miles in diameter laden with cyanobacteria. It is being drained into Florida’s east coast, and, in fact, as we speak, satellite imagery shows that nearly half of the entire lake of Lake Okeechobee is covered in algae. It is a threat to the health of every single man, woman, and child who is exposed to it. The toxic algae blooms are also devastating to threatened species like manatee who inhabit our waters but cannot escape from the water. The billions of gallons of discharge that is evacuated from Lake Okeechobee into the coastal estuary wipes out our entire estuary of seagrass the way a wildfire wipes out a forest, leaving no habitat for the rest of the sea life that is meant to exist there. Mr. Speaker, you might be wondering: Why would anybody in Washington care about this beyond to say for a few moments what a sad situation it really is? Washington needs to care. Washington needs to care because this is a situation that is created by the fact that Florida’s water system is functioning exactly the way that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers designed the system to function. In other words, this is happening on purpose. The Lake Okeechobee Regulation Schedule, which is what the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers uses to decide when and where water out of Lake Okeechobee will be discharged into places it does not belong, is designed to ‘‘share adversity.’’ Let me say that again. The Lake Okeechobee Regulation Schedule is designed to share adversity. Shared adversity means shared toxic water into a community that did not share at all in the polluting of the source of the toxic water. Mr. Speaker, let me explain this in a way that people here in Washington, people here in the Capitol, can relate to. It would be like if a Senator on the other half of this building flushed their toilet over there, and instead of sending that sewage into pipes that go underneath the street and into a water treatment plant, the Corps of Engineers set up a system here where they had a pipe that dumped the sewage onto the floor of the House of Representatives. That is what shared adversity by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers looks like. In the case of my community, it is not just a pipe, though. It is millions of gallons a minute that destroys our environment, destroys our economy, destroys small businesses, and affects the health, as I said already, of every single man, woman, and child who comes in contact with the water, and it threatens our entire way of life. The Treasure Coast of Florida can no longer be forced to share adversity that they played no role in creating. The River Kidz, myself, and the entire Treasure Coast of Florida demand that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers stop immediately its willful pollution of our home that is done on behalf of others. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ELIZABETH BRACKETT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, perhaps now more than ever, we need to recognize the critical role a free press plays in our democracy and those who play that role so well. Today, I rise to honor the life and legacy of an awardwinning journalist and dedicated public servant, Elizabeth Brackett, who died on June 17, following a tragic accident. Her death is already being felt by her colleagues at WTTW, the entire Chicago journalism community, and all of the Illinois residents who have relied on her reporting for unparalleled insight into the pressing challenges that confront our Nation and our world. Working at four television stations spanning five decades, Elizabeth was an accomplished journalist and news program host who asked public officials questions that really matter. In the past, people have asked if I am afraid of a journalist who raises tough questions. The answer is no. I’m afraid of a journalist who asks the wrong questions, who doesn’t know what questions to ask. Elizabeth was a journalist’s journalist who knew not only what to ask, but how and why. Her thoughtful, smart, and incredibly wellresearched approach made us all better at our jobs. After retiring from her fulltime position at ‘‘Chicago Tonight’’ in 2014, Elizabeth continued to contribute to the network primarily on environmental topics, such as the health of the lakes in which she frequently swam. In particular, I remember one of the most recent interviews in 2017 when she asked me about efforts to keep Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. It was Elizabeth who asked me about the environmental impacts in such detail and accuracy, providing viewers, listeners, and readers alike with an in depth understanding of the invasive species, a critical issue for our Great Lakes. ‘‘Resourceful’’ and ‘‘passionate’’ were two words often used to describe her. Carol Marin, Elizabeth’s colleague at ‘‘Chicago Tonight,’’ said it best: ‘‘Elizabeth was always going to be your competitor. She was out there to get the story, get it first, and get the story best. That is what made her so good at what she did.’’ In addition to journalism, her ambition was, front and center, in her unmistakable athleticism. She began competing in triathlons at the age of 50 and became a national champion in her age group. From beginning her broadcast career in 1977 as a researcher at WBBMTV to becoming a weekend anchor and going on to win national Emmy and Peabody awards, Elizabeth was an institution. I extend my thoughts to her husband, Peter Martinez, and her entire family, including 10 grandchildren. She was a role model and a force for truth. We will all miss her expertise and energy both in and out of the news studio. CONGRATULATING DR. BILL LAWRENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to congratulate Dr. Bill Lawrence on his retirement after over 30 years as a principal in southwest Alabama. For the last 21 years, Dr. Lawrence worked as principal of Foley Elementary School in Baldwin County. Prior to that, he served for 10 years at W. H. Council Traditional School in Mobile County. Being a principal is a tough job, but Dr. Lawrence thrived in the role throughout his career. He overcame many obstacles and always provided steady leadership for his students, teachers, faculty, and parents. I know that personally because I am one of those parents. Dr. Lawrence would always go above and beyond the job description. He said that one of his proudest accomplishments was starting the Turkey Takeout program to help provide families in poverty with a free Thanksgiving meal. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District and the countless students positively impacted by Dr. Lawrence over his career, including my daughter, Laura, I want to wish him all the best upon his retirement. Foley Elementary School and public education in Alabama will not be the same without him. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Victor Helmsing on his retirement after 35 years serving as a teacher at St. Paul’s Episcopal School in Mobile. Throughout his time at St. Paul’s, he held a range of teaching positions, including everything from senior government and economics to AP U.S. Government and politics, to Western civilization. He also helped lead various extracurricular programs, including the Key Club for 28 years, and serving as senior class sponsor for 35 straight years. He has also been a leader among his peers, serving as chair of various administrative committees. During various time periods, Victor served as associate headmaster, assistant headmaster, and director of the upper school, but his true passion has always rested in the classroom. I know every former student has their own story about something Victor Helmsing taught them or a way he had a lasting impact on their lives. That is just the type of teacher and leader he has always been. So on behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District, I want to wish Victor and his wife, Vaughan, all the best upon his retirement. His impact on St. Paul’s and his former students will be felt for years to come. REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF DR. JOSHUA FELDSTEIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Dr. Joshua Feldstein, president emeritus of Delaware Valley University, who passed away on June 19 at the age of 97. Born in Lithuania and raised in Belarus, Dr. Feldstein was the very embodiment of the American Dream. After fleeing Nazi persecution, Dr. Feldstein arrived in Bucks County, where he eventually received degrees in horticulture and agricultural mechanics before earning a doctorate at Rutgers University. Dr. Feldstein’s legacy is one of diversity and expanding civil rights. In the 1960s, he played a significant role in the university’s admission of women, and upon taking the helm as president in 1975, he oversaw the expansion of women faculty members. More than anything, Dr. Feldstein was a man of kindness and good faith who relentlessly sought to open doors and brighten futures for the students who attended the school he cared so deeply about. I send my condolences to Dr. Feldstein’s sons, Ted and Dan, along with the rest of his family and the entire DelVal community. May they take comfort in knowing his life was one extraordinarily well lived. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2018 graduates of Bucks County Technical High School, who graduated last week. Watched by over 1,000 family members and friends, the nearly 300 graduates walked across the aisle at the CURE Insurance Arena to receive their diplomas. I am proud to report that this impressive class earned approximately $1.2 million in scholarships, and 72 percent of the class is moving on to continue their education. I would especially like to recognize the students who have decided to join the Armed Services, and I speak on behalf of all of us in Bucks County when I say we appreciate your dedication to service and passion for keeping America safe. I also applaud Principal Robert Azar and Administrative Director Dr. Leon Poeske for their work in molding the minds of the next generation. I wish the 2018 graduates of Bucks County Technical High School and all of those who are graduating this year the best of luck in their next chapters. I encourage them to use their skills to strive to make our communities a better place. b1015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, 
Irene Molloy, for her artistic accomplishments both in Hollywood and in our home of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. This week, Irene will begin a new path in her illustrious career, as she will make her debut as director of the Bucks County Center for Performing Arts’ rendition of ‘‘The Fantasticks.’’ This production of the 1960s musical will take place at Delaware Valley University in Doylestown Township. A native of Chalfont and a graduate of Archbishop Wood Catholic High School, Irene had worked both on Broadway and in Los Angeles before founding the firm Radiant Bloom Productions. I applaud Irene for using her artistic talents to make Bucks County a more vibrant place. I would also like to recognize Howard Perloff of Carversville, the founder and artistic director of the Bucks County Center for the Performing Arts for his contributions to our community and those where he has produced a multitude of plays over a decadeslong career. 
SUPPORT AMIGOS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to join me in fostering increased investment in the United States economy by one of our oldest allies, Portugal. As a cochair of the Congressional Portuguese Caucus, I am proud to join Congressmen CICILLINE and V ALADAO in leading the AMIGOS Act, which we introduced earlier this spring. Earlier this month, Senators WHITEHOUSE and H ATCH introduced the companion measure of the AMIGOS Act in the United States Senate. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would make Portuguese citizens eligible for specific visas that allow them to enter the United States to conduct substantial trade or to invest a substantial amount of capital. We do this with other nations. This will spur investment in our economy, and it helps create jobs. In 2015 alone, trade between Portugal and the United States reached $4.2 billion, and it is only growing. The AMIGOS Act will strengthen this reciprocal economic relationship, one of our longest and strongest allies. Strengthening relationships that benefit both countries is the best way to grow the economy and to increase the number of jobs in the long term, not trade tariffs. We have extended these visas before. In 2012, Congress granted, most recently, eligibility to Israel. Our friendship with Portugal and the contributions of hardworking Portuguese immigrants in America are an important part of our country’s history and heritage. Portugal was one of the first countries to recognize the United States after we declared our independence, and Portugal joined us in being a founding member of NATO. The AMIGOS Act is commonsense, bipartisan, and bicameral. It is the type of trade policy we should be leading, not engaging in trade wars. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the AMIGOS Act and working together for strong and stable investment in America’s economy and American jobs. With bipartisan efforts in the House and in the Senate, these are the kinds of things that we can do, and I am hopeful that this legislation will be enacted into law before the end of the year. IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Immigrant Heritage Month. At a time when heinous action is being taken in the name of securing our borders—and we must secure our borders—I stand here to call on every one of my colleagues in Washington, local leaders across the United States, and individual Americans and their families. I call on all of us to come together and remember we are a Nation of immigrants, immigrants past and immigrants present. For more than 250 years, immigrants have made our country what it is today. Every generation of immigrants contributes new ideas, fresh energy, and vibrant culture to our Nation that makes up this mosaic web of an incredible place we call America. I grew up in California’s San Joaquin Valley, which I have the honor and privilege to represent. Our valley is a rich combination of people whose families have come from all over the world. It is part of this fabric, this mosaic, I talk about. They have made California and our Nation what it is today through hard work, family values, and lasting contributions in so many different ways: the agriculture economy, businesses, education, and healthcare systems. Their story is our story. It is the story of achieving the American Dream. The American Dream lives on. It lives on in all of us. Last week, I met with a group of students from my district on the Capitol steps, many of whom are children from immigrant families. These young people came to Washington to learn about our government and how to make a difference. They are our future leaders in the next generation who want to achieve this American Dream. At a time, Mr. Speaker, when children and Dreamers are being leveraged to ram shortsighted and ineffective immigration reform through Congress, let us pause. Let’s step back. Let’s think about what our country stands for, our common bonds and our values. I call on all of us to come together to reflect that. Let us commemorate American Heritage Month with something real. The Fourth of July is next week. We celebrate our country. We come together in a patriotic fashion, remembering what has made America great. Part of what has made America great is generations of folks coming from all over the world, wanting to live this dream. We must reject that immigration policy being forced through the Congress, and we must come together to fix our broken immigration system with real, bipartisan reform that provides longterm solutions while respecting the dignity and humanity of all people who are part of this American Dream. As we celebrate the Fourth of July next week, let us never forget that our common values and our bonds are far stronger than whatever differences we may have. 
LAMPETERSTRASBURG SOFTBALL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of the LampeterStrasburg High School women’s softball team located in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, that recently reached the pinnacle of its sport by winning the State championship. I am especially proud, Mr. Speaker, of this win because this is the school in my home school district where my family and I reside. The LampeterStrasburg Pioneers beat West Allegheny on Thursday, June 14, to claim its firstever PIAA 5A softball State championship. After losing by a slim margin 2 years ago, the Pioneers overcame adversity and returned to the State finals this year to win 6–2. The team’s 14–3 win over Donegal—which won last year’s 5A State championship title—in the Lancaster Lebanon section 3 playoff is further evidence of its success during the postseason. I spoke to Coach Gene Charles last night by phone. He credited the victory to the team’s clutch hitting and key defensive stops later in the game. Coach Charles has coached at LampeterStrasburg for more than 20 years, building an extensive network of active alumni who frequently travel to games with his family. We are lucky to have leaders and mentors in our district like Coach Charles who inspire our student athletes to strive for success and to learn from failure. Junior Brynne Baker also pitched a noteworthy game, holding the opposing team to just one earned run. In her postgame interview, Baker said this was a huge win for the team, especially the graduating seniors, and a proud moment for the Lancasterbased community. Congratulations to all the players, coaches, their families, and all those who made this championship for LampeterStrasburg possible. Your community is proud of you and will continue rooting for you season after season. 
MASS TRANSIT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, there is a recent article in The New York Times about the Koch brothers and its stealth campaign to try to attack mass transit projects around the country. It was disturbing on several levels. First and foremost, it is misguided in terms of the economic impact. Mr. Speaker, it is clear that there is $4 of economic activity generated for every $1 that is invested in transit. It increases business sales, and it results in higher real estate values and jobs created. It is important to note that, right now, we have a road system that is heavily subsidized by the general fund. The road user charge has long since failed to pay for it. We have had to transfer $140 billion just to keep the failing Surface Transportation Program afloat. The Koch brothers argue, through their organization, that American cities really don’t have the population density to support mass transit systems. That is false. It is clear that there are some very dense systems serving Chicago and New York, but there are very successful programs in Phoenix and Houston with much lower density that are providing essential services. It is important to remember who gets that service, because transit is much less expensive for men and women to be able to have access to jobs and employment. The average vehicle costs almost $10,000 a year to operate. In most families, it is the number two item in the family budget after housing. For many poor people, transportation is actually ahead of housing. Transit provides access to jobs, so that people don’t have to spend 42 hours a year trapped in traffic behind the wheel of a vehicle, as happens on average. The notion that somehow we are going to be forced to look at a lack of density, well, communities across the country in the metropolitan areas are getting more and more dense. They are attracting young people, retired people, and more economic activity in the 49 largest metropolitan areas around the country. In those areas, transit is the most cost effective and environmentally sensitive way of providing that service, to say nothing of the fact that we kill almost 40,000 people a year on our roadways. Transit is amazingly safe by comparison. One of the most disingenuous arguments is that transportation programs for mass transit are bad because they promote gentrification of our cities. Look at that argument for a moment. One of the things that is happening in cities across the country is that there is a new urban renaissance. Young millennials are moving back to the cities. Those are the engines of the economy. Aging baby boomers are finding it much more attractive to move into those urban cores than to be isolated out in the suburbs with a largelot subdivision and forcing people to burn a gallon of gas to buy a gallon of milk. Those urban areas are our future. Not everybody is going to do it, but the majority of people are. We ought to be investing in transportation systems for our future, not undermining them by limiting investments to transportation of the past. We are in the process of a rapid revolution in transportation technology and people’s approaches. More and more young people, actually, are choosing not to buy a car, which sits idle about 22
1⁄2hours a day and is very expensive. They are instead choosing transit, rideshare, bikeshare, and being able to have transportation when they need it—Lyft and Uber—without having an anchor of an individual car bearing down on them. Frankly, gentrification is a function of how we plan and develop our cities. That ought to be an invitation to think about how to do it better, as many cities are doing now, not to undermine progress by assaulting transit. 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, it has been more than a year since the House of Representatives unanimously approved the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. I am proud to see that, this week, the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee will consider career and technical education legislation. It is welcome news that this important topic will be examined by our congressional colleagues in the United States Senate. Career and technical education, or CTE, has helped countless men and women acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to compete in the workforce. By empowering State and local leaders, improving alignment with indemand jobs, increasing transparency and accountability, and ensuring a limited Federal role, we can modernize and strengthen career and technical education and help more individuals build successful and fulfilling careers. b1030 Career and technical education can help restore rungs on the ladder of opportunity. All Americans deserve a goodpaying, familysustaining job, and they might just need some new skills to get one. America is still facing a widening skills gap that puts our workforce at a disadvantage to succeed in a 21st century economy. Today, there are an estimated 6.7 million jobs that are open and available in the United States. While companies across the country have openings for highpaying jobs, and are anxious to hire, many workers lack the skills and adequate education needed to qualify and compete for these jobs, Mr. Speaker. We have also seen students pushed down the collegeforall pathway. That just doesn’t work for some students. There are many different pathways to success and life in this country. One of the biggest challenges facing career and technical education is the stigma associated with it. Through the years, we have seen wrongheaded claims that students involved in the trades lacked ambition. Those misplaced assumptions are slowly subsiding, but not soon enough. CTE has established itself as a path that many highachieving students choose in pursuit of industry certifications and handson skills they can use right out of high school, in skills based education programs or in college. By modernizing the Federal investment in career and technical education programs, we will be able to connect more educators with industry stakeholders and close the skills gap in this country. There are good jobs out there, but people need to be qualified to get them. I remain dedicated to working with my colleagues in the Senate on this effort. All education is career education and every American deserves a fair shot at learning the right skills to obtain a goodpaying job. 
WARRIORS TO WASHINGTON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Warriors to Washington, a praiseworthy nonprofit organization from Erie County, Pennsylvania. Founded in 2013, Warriors to Washington was created to honor veterans from the northwest Pennsylvania region who were deployed and served our Nation in the Armed Forces as a result of the attacks on 9/11 by taking them to historical and national sites in Washington, D.C. Warriors to Washington raises money to fund an annual trip to Washington, D.C., by which post9/11 veterans are treated to an allexpensepaid experience, which includes visits to Arlington National Cemetery, the Vietnam Memorial, the World War II Memorial, the Flight 93 Memorial Park, and many other sites of national significance. Warriors to Washington focuses on camaraderie and connection, while providing all attendees with a rewarding experience. The founder and president of Warriors to Washington, Joe Pfadt, believes it is important to give this opportunity to those who enlist and risk everything for our freedom. 
Joe Pfadt is a retired U.S. Army veteran himself, and has been invigorated by giving back to our most recent veterans. He stresses the significance of visiting our Nation’s Capital and seeing the very documents that every service person swears to defend: the U.S. Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. Each year, the Warriors to Washington trip grows and evolves, continuously adapting to support the community and always striving to benefit as many veterans as possible. I am overjoyed to see members of my constituency stepping up to empower our veterans, and I am pleased to recognize the Warriors to Washington organization, which I am proud to say was founded in my district. I ask my fellow colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in saluting the unwavering dedication of Warriors to Washington and all those who are involved in their admirable efforts to serve our veterans. 
DECORUM AND CIVILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak a little about decorum and civility. Here in Washington, D.C., we have a lack of it, it seems, and it is spreading all over. We are seeing it in the news. We are seeing a lot of it happen right here in this building. Just a few days ago, an intern on the Senate side decided it would somehow be good or proper to make obscene comments as the President was walking around in the building. That intern received only a slap on the wrist for doing so. We see it happening inside this Chamber in several ways. It is in something as simple as the 1minute speeches we have in this Chamber each day. Members frequently blow through that time up to 80, 90 seconds before finally being gaveled down. House rules are supposed to mean something. Sometimes in those speeches, even though they know it is against House rules, Members are disparaging individuals, calling them out by name, only to be gaveled after the speech is over with, instead of during, to stop that bad behavior. About 2 years ago in June, we even had a sitin that occurred in this Chamber in a big part of this side of the room over here; a sitin where bootleg videos were being sent out and C–SPAN broadcast them, outside of the House rules, because one particular group felt like their voice needed to be heard, even outside of the rules, instead of working within the process the American people sent us here to do. Very disappointing. Then, just last week, one of our Members decided that they wanted to play a tape recording that came allegedly from inside one of the detention centers along the border, outside of clear decorum of House rules. The Member was repeatedly told it was outside the rules. Yet that recording went on for at least 31⁄2minutes, disrespecting this institution, disrespecting what the people sent us here to do. We need to have enforcement of these rules. They need to be stronger. We need to empower the Speaker and the Chair to enforce the rules. When it is time, shut off the mike. It goes against the grain of what the American people sent us here for in the over 200 years of this institution. Outside of this room we have Members of this body actually publicly calling for intimidation and harassment of fellow workers in government, whether it is in the Cabinet or fellow Members of this body. What have we come to as a country when that behavior is called for by elected Members of this body? What have we come to? We have seen it on the streets after the election and after the inauguration of this President, with Antifa and other groups claiming to be the voice of, I don’t know who. Certainly, it isn’t the voice of the people, hiding behind masks, hiding their identity, and causing wanton destruction. When words like this come from people elected as a part of this body, that just fuels the fire, not only for bad behavior and disrespect for people who are doing their jobs, maybe with a different opinion from others, but respectfully doing their jobs; harassing them in restaurants or in markets, at the gas station, or wherever it is going to be; it is completely out of line. I do not know where we are going as a country when our elected officials are calling for that kind of bad behavior. So what are we going to do about it? A lot of what drives this is what the people think, when the people demand that their elected leaders ratchet up their behavior to be just a little bit better. You don’t have an institution here when there are no rules, no order, no function. Instead, you have chaos. You can’t get anything done around here, or anywhere else—even something as simple as a board game—if people are not following the rules. All that breeds is more misbehavior and more rule breaking. There are a lot of people across this country who feel like that with the government out of control, legislation out of control, rules are for suckers. Why should they play when no one else is; when our borders aren’t enforced; when laws on the books aren’t enforced; and they see people being given rewards, whether the benefits of citizenship or just as simple as running this House Chamber. It is very discouraging and disappointing to the American public. This institution is a much older and much more hallowed place than any one of us will ever walk through for whatever time we are bestowed the opportunity to serve people in our respective districts 2 years at a time. So it is high time that we have the rules in place, and that they are enforced, but also to look inwardly at ourselves as Members of this body to uphold the rules, the integrity of this institution. 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, Friday marked 6 months since the tax reform bill was signed into law. Since that time, we have seen increased paychecks, greater investment, and new job opportunities across the country. My colleagues and I on the House Ways and Means Committee talked about how best to overhaul our Tax Code. Our goal was always the same: to get our economy booming again. In Washington State, where I am from, we are already seeing this boom and the positive impacts of tax reform: employee bonuses, savings on utilities, increased wages, and 401(k) matches. They are people like a young woman in Seattle, for example, who was able to afford a new car, thanks to some extra money in her paycheck each month; or, the mother from Woodinville, Washington, who has been helping her son, daughterinlaw, and grandchild make ends meet while they were living paycheck to paycheck. With tax reform, her son is now taking home more money, which helps them provide for their family much easier. Tax reform is not only resulting in more takehome pay, but it is making a difference in the workplace, too. Companies are creating new retail and manufacturing jobs and increasing wages and benefits. The Boeing Company is increasing investments in workforce development, facilities and infrastructure improvements for employees, and charitable giving. But it is not just the employees of big companies who are seeing the benefits. Our local, familyowned businesses are seeing lots of good come from this new Tax Code. Another example is a delivery driver from Kent, Washington, who works for one of these small, local companies. He shared that just 2 weeks after the tax reform bill passed, his boss gave everyone in that company a raise. These are encouraging stories from real people living real lives across Washington State. They are hardworking people who see substantial benefits, thanks to tax reform. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to change topics just for a moment, if I can, and address an issue that is invading all across the country and our communities. I was in law enforcement for 33 years before I came to Congress, and my job 
was to keep people safe and bring people together. I see that as my job here in Congress. This is my 14th and last year. I am not running for reelection. Some people in this body call themselves leaders. A title does not make you a leader, Mr. Speaker. It is the actions that make you a leader. I believe that true leaders lead from the heart. I believe that leaders have the heart of a servant. I believe that when I got elected to this office, my job was to serve the people of the Eighth District of Washington and to put their needs before my needs. Mr. KELLY here and I are friends. He comes to work every day putting my needs before his. I do the same. We formed a friendship, a bond, and we want to be honest with each other. Honesty is okay. But honesty is a moment in time. We need integrity and consistent honesty. Servanthood and integrity is what this country should be built upon, that is what leaders are, not calling for each one of us to say, you are not welcome here anytime, anyplace, anywhere. That is not leadership. That is division. Leadership, heart of the servant, integrity. That creates a team that we all want to be a part of. That gives this country the opportunity to be the leader of the world. You can each do that across this country, Mr. Speaker—we can all do that—by being leaders in our community. Beginning in the White House. Beginning from that Oval Office, speak with civility. Beginning here in Congress, speak with civility. If you are a member of a State legislature, speak with civility. Serve with the heart of a servant. Mr. Speaker, it is simple: respect and love your neighbor. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NETHERCUTT. Mr. Speaker, former colleagues, ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank you, Cliff, for the opportunity to make some remarks on a topic that is incredibly important and is near and dear to my heart: our Nation’s woeful attitude toward civic education. FMC, its board, and its staff are as concerned as I am when it comes to the civic knowledge—or, more specifically, the lack of civic knowledge—that is exhibited by many of our fellow citizens, particularly the young. We as an organization have made restoring civic education one of the cornerstones of our mission and strategic plan. I am, therefore, honored to be back in this Chamber representing FMC in describing our new initiative to restore and renew the essential civic mission of our Nation’s schools. Civic education, simply defined, is the act of providing the essential civic knowledge of how our system of government operates at all levels and the critical role all citizens play in our representative democracy. Civic education provides our youth with the civic skills they need to effectively engage in civic affairs and civic education to help youth develop a disposition to participate in the civic life of our communities, their State, and our Nation. This is the historic civic mission of our Nation’s schools, a mission nearly as old as our Republic. How well are we as a nation meeting this critical mission? By any objective measure, not well. If I were to grade us as a nation in meeting this important task, I would have to give us a Cminus or a D. On the only reliable national measure of student attainment of civic knowledge, the National Assessments of Educational Progress in civics, NAEP, scores have been flat for 20 years, with barely a quarter of students able to show a proficient knowledge in this area so critical to our Nation’s future. An overemphasis on the STEM subjects over the past two decades has significantly reduced the instructional time for civics in almost every school. Where most States used to require two to three distinct civics courses, today, most only mandate one, and nine States don’t have any requirements that students take a civics course to graduate from high school. In the elementary grades, instruction in the entirety of the social studies has been reduced to a paltry 18 minutes, a week on average. That is not enough. The results of this neglect of civic education are stark: Nearly twothirds of Americans cannot name all three branches of government, yet three in four people can name the names of all Three Stooges. Only about 29 percent of eligible Americans participated in the 2016 primary elections. Americans distrust the government at record levels, and they also distrust their fellow citizens to participate in governance. According to The Pew Research Center: ‘‘Just 34 percent say they have ‘very great’ or a ‘good deal’ of trust and confidence in the political wisdom of the American people. Fully, 63 percent have ‘not very much’ confidence or ‘no confidence at all.’’’ That is also a bad statistic. And most alarming, in a 2016 survey, nearly a quarter of young Americans said they think that a democratic form of government is bad or very bad. That is also a terrible statistic. These are among the many reasons FMC has partnered with the Lou Frey Institute of Politics and Government at the University of Central Florida— and Doug Dobson is here—and the Campaign for the Civic Mission of Schools—Ted McConnell is here, and they both head up these efforts—to strengthen and improve civic education for all students in every school in the Nation. Yesterday, I had the pleasure of moderating a panel focused on civics during the FMC’s annual meeting. Many of you were in attendance, and I thank you for participating in this incredibly important dialogue. We brought together some of the leaders in this space, all of whom represent outstanding organizations with which FMC seeks to partner as we engage former Members for our civics cause. One of the things we certainly learned during the panel discussion is that today’s definition of civic education is no longer the one our grandparents or our parents used. We need to think about civics in broader terms and include in civics education ways to find factbased information, ways to discern fact from fiction, fake news from real news, and also ways to have productive and respectful debates on the issues that concern all of us—civility, if you will. I want to thank our outstanding panelists for their insight and thought provoking analysis. The panel included Beth Caron of the National Governors Association; Louise Dube, who is the executive director of iCivics, Justice O’Connor’s organization, former Supreme Court Justice O’Connor; from the Library of Congress, we had Colleen Shogan, who is doing fascinating research on Congress and social media; and my old friend, my dear friend, Ted McConnell, who has spent much of his professional life fighting the good fight when it comes to restoring civic education across the Nation. Thanks, Ted. As I said earlier, FMC seeks to play a crucial leadership role when it comes to strengthening civic education in the United States. We already have a long and proud track record of connecting the next generation with their representative democracy through our wonderful Congress to Campus program. It is a great program. Our bipartisan teams reach thousands of students throughout the year, and students is the place where civic education can best be found and emphasized. But this work has proven to be not enough. FMC needs to double, if not triple, its efforts on this issue, and we need former Members in all parts of the Nation representing all different political persuasions to step up to the plate and lend us their time, their expertise, and their leadership. FMC has commenced the American Democracy and Civics Initiative, which will continue to build upon the success of Congress to Campus and expand that model to other audiences, both student and adult. In addition, through this program, we will host Capitol Hill events to engage current Members on this issue and also to send to different parts of the country bipartisan congressional delegations which will meet with a wide variety of voter groups. This will be a combined former Member and current Member effort, and I thank Representatives JOEKENNEDY  from Massachusetts and RODNEY DAVIS from Illinois for agreeing to cochair this project here in the House. Our vision also includes creating an ongoing program that will bring civics teachers from across the country to Washington, D.C., for a total immersion experience to learn about Congress and its role visavis the judiciary and the executive branches. And most importantly, we are actively recruiting former Members from both parties to take a leadership role in their communities and States, to work with local NGOs that need their help, and to be a resource to State legislatures as they seek to strengthen their civic education requirements. It is incredibly important. That is why we had the National Governors Association there yesterday to talk about this effort. Former Members of Congress can play a significant role in restoring the essential civic mission of our schools. Former Congressman Lou Frey and former Senator Bob Graham teamed up to pass legislation in Florida that is revolutionizing middle school civics and serves as a model for all the States thanks to Doug Dobson. These are strong campaigns for more and better civics in a number of States. Former Members can and are engaging in these efforts, lending their expertise, contacts that they have, and time. In States where there is currently no active effort to improve civic education, former Members can start one— 
that is up to you all—working with civic education and civic engagement organizations. Former Members can and should visit schools to offer real life civics lessons to students. These students rely on former Members. They have a great reputation, and the former Members can provide assistance to these students. Former Members can help teachers better understand the legislative process, too, so they can teach about the legislative branch with more confidence. Former Members can use their ‘‘bully pulpit’’ to issue public calls for more and better civic learning through opeds and interviews. I have done it. It is easy to do. Papers will accept your submissions. Following this presentation, we will be having a reception where leaders from the Lou Frey Institute and the Campaign for the Civic Mission of Schools, Doug Dobson and Ted McConnell, will be on hand to provide more information on how former Members can get engaged in their States. I hope that all of you will join us for this reception, learn more about the productive role that former Members can play, and sign up for the cause. We all remember Benjamin Franklin’s charge to each generation at the close of the Constitutional Convention in 1787. He said to a woman who asked him: Mr. Franklin, what have you created? He said: A democracy, Madam, if you can keep it. And it is up to all of us to keep this Republic. Providing effective civic education to each generation is an essential part of keeping Dr. Franklin’s charge. We have to provide that. And so it is up to each of us to keep and renew and pass along this greatest experience in selfgovernance in the history of mankind. Please join us within this crusade. Cliff has asked me to yield some of my time to Charles Boustany from Louisiana to share with the membership an update on our international work, which I will gladly do. I thank you very much for your time and your attention, and I now yield the floor to Charles Boustany. Mr. BOUSTANY. Ladies and gentlemen, more than 40 years ago, our colleagues, led by Lee Hamilton, realized that our organization offered a very unique resource to those who still serve our country in this Capitol, on this floor, and in the United States Senate. We could bring the institutional memory and the understanding of a Member of Congress regarding this country’s foreign policy decisions that would not be limited or beholden to the idea of focussing on the next election. That is the focus of our congressional study groups. Many of us have often heard the expression, and I think it is attributed to Arthur Vandenberg, that ‘‘politics stops at the water’s edge.’’ Unfortunately, for too many who serve in Congress, interest and curiosity about our national policies and priorities also ends as the waters lap our shores. We have long felt protected by the oceans that define our hemisphere. For some Members, that has created the luxury of a focus solely on domestic policies. Information, real information, about our neighbors, our allies, and the billions who live outside our Nation comes from gut instinct or old beliefs. FMC decided, those many decades ago now, that this is not acceptable. We created the Congressional Study Group on Germany, which was followed by a group focused on Japan, then one on Europe, and finally, this past year, the Congressional Study Group on Korea, which was received with great fanfare. We sought to leverage the experience and networks created by former Members to provide a nonpartisan, nonadvocacy resource for active Members and staff in Congress. Small, informal programs on Capitol Hill and travel opportunities bring the realities of these countries, and our relationships with them as Americans, into relief. We also introduce Members and staff to their peers overseas. FMC understands that, more than anything, meeting facetoface with our partners overseas to face global problems and having a persontoperson, legislatortolegislator discussion can result in a solution to more of the challenges we face than any other factor. The bottom line is it always comes down to personal relationships. I would like to share a little bit about what each of our congressional study groups have done this year and what we will do in coming months both to advance this mutual understanding and to advance the strategic goals of FMC. The Congressional Study Group on Germany is, of course, our oldest study group. This year, elections were held at a time when Germany became even more critical to a rapidly changing Europe, and we heard a little bit about this yesterday. It was into this dynamic atmosphere that FMC sent several delegations in the past year. This year, travel focused on much of the northern and eastern portions of Germany. In October of 2017, bipartisan chiefs of staff from offices of the House traveled to Berlin and Frankfurt. Meeting with government officials, journalists, civil society, and students, they learned about the challenges facing modern Germany and the mutual challenges faced by the United States and Germany. In April of this year, the Congressional Study Group on Germany continued outreach to a previously underutilized part of the congressional family: district directors. A bipartisan group of district directors traveled with FMC to Berlin and Leipzig, learning about lessons about workforce development revolutions sweeping through Germany that could have immediate impacts here in the United States. The past year, of course, was full of turmoil in the Pacific as well, resulting in substantial Capitol Hill programming conducted by the Congressional Study Group on Japan. As concerned about China and the future of American trade in the region continued to mount, FMC hosted several bipartisan discussions on the TPP–11, tariffs, and other potential trade issues affecting the region. Ambassadors from both Canada and Mexico spoke at a dinner for Members of Congress about trade and the importance of multilateral trade agreements. It was the first time that those two leaders had appeared together, speaking to Members, at a single event. Within the last month, more than a dozen chiefs of staff, district directors, and State directors from the House and Senate, on a bipartisan basis, traveled to Japan to meet with government officials, including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s personal speechwriter. They had a unique opportunity to visit the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant, learning more about the cleanup that is occurring, and the gratitude felt by the Japanese in the region toward America’s response to this disaster. FMC continued the cornerstone foreign travel program of the Study Group on Japan, sending our two co chairs, Congresswoman DIANA DEGETTE  and Congressman BILLY LONG, to Japan with a bipartisan delegation that met with Prime Minister Abe during the Korean Summer Olympics. Members discussed the Korean Peninsula and the continued focus on transPacific trade before visiting American servicemen and women at the Yokosuka Naval Base. Our engagement with Europe during that study group has also focused on some of the tremendous changes occurring on the continent and in the United Kingdom. As Brexit comes closer to reality and the swing toward rightwing politics continues its spread throughout both Eastern and Western Europe, the Study Group on Europe focused on ensuring the congressional family has a full understanding of the challenges facing our allies, Russia, and all the countries in the region. Six Members of Congress visited Switzerland toward the end of last year, meeting with the President of the Swiss Federation and touring several facilities in Switzerland that have created incredible job training programs, including Nestle, whose work with apprenticeships has become one of the gold standards in the industry. Our outreach to Europe has also continued through the study groups’ Diplomatic Advisory Council, a group of more than three dozen Embassies and Ambassadors who have agreed to serve as a sounding board for FMC events, attend programming, and to open their doors to events hosted for the congressional family. That council has been expanded in the past year, and we will continue to work to make certain we 
are engaging with as many nations as possible. Finally, the Congressional Study Group on Korea was launched this year, beginning with a very large reception on Capitol Hill attended by more than 100 staff and Members of Congress. That rollout was followed by the recruitment of more than two dozen Members of Congress and seven new members of the Business Advisory Council, whose members are anxious to support programming focused on the Korean Peninsula and its role in Asia. Earlier this year, a fivemember team traveled to meet President Moon and to tour Korea production facilities. The members were the first American Government officials to travel to the region following the historic summit at Panmunjom between the leaders of North Korea and South Korea. In the coming weeks and months, we will focus on creating programming that targets not only the ‘‘news of the day’’ events, but on creating an understanding of longer term issues that define the relationship between the United States and our foreign allies. Mr. FROST. I would ask that the gentleman suspend for just a moment. I know he is near the end of his report. We have been joined by the Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I don’t want to cut him off. Mr. FROST. He will come back. We have been joined by the Speaker of the House, Speaker RYAN. I don’t know how busy your schedule is, Mr. Speaker. I know you have a lot of demands on your time. I will let Charles finish, and then we will call you up. Charles, go ahead. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, my good friend, welcome. Great to see you. As we work to highlight and emphasize the FMC brand, a farreaching effort on social media will better utilize the relationships we have developed on Capitol Hill, at Embassies, in the business communities, and in foreign nations alongside the efforts of our former Members. As with the rest of FMC, the future of the congressional study groups are strong and vibrant. I look forward to watching the incredible programming and travel opportunities that they provide to continue the goal set by our Members and Lee Hamilton back in 1970, to truly create an effective, bipartisan avenue for impactful legislative and knowledge exchange between the congressional family and our friends and allies abroad. I appreciate the opportunity to make these remarks. It is my understanding that we have some membership business to accomplish, and, therefore, I will yield back to our president, Mr. Stearns from Florida. And again, Mr. Speaker, a real pleasure to see you again. Mr. FROST. Thank you, Charles. It is my privilege, at this point, to recognize the Speaker of the House, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), who will be joining the ranks of the former Members at the end of this year. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Why do you think I am smiling all time? I just wanted to come and say I am really excited about joining your freshman class next year with SAMJOHNSON , TOMROONEY , JEBHENSARLING , ILEANA  ROSLEHTINEN . There is a number of us who will be joining the freshman class. This is my 20th year serving here. I have learned, 20 years with three teenagers at home, sometimes you have just got to make the right decision for the right reasons, and I am very comfortable with the decision I have made because I did it for the right reasons. And so I look forward to that next chapter. I look forward to reaching out to some of you, people I have known a long time, about how that next chapter looks. I just want to say one thing. You don’t take Bears fans; right? Because I don’t want to join any Chicago Bears fans in this thing. I see Jerry Weller over there. So we have got some pretty big rivalries that we have had throughout the years. You turn on the TV and you think it is nothing but a snake pit and it is nothing but just vitriol. We just passed about 70 opioid bills that we bundled together, massive bipartisan vote; WRRDA, massive bipartisan vote; FAA, massive bipartisan vote. So about 80 percent of what we do through here, we are running, on average, about 350 votes for. So, believe it or not, there is a lot that is getting done. We have passed about 800 bills, this session, of the House. It is a pretty big pace. That place over there has got about 550 of those bills stacked on top of them. Two hundred bills have received around 400 votes in the House. So we are pleased that they are staying in August to kind of work on this list, but there are a great deal of things that we have been able to get out of here on big issues, whether it is defense, national security, veterans, basic health research, opioid epidemics, that really are bipartisan. And then we do have the partisan issues, whether it is tax policy or welfare reform on the farm bill. Those things are, more or less, partisan, but the place is working. That is the point I want to leave you with. The place is working, does work, and this new social media, cable TV ratings chase age we are in, it is a different system. We are going to have to figure out how to navigate this system. We are going to have to figure out how to make sure the body politic in our Republic and our sense of civility still lasts and persists in this system. We are in this strange, unchartered territory right now. So I look forward, frankly, to thinking about those issues and how to overcome those when I have a little time to think when I am out of here. But the one thing I do think former Members could be really helpful in is trying to figure out how do we still keep that sense of unity and civility with big differences of philosophical and idealogical opinions while moving the country forward. That is something we are all going to have to think about in this new sort of digital 21st century age we find ourselves in. That is one thing I actually look forward to thinking about when I am done with this. So I just wanted to come and say welcome. I am happy to answer a few questions. I have got to open Conference at 9, so I have got a few minutes. Mr. FROST. Does anyone have any questions for the Speaker? Mr. STEARNS. Mr. Speaker, I just commend you for this. What you are indicating is this place is working, and I think the problem is out there in America, at least through mainstream media. It does appear to be working, and I think it is because of your leadership. And so we welcome you as a former Member, eventually, to be part of our process, which our mission is to create civility and, at the same time, to show how important it is that Congress work together. So we thank you very much for all you have done, and we look forward to working with you when you leave Congress. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Thank you, Cliff. Mr. FROST. Any other questions? Mr. WALSH. Can I just offer, a great Democrat Hubert Humphrey said a long time ago that he who throws mud loses ground, and if we could somehow get Members of Congress to think about that in relation to this institution. I don’t know how you do it. Maybe it is something you think about when you have more time. But instead of running against the institution, which drags everybody down, including the country, build it up, focus on the positive things, as you have, but don’t tear the institution down, because we are all less for it. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Yes. I have thought about this a bit. I think results will ultimately matter, not the acrimony in between, but actually achieving results. And I think the kind of anxiety we have in the country, which is exploited by both fringes from both sides, can be reduced a bit if we have reduced economic anxiety in the country. We are beginning to reduce economic anxiety in the country. Getting the military rebuilt and veterans fixed will help us reduce national security anxiety. But reducing anxiety means we sort of take away the oxygen that gives a lot of breathing room and life to preying on that anxiety, and it happens on all sides this day. Tim. Mr. MURPHY. PAUL, I thank the House and your leadership for moving so many bills dealing with the opioid 
problem that are both life changing and life saving. It is rare that so much is done in this Chamber, that to think about the 60 plus thousand, maybe 100,000 lives lost every year by this, it is clearly something that is going to save massive numbers of people. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I think, because we did CARA, which was 2015, we put dollars and resources out in the communities at the county level, for the most part. Then we got a lot of feedback and learned a lot of lessons, and then your committee did a lot of research on pharma and pharmaceuticals and all of that, and prescriptions, which gave us the result of, I think it is, 48 bills. I am going off the top of my head. Because of the way the Senate works, we realized we are just going to have to package all of this stuff, put it in one big bill, H.R. 6, send it over there so they can just take it in a slug, because there is no way they could process all that legislation. So it was a really big effort, and I believe they are going to get that through. I think they will get through a couple of our infrastructure bills. What is really interesting—and I am going off your topic—is this appropriations process is broken. Some of you are former appropriators. I don’t think there will ever be a day where the Senate can process 12 appropriation bills. I just don’t think they will never do it. So we had the Joint Select Committee redesign the budget process. It is bicameral and bipartisan. I am very hopeful that they can produce a new process. I think biennial is probably a pretty smart way to go, maybe split the appropriations in half, six this year, six the next year, due in 2 years, something like that, because we are just doing CRs and omnis, and that is not good. But this year, I think we might get three to six appropriation bills in law before the fiscal year, knock on wood. So we haven’t done that since we have been in the majority. We passed, like, two 3 years ago. Yes, Phil. Mr. GINGREY. Mr. Speaker, PAUL, I would just like to say that I think a great part of the legacy of your Speakership has been showing civility and character, and I truly mean that. I think everybody in this Chamber would agree with that. We applaud you for that. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Thank you. I appreciate that. Thank you. Mr. FROST. The gentleman from Tennessee has a brief comment, because the Speaker has to go. Mr. CLEMENT. I am Bob Clement. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Oh, yes, I remember you, Bob. You got new glasses. I didn’t recognize you at first. Good to see you. Mr. CLEMENT. I think you have done a great job, too, and I know you have got a tough job, but I did want to ask you about the committee process. Are we, more and more, going around the committee process to make decisions? Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Not really. The authorizing committee process works pretty well. We do suspensions fairly often. The minority gets one, we get two, you know, out of the deal, and those are only signed off by committees of jurisdiction. It is the appropriation committee’s work that has basically been circumvented because we have omnibuses and CRs. The authorizing committees do work. The Energy and Commerce Committee, they are the ones in charge, with Ways and Means, of all these opioid bills. Ways and Means did the tax bill. Every big bill, FAA, WRRDA, Transportation marked it up, brought it to the floor. So that committee process is working. The authorizing committee process totally, absolutely, fundamentally does work. Appropriations is broken, and it is not because of the Appropriations Committee. It is, honestly, when it takes 60 votes to do anything over there, you don’t do anything. Last year, we passed all 12 bills before the fiscal year, but they just piled up, and I just don’t think we are ever going to do 12 bills, 12 conference reports, all of that done before the fiscal year. In this day and age, we spend all our time doing that and then do it all over again next year. So I think we need a new appropriating system, and that is, hopefully, what this committee we created in the omni will come up with. It is a bicameral and bipartisan joint select committee, and we want them to bring the results after the election so it is not politicized. Mr. FROST. Mr. Speaker, thank you for your time and for your service. We need to let you get on to your meeting of your Conference. Thank you very much for being with us. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Keep me on the schedule. Good to see you, guys and gals. Thank you. Mr. STEARNS. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much for your time. Mr. Stearns. Mr. STEARNS. I want to thank George and Charles for their report and for their outstanding leadership for these very important former Members of the Congress programs, and we appreciate very much what you do. Normally, at this juncture in our report, I highlight each of the former Members’ staff members, briefly describe their areas of responsibility and perhaps add a personal note, but since I worked so closely with each of them over the past couple of years, I cannot do that this year simply because our team has grown so much larger. There is just not enough time anymore to do that. In our written report, which will be submitted into the RECORD , you will find their names and the tremendous contribution each and every one of them has made. However, I do want to highlight two names. First, our CEO, Pete Weichlein, as you may know, he has been with the former Members of Congress in various positions since 1999, which means in just a couple of months, he will celebrate his 20year anniversary with us. When he became CEO in 2003, the staff consisted of him and an unpaid intern—incredible. There was enough money in the bank for a couple of Capitol Hill programs and 3 or 4 months of rent and payroll. An active year with FMC consisted of five Congress to Campus visits plus some lunches focusing on Germany. We now have a team of 12 professionals conducting over almost 90 events over the past year involving huge constituencies, and we enjoy a huge amount of financial security that could see us through some rainy days if need be. He has turned this organization around, and we are very, very lucky to have Pete. The other staff member I want to a salute is our chief operating officer, Sabine Schleidt. She joined FMC over 7 years ago and has been the driving force behind so much of our tremendous growth and success, particularly with the Statesmanship dinner. Originally, her focus was on the congressional study groups, where she translated the success of the Germany model to new study groups, for example, the Korea program you have heard about several times. She is a tremendous fundraiser. She has mentored our staff of young professionals. And in her new role as chief operating officer, she will take a much more active part in implementing FMC’s vision and mission beyond the international work. FMC is in very good hands, and thanks to her and Pete for their outstanding work. So Sabine, thank you. My colleagues, at this point, let me also recognize two guests from overseas who have joined our annual meeting. As you well know, one of the closest relationships FMC enjoys is with our sister organization in Brussels, the Association of Former Members of the European Parliament. They have sent their newly elected vice president, Jan Willem Bertens, to join us, and we are so honored by his presence. Jan, welcome. In addition, all the way from Nepal and the former Members Association of that country is Alok Dahal. While he, himself, is not a former parliamentarian, his father is, and therefore, we are thrilled to have him here in D.C. with us representing his country and his country’s former Members group. Thank you both for joining us today. Every year at our annual meeting, we ask the membership to elect new officers and board members. I, therefore, will now read to you the names of the candidates for board members and officers. They are running unopposed; and I therefore will ask for a simple ‘‘yea’’ or ‘‘nay’’ as I present to you the list of candidates as a slate. For the Association’s Board of Directors Class of 2018, the candidates are: 
Mary Bono of California Charles Boustany of Louisiana Tom Davis of Virginia Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania Vic Fazio of California Martin Frost of Texas Bart Gordon of Tennessee David Skaggs of Colorado Cliff Stearns of Florida and Albert Wynn of Maryland. All in favor of electing these 10 former Members to our board of directors, please say ‘‘yea.’’ Any opposed? Mr. FROST. Hearing no opposition, the slate has been elected by the membership. Mr. STEARNS. Next, we will elect our Executive Committee. I automatically join the Executive Committee in my capacity as past president. The secretary and treasurer are each elected to a 1year term, with eligibility for another 1year term. The candidates for our executive committee are: Ann Marie Buerkle of New York for treasurer. L.F. Payne of Virginia for secretary. All in favor of electing these two former Members to FMC’s Executive Committee, please say ‘‘yea.’’ Any opposed? Mr. FROST. Hearing no opposition, the slate has been elected by the membership. Mr. STEARNS. The president and vice president each serve a 2year term and are termlimited to a single term. The candidates are: For vice president, Charles Boustany of Louisiana. For president, Martin Frost of Texas. All in favor of electing these two former Members to our Executive Committee as president and vice president, please say ‘‘yea.’’ Any opposition? Mr. FROST. Hearing no opposition, the slate is elected. Mr. STEARNS. Mr. Frost and Mr. Boustany have been elected president and vice president of FMC. Congratulations to you both. Martin, at the risk of having the Speaker’s chair be vacant for a minute, I would like for you to join us here at the rostrum to make some brief comments. Mr. FROST. I don’t know how many of you know the amount of time that Cliff has devoted to this organization. It is very, very impressive. He has a fulltime job and has been an excellent president, has attended many, many of our functions, has taken great interest in everything we do, and from time to time makes comments and suggestions to Pete about how we can do even better, and his comments are always on point and usually followed. So I would like to, at this time, Cliff, present this little token of our appreciation. Hopefully, it will find a place on your desk in your office. Thank you for all you have done for us. Mr. STEARNS. Thank you. Mr. FROST. Now, those of you who know me know that I don’t give long speeches. I do recall when Newt Gingrich became Speaker and he was asked to give his acceptance speech, he spoke for an hour. That was very unusual. Most new Speakers just say: ‘‘Thank you, and I look forward to working with you.’’ You know, there is a time and a place for everything, and in my case, things have all come together, I believe, at the right time for me personally and for this organization. I retired from my law firm about 1
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Dan Spexarth, St. Catherine of Siena Parish, Wichita, Kansas, offered the following prayer: O Lord, our God, we ask You to abundantly bless these dedicated public servants and assist them in their tireless work on behalf of all Americans. Give them clear minds to know Your will and understanding hearts, like King Solomon, to govern this vast people. Fill them with courage and resolve and deep humility. Help them to listen attentively to one another and to work diligently with one another to find solutions to the challenges we face as a Nation. So many have worked so hard for so long. Let them not be dismayed or disheartened. May the Prince of Peace protect the brave men and women of our military, deployed throughout the world. Please watch over their families here at home. We give You praise, O Lord, and we give You thanks for our many blessings, especially our most precious gifts of life and liberty. We pray. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WALDEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING REVEREND DAN SPEXARTH The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I have the great privilege to introduce the House to our guest chaplain, Father Dan Spexarth of Wichita, Kansas. As an ordained minister for more than 30 years, Father Spexarth has served six parishes in our community, including St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church in Wichita since 2008. Father Spexarth was born and raised on a wheat farm near Colwich, Kansas. And after graduating from the seminary, we are fortunate Father Spexarth returned to our community. Father Spexarth has been a tireless servant of God, leading an active parish committed to serving those in need in our community and throughout the world. As Congress addresses many complex issues facing our Nation, I am humbled by the opportunity to host Father Spexarth and thankful that we can join together in prayer for our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in welcoming Father Dan Spexarth, and thank him for offering today’s opening prayer in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to raise an issue that would ‘‘shock the conscience.’’ Those are not my words. Those are the words of a distinguished Federal judge when he refused to sentence two ranchers in my district to 5 years in prison. Judge Hogan looked at the case and he said: That is not right. It would ‘‘shock the conscience.’’ This Friday, the younger of those two ranchers will mark his fourth year in prison for starting a fire—by the way, fire on the range, high desert, is a management tool. They were using it for that purpose. They were tried. They were convicted. They never should have been sentenced to this. The Obama administration came back and resentenced them to 5 years for 139 acres. We burn hundreds of thousands of acres every year. The government starts fires that burn onto private land. Nothing seems to happen. It is time for the President to review this situation and to grant a pardon to Steven and Dwight Hammond, pull them back together with their families. They have served long enough. This is an issue that shocks the conscience. It is time for real justice, and President Trump can administer that. f 
AMERICA IS MEASURED BY GOODNESS AND PASSION (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the communities I represent in Buffalo and western New York have a long, proud tradition of welcoming immigrants and refugees from all over the world. We are a city of good neighbors in a Nation of immigrants. The Trump administration’s imposition of a Muslim travel ban, proposals to build a wall, and egregious policy to terrorize kids and tear families apart appeals to the tribal instincts of the weak and the paranoid among us. Americans respect the rule of law, hard work, and hard truth. We are measured as a Nation by power and strength, certainly, but equally by goodness and compassion. These are the values that made America great again, again, and again. 
CONGRATULATING MIKE EARL SMITH FOR WINNING THE TRIPLE CROWN (Mr. PEARCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, the Triple Crown is one of the most significant achievements in all of sports, but especially in the sport of horse racing. In fact, it is such a rare achievement that only 13 times since 1875 has it been accomplished. This year, Mike Earl Smith, also known as ‘‘Big Money Mike,’’ jockeyed his thoroughbred horse, Justify, to achieve the Triple Crown. Now, the Triple Crown, in order to win it, you must win the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes, and the Belmont Stakes all in the same racing season. And Mike did just that. It was only the second time in the last 40 years that it has occurred. Mike is the oldest jockey to ever win the Triple Crown. He was born in Roswell, New Mexico, and raised on a farm outside of Dexter, New Mexico. He has been racing since age 11. He won his first professional race in 1982 at the Downs at Santa Fe. At one point, he broke his back and returned from that. In 2003, he was inducted into the National Museum of Racing Hall of Fame; in 2013, into the New Mexico Sports Hall of Fame. Winner of nearly 5,500 races, these three this year set Mike into the history books. Congratulations, Mike. 
RECOGNIZING THE FOOD BANK OF EASTERN MICHIGAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the Food Bank of Eastern Michigan, an incredible nonprofit organization in my hometown of Flint that is working to end hunger in the communities across my district. Each year, the food bank distributes more than 28 million pounds of food through 22 counties. In addition to providing that assistance, the food bank is doing important work to study poverty in America. It is clear through their work that the way we measure poverty in America doesn’t give us the full picture. The way we look at poverty is incomplete. Many families in Michigan technically are above the Federal poverty level, but those families struggle to meet their basic needs, like a roof over their head, enough food on the table, and paying their utility bills. Congress has to do more to end poverty in this country. Instead of cutting childcare programs, healthcare, and ending tax incentives like the Earned Income Tax Credit, let’s help families be selfsufficient. Let’s focus on creating good jobs, raising their wages, supporting families with income that allows them to not focus just on the basic needs. This is something that we have to do. We are the richest country on the planet. We ought to be able to end poverty in America. 
CONGRATULATING THE LANCASTER CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Lancaster Catholic High School baseball team today. The Crusaders baseball team recently claimed its first baseball championship in school history. After a remarkable 20–5 season, the Crusaders won the LancasterLebanon Section 4 and District 3 titles, setting themselves up for a run at the State championship. Sure enough, the Crusaders defeated South Side 5–1 in the PIAA 3A Championship. In addition to the Crusaders’ great offense, the highlight of the game was senior Dillon Marsh’s dominating pitching performance. Marsh, who has committed to playing at the University of Kentucky next year, pitched a complete game, striking out 11 batters without allowing a single walk. This game continued his excellent postseason performance, during which he surpassed the 100 strikeout mark for the season and threw a nohit shutout in the State semifinals. In summarizing his victory and the celebration with his teammates, Marsh simply stated: ‘‘It was just pure happiness.’’ Congratulations to the Lancaster Crusaders baseball team, the coaches, the families, and everyone at the school and in the community who supported this team along the way. f 
DEFEND PROTECTION OF PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, from his very first day in office, President Trump has worked to sabotage and repeal the Affordable Care Act. Despite being unable to pass a repeal bill, President Trump hasn’t stopped working to make it harder for people with preexisting conditions to afford coverage. Last week, HHS announced that it will allow the sale of shortterm junk insurance plans that don’t provide essential coverage and exclude people with preexisting conditions. Meanwhile, Attorney General Jeff Sessions argues that such protections are unconstitutional. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to understand why the President, who promised wonderful healthcare for all, is so committed to attacking the most popular parts of the Affordable Care Act. Constance, a constituent from my district, wrote, back during the repeal debate, that: ‘‘The ACA saved my life, as I would not be able to afford my healthcare without it.’’ Mr. Speaker, we in Congress need to be doing more to protect people like Constance and all of those who have been diagnosed with a preexisting condition. We need to be doing more, not less 
AGENT ORANGE DISABILITY BENEFITS FOR BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend my colleagues in this House for passing H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. The legislation makes 90,000 Vietnam seaservice veterans eligible for disability pay for health issues that could possibly have been caused by Agent Orange exposure. The truth is, we don’t know for sure how many have been exposed to Agent Orange, but we owe them the benefit of the doubt that we give to Vietnam servicemembers who have served on land as well. It is a long time coming. They pleaded with us for years to pay attention to Agent Orange, and it has been obscured for a long time. It is welldocumented that some of these soldiers weren’t treated very well when they returned home to this country. They finally are going to receive the respect and the care they deserve. I want to thank our chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, Dr. Phil Roe, as well as the author of this legislation, my California colleague, DAVID VALADAO , for their tireless work on making this happen. Countless veterans have developed health issues as a result of Agent Orange exposure, and it is about time we set this right for our blue water Navy vets who are eligible for these benefits that they need and their families pleaded for. Mr. Speaker, I am glad we finally got this done for them. 
RECOGNIZING LAKOTA TIMOTHY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding student from Coudersport, Pennsylvania, who received an award from the Potter County Conservation District for being an outstanding FFA student. Miss Lakota Timothy is this year’s recipient of the Henry Staiger Agriculture Education and FFA Award. Henry was an agriculture teacher for many years in Potter County and was instrumental in developing the conservation district. Each year, this award goes to the most involved and outstanding Spud Growers FFA student from Coudersport High School. Lakota is the daughter of Scott and Wendy Timothy of Sweden Valley. Throughout her FFA career, she has been involved in numerous leadership and development events, including: forest evaluation, land evaluation, environmental and natural resources, dairy evaluation, livestock evaluation, and public speaking. She also has presented at Kindergarten Ag Day and other community events where she teaches elementary students about various agricultural topics. Mr. Speaker, Lakota has been an excellent role model to both her peers and younger students who are interested in agriculture. I congratulate her on this outstanding achievement and wish her the best of luck in the future. 
b1215 OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the opioid epidemic is taking lives at a staggering rate. In my home State of Arkansas—that has a relatively small population—more than 400 people lost their lives directly attributable to opioids in 2016, and the numbers continue to climb. Congress has the power to prevent a major source of illegal opioids. Plain 
and simple, a secure border will stem the flow of opioids into our country. So far this fiscal year, Customs and Border Patrol agents have seized 984 pounds of fentanyl. That is enough lethal doses of this synthetic opioid to kill half of the U.S. population. As we consider the multiple aspects of border security, we must keep in mind that it is directly tied to our opioid epidemic. Our Border Patrol not only needs the walls to shut down the drug cartels, it must be provided unhindered access with good roads, regardless of the land use category. Smart, scientific streamlining of our environmental policies are necessary to secure our border to stop the flow of illegal drugs and save lives. 
ST. JOSEPH CATHOLIC CHURCH FIRE (Mr. ESTES of Kansas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer thoughts and prayers to the families of St. Joseph Catholic Church in Andale, Kansas. For nearly 125 years, the parish of St. Joseph has been a pillar of west Sedgwick County and our entire community. On Sunday morning, several hours before parishioners were to arrive for 8 a.m. Mass, it is believed a lightning strike caused a fire which soon engulfed the entire attic and roof. Two firefighters were injured responding to the fire which was contained after several hours. Thankfully, the firefighters treated for smoke inhalation and burns were released from the hospital. In a demonstration of the spirit in our community, nearby Andale High School was quick to open its doors and the church was able to celebrate 10 a.m. Mass. I am confident that this resilient community will continue to join together to help Father Daryl Befort and all the parishioners in St. Joseph as they begin the long and difficult task of rebuilding their church. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in keeping St. Joseph and our first responders in our thoughts and prayers at this time. 
WAYZATA BOYS TRACK CHAMPS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Wayzata boys track team on winning the Minnesota State High School Championship. Wayzata edged out second place to win, their third now, State championship in the last 4 years. The Trojans put on an impressive all around performance, competing particularly well in long distance and relay events. It was a welldeserved win for a program that has now become increasingly dominant in recent years. Mr. Speaker, we all know that success on the track takes dedication, hard work, commitment to training, and raw athletic talent. Wayzata’s success is a testament to the skill of its young student athletes and the commitment of its coaches. I want to congratulate the coaches, the entire team, the families, and the fans for winning the State high school championship. f 
PRINTING OF PROCEEDINGS OF FORMER MEMBERS PROGRAM Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the proceedings during the former Members program be printed in the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD and that all Members and former Members who spoke during the proceedings have the privilege of revising and extending their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2083, ENDANGERED SALMON AND FISHERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 961 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 961 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11577 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the fiveminute rule and shall be considered as read. Points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived except as follows: page 86, line 1, through page 86, line 7. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and pro forma amendments described in section 3 of this resolution. Each further amendment printed in part A of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 3 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. SEC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11579. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 3. During consideration of H.R. 6157 for amendment, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. SEC. 4. (a) During consideration of H.R. 6157, it shall not be in order to consider an amendment proposing both a decrease in an appropriation designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and an increase in an appropriation not so designated, or vice versa. (b) This paragraph 
shall not apply to an amendment between the Houses. SEC. 5. House Resolution 952 is laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 961, which provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act and a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019. The rule makes in order amendments for both bills, including three amendments offered by the minority to H.R. 2083 and several amendments offered by members of both sides of the aisle for H.R. 6157. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, I expect that we will consider a rule tomorrow to provide for the consideration of additional amendments to H.R. 6157. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, authored by my colleague, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER of Washington, clarifies the authority and streamlines the process to manage sea lion populations that are decimating ESAlisted salmon, steelhead, and other nonlisted species, such as white sturgeon in the lower Columbia River. It also provides ESAlisted salmon in the lower Columbia River a habitat where they can recover while controlling the stocks of sea lions on a limited basis. The bill will benefit the residents of the Pacific Northwest who have invested millions of dollars to protect, restore, and enhance salmon and other endangered species on the Columbia River. In my home State of Wyoming, Mr. Speaker, we are far too familiar with the abuses of the ESA. The goal of the Endangered Species Act should be to recover species, not place restrictive and unnecessary burdens and protections on threatened and endangered species in perpetuity. While the ESA process as a whole must be reformed, this bill provides a targeted approach to allow the citizens of the Pacific Northwest to achieve the original intent of the Endangered Species Act, which is to recover species. This is a good bill. I support its inclusion in this rule, and I urge its adoption. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, this rule allows for consideration of H.R. 6157, the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense Appropriations Act, authored by my colleague from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ). Mr. Speaker, providing the funding needed by our men and women in uniform to defend this great Nation is by far the most important responsibility we have as Members of the United States Congress. For far too long, Congress has failed in this regard. For nearly a decade, we have forced our men and women in uniform to operate under continuing resolutions and the devastation of sequestration. In this Congress, Mr. Speaker, we have begun to change that. For fiscal year ’18, we provided $700 billion to begin to rebuild our military from the cuts and misguided policy of the Obama years. But our job is far from done. Rebuilding our military and providing the resources needed will require dedicated efforts for years to come. Mr. Speaker, we simply must stop forcing our men and women in uniform and their families to pay the price for the dysfunction of the congressional budget process. Mr. Speaker, we know that this House is not the problem. In fact, since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, we have never failed to pass a defense appropriations bill on time and often with large, bipartisan majorities. With this week’s consideration of H.R. 6157, we in this House intend to keep that streak alive. However, as we have too often found, the Senate is unable or unwilling to complete their work, and our men and women in uniform suffer. b1230 Secretary Mattis spoke late last year about this issue when he released the National Defense Strategy. He said: ‘‘As hard as the last 16 years have been on our military, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of the U.S. military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act’s defense spending cuts, worsened by us operating, 9 of the last 10 years, under continuing resolutions, wasting copious amounts of precious taxpayer dollars.’’ Secretary Mattis then went on to say that: ‘‘The consequences of not providing a budget are clear: Without a sustained budget, ships will not receive the required maintenance to put to sea; the ships already at sea will be extended outside of port; aircraft will remain on the ground, their pilots not at the sharpest edge; and, eventually, ammunition, training, and manpower will not be sufficient to deter war.’’ H.R. 6157 is a bipartisan bill that provides the resources necessary to continue the job of rebuilding our military. The bill provides our troops with the highest pay raise they have received in 9 years. It continues restoring readiness through increases in the operation and maintenance accounts, including providing needed flight time and battle training, as well as equipment and facility maintenance. This bill also provides procurement funding to ensure our troops have the tools and equipment they need, and increases the funding for research and development for future needs. We must, as General Dunford said in front of the Armed Services Committee earlier this year, ‘‘ensure we never send America’s sons and daughters into a fair fight.’’ We need to ensure that they are armed to prevail every time. Mr. Speaker, we now face a more complex and dangerous set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II. Passing H.R. 6157 will help put us on the path we need to be on to restore the readiness of our military so we can deter and, if necessary, defeat those threats. In addition, Mr. Speaker, we must end this cycle and this decade of budget dysfunction. We must repeal the Budget Control Act and provide the stable resources our military needs, if we are to continue to maintain an Armed Forces that is second to none. H.R. 6157 is an important, bipartisan, and necessary step down that path. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule to allow consideration of H.R. 6157, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, my friend from Wyoming, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I will proceed to debate the rule for H.R. 2083 and H.R. 6157. The first measure, H.R. 2083, in my opinion, is an overly broad bill that will lead to the needless slaughter of more than 1,000 sea lions without addressing the serious problems facing our country’s endangered salmon stocks. Thirteen populations of salmon and steelhead in the Columbia River are listed under the Endangered Species Act, with their greatest threat to extinction coming from deadbeat dams, habitat loss, and climate change. This bill does nothing to address those issues and will not lead to the recovery of the salmon populations. Mr. Speaker, in a change of pace for this Republicancontrolled Congress, H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019, is a largely bipartisan bill. Totaling $674.6 billion, $20 billion above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level, H.R. 6157, as my colleague said, increases military pay by 2.6 percent and funds military procurement, readiness, and research and development. The legislation, in a break from the strategy implemented by the Republican Trump administration, actually works to keep our commitments to our allies and provides resources for the 
European Reassurance Initiative to counter Russian aggression, continues our support for Ukraine, and fulfills our obligations to Israel with funding for the U.S.Israel joint antitunneling research technology initiative and the Israeli Missile Defense Cooperative program. H.R. 6157 also provides new funding for Department of Defense schools and Historically Black Colleges, Universities, and MinorityServing Institutions, partnerships that are critical for preserving readiness into the future by investing in our servicemembers today. I was also pleased that the committee included parts of the Families of Fallen Servicemembers First Act in this bill, which will ensure that families of fallen servicemembers can always access the immediate death gratuities they are entitled to, even in the event of a lapse of government funding. Politics should never be a factor during such an unimaginable time, and yet that has been the case in each of the last three government shutdowns. I commend my colleagues, Representatives GERRY CONNOLLY and T OMROONEY, for taking on this critically important issue. As you can see, Mr. Speaker, this bill does a lot of good. I wish that bipartisan legislation like this was the norm. I congratulate the committee for working together in a bipartisan fashion to ensure that our country’s security needs are met without needlessly injecting partisan fights into the process. I would, however, be remiss if I did not mention the omission of any language pertaining to the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force, known colloquially as the 2001 AUMF. We continue to give Presidents a blank check to wage war. Let me repeat that: We continue to give Presidents—not President Trump, not President Obama, not President Bush, not President Clinton—a blank check to wage war. Since the 2001 AUMF was enacted, it has been cited as the statutory authority for military actions more than 40 times in at least 18 countries. That is 18 countries, Mr. Speaker, using an authorization passed 17 years ago. I and other Members, like Congresswoman BARBARA LEEand Congressman JIMMCGOVERN , the ranking member of the Rules Committee, have been relentless on this issue, relentless on the need for this body to take its constitutional duties seriously and discuss how and if we will authorize the executive branch to wage war. In fact, last year, the Appropriations Committee adopted an amendment by Congresswoman LEEto begin the process of repealing and replacing the AUMF with an updated measure. In an underhanded move, the Rules Committee stripped the provisions in an undemocratic and underhanded way. Since then, Congress has done nothing to reassert its constitutional authority to decide when and where to commit our troops overseas. I don’t know why it is that this continues, and I don’t know what it is going to take for us to have a vote on a new AUMF, but I think that the people of this great country deserve to know why House Republicans are protecting the President’s ability to wage unchecked war around the globe. I felt the same way when President Obama was in office, as well as previous Presidents. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), my friend and colleague on both the Armed Services Committee and the Rules Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I appreciate her steadfast leadership on behalf of our Nation’s servicemen and women. Mr. Speaker, we are in the process of a longneeded rebuilding of our Nation’s military, and this funding bill will ensure the rebuilding process continues. I have spoken on this floor many times about the readiness crisis facing our military. We are finally getting our planes back in the air and troops who are fully prepared to deploy. This readiness crisis hurts our overall national security. But, Mr. Speaker, it also puts our servicemen and women at great risk. Last year, we lost four times as many servicemembers in training accidents as we lost in combat. We owe it to these men and women to do everything in our power to avoid more of these accidents. That duty requires consistent and robust funding for all aspects of our defense. I am pleased to say that this funding bill builds on the progress made over the last 2 years, and I am proud to support the Defense Appropriations bill and this rule. This bill sets aside $674.6 billion for the Department of Defense, which is consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act that passed out of this body earlier this year. Importantly, the bill will help us recruit and retain the greatest fighting force on the face of the Earth. That includes full funding for a 2.6 percent pay raise for the military and an increase in overall end strength. The bill makes muchneeded investments in training and equipment acquisition to ensure our men and women in uniform have the resources and tools they need to safely and successfully defend or country. As vice chair of the House Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, I am pleased to see the bill make progress toward rebuilding a 355ship Navy fleet. The bill funds the construction of 12 new Navy ships, including three littoral combat ships. The bill also funds the procurement of additional F–35s, F/A–18 Super Hornets, Black Hawk helicopters, Abrams tanks, and C–130J aircraft, among many others. Given the current threat environment, the bill invests in our Nation’s missile defense programs and ensures support for some of our key allies around the globe. Mr. Speaker, peace through strength should always be the position of the United States. There is no greater deterrent to war than a strong, fully equipped U.S. military. I want to thank Chairwoman GRANGER and her subcommittee for their work on this legislation, and I look forward to a strong bipartisan vote later this week. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Ranking Member NADLER ’s bill, H.R. 6135, the Keep Families Together Act, of which I am an original cosponsor. This much needed proposal would prohibit the Department of Homeland Security from separating children from their families, except in extraordinary circumstances, and limit the criminal prosecution of asylum seekers. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question so that we may protect these innocent children. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my colleague that I have no further speakers and am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close as well, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to go forward now with my closing. Last week, we saw Republicans fail to protect Dreamers. These are young people who, in many cases, have known no other country than the United States. It is, like it is for you and for me, quite simply, their home. They are, but for one piece of paper, just as American as anyone in this room. Yet my friends across the aisle take pains to denigrate and belittle Dreamers. b1245 We witnessed Republican leadership bring antiimmigrant legislation to the House floor that did nothing to solve the heartbreaking situation for children and their parents on the southern border. In fact, the bills pushed by my Republican friends would perpetuate child detention, further tarnishing our Nation’s values. Democrats have put forward multiple bipartisan proposals to address the need for immigration reform in our 
country and, now, for the need to address the completely selfmade Republican crisis at our border involving the separation of infants and toddlers from their mothers and fathers. All of them have been dismissed out of hand. If my Republican colleagues can move past throwing red meat to their base and are willing to work in a serious and bipartisan manner to address the issues in our immigration system, then know that Democrats are ready to work with you. All you need to do is stand up to the extreme faction in your party and finally work with us. Let me say something else, finally, about that. The current occupant of the White House continues to say that Democrats believe in open borders and crime. I know I don’t believe in open borders, and I know that I have spent a career in the field of law in trying to assist, not only my community, but here in our Congress, countless communities, to avoid criminal elements and crime in a variety of places throughout our country. I don’t think it is right just to make political points at the expense of something that is so critical, and I deem it wrong that it is said that Democrats favor open borders and crime. That is just the farthest thing from the truth. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague’s commitment to coming to some sort of a resolution on the challenges we are facing at our border. I think it is crucially important that we secure our border, and I respect very much my colleague from the Rules Committee. I appreciate that, perhaps, he doesn’t believe in open borders, but certainly, Mr. Speaker, we have seen across the country, including most recently a Democratic candidate for Governor of New York referring to our ICE officials as ‘‘terrorists.’’ That is the kind of rhetoric that really does a huge disservice and, frankly, is shameful to those who are making sure that our borders are secure, to those trying to protect us. We are a Nation of laws, and we have got to ensure, Mr. Speaker, that we enforce those laws. Mr. Speaker, I think it would be a benefit and a positive move for the citizens across this country if both sides of the aisle were able to come together on this. Unfortunately, we have gotten into a situation where there are a number of people on the other side of the aisle who believe we ought to have open borders, and we simply can’t accept that and can’t defend that. We have got to make sure we secure our borders, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, there is a statue that stands at the Antietam National Battlefield, which is just about 70 miles from here. Antietam, as Members know, was the site of the single bloodiest day in American history. Close to 23,000 Americans were killed, wounded, or lost that day. The statue, Mr. Speaker, is a statue of a Union soldier that overlooks the graves of the fallen. There is an inscription on the statue which says, ‘‘Not for themselves, but for their country.’’ It should be a reminder to all of us, regardless of party, Mr. Speaker, that the ultimate sacrifice has been paid by so many Americans in every single battle of this Republic’s history, that those who fight to secure our freedom do it willingly. They do it by saying they are willing, as Secretary Mattis has said, to write a blank check to the Republic. They do it to defend everything we hold sacred and, indeed, Mr. Speaker, to defend what we are doing here today, to defend our right to debate, to defend our right to make laws, to defend our right to vote. Those are the freedoms that are so crucial to the founding and the establishment of this Republic. I am really proud, Mr. Speaker, that with this Defense Appropriations bill, we were able to come together in a bipartisan way to demonstrate our support for our men and women in uniform. What we need to do now, Mr. Speaker, is come together in a bicameral way. We need to ensure that our actions are worthy of those men and women on the front lines who are defending us every day. We are considering a rule, Mr. Speaker, that will allow the debate and the passage of this bill to fund our troops. For generations, young Americans have—and again I am going to quote Secretary Mattis—‘‘been willing to shoulder the patriot’s burden,’’ to put on the cloth of our Nation and to fight to defend all of us and all we hold sacred and dear. It is time for us in the United States Congress, the House and the Senate, to shoulder our burden and to provide the funding our men and women in uniform need. Mr. Speaker, in addition to the Rules Committee, I also serve on the Natural Resources Committee and the Armed Services Committee. Over the course of the last 18 months that I have been in Congress, we have received repeated testimony on the funding, modernization, and readiness crisis facing the United States military. I can say, Mr. Speaker, that no experience that I have had since I have been a Member of this body has had a greater impact on me than hearing from the Secretary of Defense, from the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, from all the combatant commanders, from all the service Secretaries, time and time again, hearing them come before this body and say that no foe in the field has done more damage to the United States military than has the United States Congress. I think it is really important for people to stop, think, and listen to what that means. Our men and women in uniform and the leaders of our military are making the case—an accurate case—that we have done more damage than has any enemy. We have absolutely got to stop that, Mr. Speaker. We have got to end this process of sequestration. We have got to end the continuing resolutions. We have got to end the dysfunctional budget process. We simply cannot allow this situation to continue. The threats that we face as a Nation are real, and they are growing. Yet, as a Congress, we have continually forced our military to operate on continuing resolutions of varying lengths for nearly a decade. We have got to end this cycle of dysfunction. We cannot force our men and women in uniform and their families to pay the price for our dysfunction. That is simply reprehensible, Mr. Speaker. I fully expect and hope that we will pass H.R. 6157 this week, and I urge my Democratic colleagues in the Senate to forgo attempts to filibuster this important bill and to work with Republicans in the Senate and Members of this House to fulfill our most solemn and sacred obligation, providing funding for the men and women in uniform who volunteer to put their lives on the line to defend this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of both the rule, H.R. 6157, and H.R. 2083. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 961 O FFERED BY  MR. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 6. That immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6135) to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6135. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not 
merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and 9 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if ordered; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 4294. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 219, nays 172, not voting 36, as follows: [Roll No. 291] YEAS—219 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—172 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Barletta Black Butterfield Clarke (NY) Cole Crowley Curtis DeGette Delaney DiazBalart Donovan Ellison Engel Frelinghuysen Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Holding Hoyer Johnson, Sam Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Meeks Payne Polis Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rush Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Taylor Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1320 Mmes. TORRES and LAWRENCE, Mr. CONNOLLY, and Mrs. NAPOLITANO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on No. 291. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 222, noes 172, not voting 33, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—33 
Aderholt Black Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Cole Crowley Curtis DeGette Delaney DiazBalart Donovan Ellison Engel Frelinghuysen Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hoyer Johnson, Sam Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Meeks Payne Polis Roby Rogers (KY) Rush Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Taylor Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1329 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PREVENTION OF PRIVATE INFORMATION DISSEMINATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4294) to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures of certain individually identifiable information by officers or employees of a Federal department or agency, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 392, nays 2, not voting 33, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Aderholt Black Clarke (NY) Cole Crowley Curtis DeGette Delaney DiazBalart Donovan Ellison Engel Frelinghuysen Gowdy Graves (GA) Gutie´rrez Hoyer Johnson, Sam Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Meeks Payne Polis Roby Rogers (KY) Rush Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Shimkus Taylor Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Yoder 
b1339 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures by officers or employees of a Federal agency of certain living will and stress test determinations.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes on rollcalls Nos. 291, 292, and 293 on June 26, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 291, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 292, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 293. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcalls 291, 292, and 293, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 291, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 292, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 293. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 291, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 292, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 293. 
Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on rollcall No. 289 through No. 293. Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 289, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 290, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 291, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 292, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 293, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 963 Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. Flores, to rank immediately after Mr. Coffman. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Washington? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to have my name removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5861 and I want to associate myself with the remarks of Chairman ROYCE of the Foreign Affairs Committee. This bill deals with two very related issues. One is investment in the United States when that could indeed undermine our national security. So this bill would reform the CFIUS process, the process by which we review taking control of a business enterprise in the United States that may have strategic implications. That part of the bill is the product of the Financial Services Committee. The second part of the bill reauthorizes and reforms our longlapsed export control statute. I would like to commend Representatives HECK, PITTENGER , and B ARR for their work on the first part of this bill, and commend Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their leadership on the reform and recodification of the Export Control Reform Act. This is a bill that deals with our national security as it may relate to business; first focusing on investments, then focusing on the sale of products abroad. I have served on the two committees of jurisdiction for over 20 years, and have been working on this issue for all of that time. First, as to the investment or CFIUS portion of the bill, I serve as ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee and know firsthand that Chinese companies are not always driven just by their own company profits. But instead, they are looking at a bigger picture, working with Beijing to advance China’s global interests. And all too often, these interests undermine American national security. Foreign investment in the United States often benefits us. We should encourage and welcome foreign investments that create jobs for American workers. But when a firm absorbs innovative American technology and an innovative American company and then transfers the knowhow and the jobs, often to China, we may have a problem. I am pleased to indicate that the CFIUS portion of this bill has three of my amendments, which are designed to recognize that national security is not just a matter of missiles and warships, but also maintaining our strategic technological edge. The first of my amendments requires that CFIUS focus on the national security risks of offshoring American jobs. Because when you hollow out the American workforce, when you create a circumstance where Americans no longer have those technical skills, then you undermine our ability to provide for our own national defense. The second deals with the risk of censorship that arises when foreign companies acquire our companies engaged in entertainment and information, and requires CFIUS to report to Congress on this issue of controlling our entertainment and information industries. We learned in the 2016 election that hostile foreign countries attempt to influence the American public, so we should study the potential for foreign ownership of media in the United States to influence our political discourse and ultimately our elections and government power. I would point out that if you control broadcasting, if you control movie screens, if you control mechanisms of distribution, you control what movies and TV shows will be made, and we should not put any hostile foreign power in a position to dictate that we never make another movie about Tibet. We never want to put ourselves in a position where China controls what we see on our screens, in our entertainment, in our newspapers. I would point out that China already has control over films being distributed in China. They unjustly limit that through a protectionist quota system and use that to try to force American studios to make movies that are consistent with the objectives of the Chinese Government. My third amendment focuses on the Made in China 2025 program by acknowledging that supposedly independent Chinese companies are, in fact, required to work with their own government. Simply put, if you are based in Shanghai, you are going to listen to Beijing, and when the CFIUS process provides heightened scrutiny for governmentcontrolled investment, that should apply to any company in a managed economy that is, in effect, under government supervision and control. Mr. Speaker, I now move on to the export control portion of this bill, the portion that limits what technology we can sell abroad. This act has not been amended since 1990. It expired in 2001. It has been held together through a series of temporary executive orders. This bill provides for export controls that support U.S. foreign policy goals such as complementing economic sanctions, combating terrorism, and prohibiting the export of items that will be used in human rights violations. 
I offered, and I am pleased that the committee accepted, one of my amendments that would require the Department of Commerce to look at the significantly negative impacts of controlled exports on our defense industrial base. When we allow the tools, the dies, the materials for manufacturing to be exported, we, therefore, lose the workforce, lose the capacity, and lose the ability to provide for our own defense. Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of this important legislation which modernizes CFIUS and our export control laws. Mr. Speaker, seeing no other speakers on our side from the Foreign Affairs Committee, I would urge my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ), the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee, and I ask unanimous consent that she be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5841, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, which the Financial Services Committee approved last month by a unanimous vote of 53–0. I want to thank both Republican and Democrat Members for their effort, but I especially want to thank the bill’s sponsor, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), who has worked tirelessly to develop this legislation and bring it to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, we would not be here but for his expertise and leadership. I also want to thank Chairman ROYCE  for the cooperation of the Foreign Affairs Committee working with us on this very important piece of legislation. Finally, I want to thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), who chairs our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, as well as his ranking member, Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin. I also happen to see the gentleman from Washington, Mr. HECK, and I want to thank him for his contributions as well. The subcommittee held no fewer than four hearings prior to marking up this legislation, and the thoughtfulness that they brought to the issue is something we should all emulate. The bill is a comprehensive reform of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, as it is known; the first update of its kind in over a decade. CFIUS is authorized to review foreign investment transactions that may threaten our national security. And although these authorities have been wielded carefully, Congress must remain vigilant when delegating additional powers that may have farreaching effects. The reason, Mr. Speaker, is simple. According to a Department of Commerce study from 2016, 12 million American workers have jobs resulting from foreign investment; 31⁄2million in the manufacturing sector alone. On top of that, the vast majority of foreign investments’ value added comes from deals with U.S. allies. We need to protect our national security while also ensuring that America stays open for business. This is exactly what the House version of FIRRMA does. It closes real gaps in CFIUS’ jurisdiction that could otherwise be exploited by bad actors, but it doesn’t give the government a foothold to go after deals or entire sectors on a whim. We target those transactions in countries, including China and Russia, that truly present a national security risk, but without strangling the investment and innovation that makes our country strong to begin with. We also focus on particular assets that are sensitive, assets like sensitive personal data of U.S. citizens or technical information on critical technologies and critical infrastructure rather than walling off entire categories of U.S. companies and industries. b1400 It is also important to know what that bill doesn’t do, Mr. Speaker. We don’t change due process under CFIUS, and we don’t weaken confidentiality requirements that CFIUS is subject to. H.R. 5841 keeps CFIUS accountable. Finally, this legislation recognizes that CFIUS and export controls are complementary. As two sides of the same coin, reforms to both clearly belong in the same bill. We are pleased to see this legislation include such reforms to the export control regime, again, reforms that passed the Foreign Affairs Committee by voice vote in April. They make the House version of FIRRMA even stronger. Again, Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Members on both sides of the aisle, especially Mr. PITTENGER , but all Members on both sides of the aisle who contributed so thoughtfully to this legislation, including the cooperation of the ranking member. I urge all of my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5841, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. This bill represents a bipartisan effort to bring muchneeded reform to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or CFIUS, which serves an important function in the national security area. I would like to thank Chairman HENSARLING , Chairman B ARR, Ranking Member MOORE , Congressman PITTENGER , Congresswoman M ALONEY , and also Congressman HECK, who is here today, in particular. Congressman HECKhas, for the good part of a year, been working very hard to ensure that any legislation addresses key jurisdictional gaps in the current scope of CFIUS authority, and this bill does just that. I thank him for his leadership. It is Congress’ responsibility to ensure that CFIUS appropriately balances the benefits of our traditionally open investment climate with the need to protect our national security. And make no mistake, the national security threats we face today in this area are both serious and evolving. The world has become a much more complicated place since Congress last reviewed and reformed the CFIUS process a decade ago. The bill brings CFIUS into the 21st century. H.R. 5841 would expand the jurisdiction of CFIUS with regard to certain types of transactions that have previously avoided scrutiny, and it reforms the national security reviews performed by CFIUS to address growing concerns that foreign entities may be using acquisitions of and partnerships with U.S. businesses to chip away at American technological leadership. The primary concern here is that China’s aggressive industrial policy and their efforts to invest in early stage, cuttingedge U.S. technologies with potential military applications, including artificial intelligence and robotics, in part to advance China’s military modernization, will diminish America’s technological advantage. During the course of our deliberations on this legislation, despite some honest intellectual disagreements as to how best to counter this threat, at the end of the day, we understood that we have a responsibility to address these problems in the most effective and efficient way possible, in ways that do not undermine other important functions of government, many of which also contribute to our national security. Importantly, this legislation also recognizes that, as the volume of cases and the complexity of transactions continue to increase, expanding the scope of CFIUS without additional resources would not only undermine CFIUS’ mission, but it would also deplete other important government services and functions, both domestically and internationally. So I am very glad that this legislation authorizes $20 million annually for the next 5 years to fund CFIUS’ operation, as well as provide the authority for Treasury to impose a filing fee on the companies that file with CFIUS based on the value of the transaction, taking into account a number of other factors, including the effect of any given fee on smallbusiness concerns. 
The bill does not address everyone’s concerns yet, including concerns by some entertainment industry stakeholders, which I share. As we move forward, I will continue to support ongoing refinements to the legislation. H.R. 5841 deserves strong support in the House, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), the vice chairman of the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee and the author of the FIRRMA bill before us. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for his leadership on this very important legislation, H.R. 5841, FIRRMA. I would also like to thank Chairman ROYCE , Congressman B ARR, and Congressman HECKfor the significant leadership role that they played with this bill, as well as my chief of staff, Clark Fonda, and Assistant Secretary of Treasury Heath Tarbert. They have put in countless hours, working through details and language on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have worked on CFIUSrelated issues for nearly 3 years. Prior to FIRRMA, I spent my efforts identifying problematic transactions and engaging in a public media campaign to raise awareness and stoke government action. Three years later, I am so happy to the say that we have had a robust impact on this issue. For example, we helped prevent the Chicago Stock Exchange from falling into the hands of opaque Chinese ownership. We protected our defense supply chain by helping stop Lattice Semiconductor from being purchased by a Chinese stateowned investment fund. We helped prevent the Chinese from exploiting important personal data during an attempt to purchase MoneyGram. Our successful initiatives have garnered the attention of Senator CORNYN . We began a yearlong process to draft the original version of FIRRMA. Over the past year, my staff and I have seen dozens of versions of FIRRMA, both introduced versions and redline edits, from various offices and stakeholders. For months, we have fought for the strongest CFIUS reform bill possible. Today, we reach a milestone where floor action is imminent, which is a huge step forward for the cause of CFIUS reform. The version we are considering today, of which I am the sponsor, includes a number of reforms to strengthen the current system and prevent the flow of militaryapplicable technologies to the Chinese Government, in particular. The bill creates a process by which countries of special concern, which would include China, would have increased oversight when attempting to purchase critical technology companies in the United States. The bill also helps create an interagency process through export controls to review overseas joint ventures, a process that is absent under our current system. While I am pleased that we have gotten to this point in the legislative process, both the House and Senate versions are departures from the original FIRRMA concept. However, both would improve significantly the CFIUS and export control processes, as well as have a strong impact on governing Chinese and other adversarial investments. Regardless of what actions are taken next to reconcile the differences with the language of the Senate version, passed as part of their NDAA, there are certain principles that should be addressed in the final version. History will record whether we have done our job to prevent the transfer of proprietary intellectual property and critical technologies to adversarial governments. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, to this end, I am encouraged by the progress we have made on this issue, and I am grateful for the opportunity to help move forward important legislation to reform CFIUS and export controls. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a member of the Financial Services Committee who has fought tirelessly on CFIUS reform and has been engaged in this process from the beginning, for the purposes of a colloquy. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member. I do indeed rise to engage in a colloquy with the gentleman from Kentucky. The bill we are considering today, unlike the Senate CFIUS bill, does not have specific language dealing with board seats. That notwithstanding, Chairman BARR and I share an understanding that the language of the bill that covers ‘‘involvement, other than through voting shares, in the substantive decisionmaking of the United States business’’ gives CFIUS jurisdiction over investments which would confer membership or observer rights or the right to nominate someone from the board of directors or equivalent governing body of a business. I ask my friend to confirm that understanding. Mr. BARR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HECK. I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I especially thank the gentleman for his cooperative, constructive, and bipartisan approach to the legislation, and improving the legislation. We are in agreement on this point, that such involvement could cover activity, including membership on the board of directors and observer rights. In addition, the gentleman makes note of board nominations. As we have seen under current law, CFIUS looks at nominations and the risks that may arise from them. The Broadcom deal was a case in point. However, the language in this bill makes this jurisdiction clearer. The gentleman is right to focus on risks that a board member may pose who is acting on behalf of a foreign investor who nominates the member. The whole point of such nominations could be to involve the foreign investor in substantive decisionmaking in a way that results in national security risks. H.R. 5841 could cover such a scenario. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for this exchange. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 23⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), the chairman of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee, and the subcommittee chairman who helped craft the bill and helped shepherd it to the markup process. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. I want to thank the House authors of this bill, particularly the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), for his outstanding leadership on this effort; and my friend, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK); also the Senate authors, Senator CORNYN and Senator FEINSTEIN ; and House Chairman HENSARLING , Chairman R OYCE , Chairman NUNES , Chairman T HORN BERRY , and Chairman W ALDEN ; as well as House leadership for their efforts in bringing this nonpartisan legislation to the floor. Just by that list, you understand how complex this issue is because it involves not only a multiagency effort of this government, it requires the concerted and cooperative efforts of many committees in this House and in Congress generally because of the shared jurisdiction. In 2016, new foreign direct investment added $894 billion in value to the U.S. economy. Today, 6.8 million American workers are employed by international companies, including 20 percent of U.S. manufacturing workers. In my own district in Kentucky, Toyota Motor Manufacturing, Kentucky, Inc. supports 8,500 jobs as a result of benign foreign direct investment, a great example of this. These are typically higher paying jobs. So it is critical that we preserve in the United States an open investment climate, to the extent possible, consistent with national security objectives. But a comprehensive update to both the export control regime and the Committee on Foreign Investment in the 
United States, or CFIUS as is it commonly called, is needed due to the massive surge in malign investments by the Chinese and other bad actors in U.S. assets. This legislation closes loopholes in CFIUS’ jurisdiction and modernizes our process for identifying critical technologies without duplicating agency efforts like earlier drafts of this legislation called for, all the while ensuring these transactions are thoroughly vetted in a timely manner so that America continues to attract muchneeded foreign investment that does not implicate national security. This legislation also authorizes CFIUS to review sensitive, noncontrolling investments in critical technology or infrastructure made by persons affiliated with countries of special concern or threatening actors. These changes improve upon previous versions of the bill that failed to focus CFIUS’ limited resources on the most serious threats and bad actors, including China. Importantly, this legislation grants CFIUS the authority to review the acquisition of real estate near U.S. military installations and other important national security assets. The legislation uses a new and strengthened interagency export control process to review joint ventures and outbound activities. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership on that point. These reforms strike the right balance between bolstering national security and ensuring strong economic growth. I encourage my colleagues to support the legislation. b1415 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation which is urgently needed. Our adversaries and competitors are indeed actively exploiting gaps in our existing CFIUS process, which I would argue has not been materially modernized in 30 years, and there are gaps. Right now, purchases of land near our most sensitive national security installations which are purchased to facilitate espionage go unreviewed unless there happens to be an existing business on that site. Investments that could give our strategic competitors influence and insights into our critical technology or the critical infrastructure our country relies on go unreviewed because they fall just short of control of a company. Rights changes that can confer control of a company even without new equity being contributed are not clearly within CFIUS jurisdiction. There is a gap between CFIUS’ existing authority over joint ventures involving a whole U.S. business and the export control system’s authority over individual pieces of technology and knowhow. Good news. We close these gaps in this bill. I appreciate deeply the willingness of Chairmen HENSARLING and B ARR to work to ensure this legislation effectively addresses investments that could expose details of critical technology or critical infrastructure to our strategic competitors and to incorporate other improvements suggested by our national security committees. Frankly, however, as is no secret, I think there are some other changes that I would like to have had made. For example, the Senate and the original House bill contained delegation authority to help manage an increased workload and more senior officials to oversee the CFIUS process. I also continue to believe that the blacklist used in the House bill will ultimately be too easy for our adversaries to evade. Compared to the approach taken by the Senate bill and the original House legislation, the blacklist is also kind of a missed opportunity, I think, to encourage our allies and partners to establish their own CFIUSlike mechanisms compatible with ours because the truth is, we are no safer if we block our competitors from buying a capability here but they buy it from one of our allies or partners. That all said, this is a very important step forward. Mr. Speaker, I am glad to stand before you today and urge your support on what I believe is a critical issue of national security. I am equally glad to express my deep appreciation to the ranking member and to the chairmen, both Mr. HENSARLING and Mr. B ARR, and to my friend, ROBERT PITTENGER . Last statement of the obvious warning, none of us is any better than the quality of our staff. I want to acknowledge that I have been very ably assisted on this matter for the better part of a year by Erik Ashida of my staff. He has been with me 6 years. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, he is leaving staff because he has been admitted to the extremely prestigious SAIS program, School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University. I know each of us has experiences who have been here any length of time, when you have had a young person be with you for many, many years, it creates a sense of loss when they finally decide to take that next step. I am only able to do this because I know that as ably as he has served the people of the 10th Congressional District in our State from which he is from, I know with equal confidence that he will continue to serve America upon completion of his graduate program. He has been the point person in my office working with Members’ offices, and I am deeply appreciative to him for all of his service. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Members of this House to endorse and to support this very important national security measure. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas, and I ask unanimous consent that he may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ), who is a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee and a member of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee that dealt with this FIRRMA legislation. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for working together on this bipartisan legislation, H.R. 4311, the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. It addresses the intersection of national security, intellectual property, and property rights. We have a responsibility to protect the people of the United States of America from threats abroad, and we also have a responsibility to protect the system that has truly made the United States the world’s land of opportunity. We have had free flow of goods, services, capital, ideas, and, indeed, people because we have a high functioning rule of law here in America. How can the entrepreneur living the American Dream truly thrive in the spirit of enterprise when competing against a foreign state? But that is the very state that he is up against a lot of times in trade as an entrepreneur seeks to grow a corporation backed by a foreign government. This legislation addresses many of these types of concerns—countries acting as companies that pose threats to our national security—and this legislation has been done in a bipartisan, constructive manner, and I appreciate the input and efforts from Members of both sides of the aisle as well as those in the administration and the private sector who have helped make this meaningful legislation what it is today. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), who is the chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, this effort has been a success because we are balancing the imperatives of national security with maintaining an important open investment climate in the United States. Why that balance is so important is because preserving benign foreign direct investment and capital so that research and development in the United States can flourish is important not only to preserve our competitive edge in the global economy, it is important for national security. Our economic strength contributes to our national security. We are striking 
the right balance with this new FIRRMA legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, I think this is a very important piece of legislation that has come before the body. I also want to acknowledge that, yes, it is very challenging for this body to engage in bipartisan legislation. But we have clearly achieved it today. I think we have achieved it because we know that as Americans we must rally around when it comes to issues of national security. So, again, I want to thank the ranking member. I want to thank the gentleman from Washington and all other Members on the other side of the aisle for coming together. And as the gentleman from Washington said, perhaps not getting exactly the bill that they wanted—I assure the gentleman from Washington I didn’t get exactly the bill I wanted—but we have a very strong bill that I think balances our critical need to safeguard our technology and at the same time recognizes how important foreign direct investment is in growing our economy and being able to afford the type of defense structures that we need so that our national security is never second to none. Again, Mr. Speaker, we could not have done this first without the leadership, the expertise, and the drive of the gentleman from North Carolina. I believe that some form of this bill will soon end up on the President’s desk and we will all thank the gentleman from North Carolina for his leadership in getting America to this point. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote for this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I think that all of our speakers have been eloquent in the way that they have described the work that was done on the bill. I am very pleased and proud that on this issue of national security that we were able to come together. I think that what we have done is certainly in the best interests of our country. As the chairman said, some did not get everything that they would like to have in the bill, but we were able to work through the various concerns, I think, in a very honest and open way. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank several of my colleagues, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ENGEL , as well as, of course, Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member WATERS , and Mr. PITTENGER . I want to thank them for incorporating as title VIII the text that I authored as H.R. 5040, this is the Export Control Reform Act of 2018. This is the measure we put out of the Foreign Affairs Committee. This title modernizes and reforms outdated export controls designed to impose trade controls on the old Soviet bloc. It was long past due that we update these controls to reflect the realities of modern international commerce and the national security threats of the century we are in right now. I would urge my colleagues to join us in modernizing both the CFIUS and export controls process which we do now in this combined bill. A ‘‘yes’’ vote will ensure continued U.S. leadership in high technology industries essential to the health of our economy and essential to our national security. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5841, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2083. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DAVIDSON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 961 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2083. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1429 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEof Texas in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2083, a bipartisan effort by Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. S CHRADER , aims to cut red tape by updating Federal law to provide a temporary, expedited process to give States and Tribes the ability to address California sea lion predation of endangered salmon and other species on a limited basis. Right now, ratepayers in the Pacific Northwest invest hundreds of millions of dollars each year to help recovering salmon populations, only to have them end up in the stomachs of sea lions. Federal law provides conflicting mandates to protect each species but does not provide the flexibility to account for broader ecological interactions. California sea lion populations on the West Coast have exploded, yet salmon runs continue to decline. According to the Northwest Power and Conservation Council, the sea lion population has grown to a level of roughly 300,000 individuals, and marine biologists conclude that their population is currently at carrying capacity. Historically, California sea lions have foraged at the mouth of the Columbia River, but they have recently continued to move inland. As the sea lions move further upstream to feed, their diet exists increasingly more of endangered salmon. H.R. 2083 will authorize the Secretary of Commerce to provide to State and local Tribes the tools necessary to humanely manage sea lions that have migrated outside their historic range and pose an imminent threat to fish species listed under the Endangered Species Act. Federal permits authorized under H.R. 2083 would be limited to State and Tribal fishery managers who have a direct stake in a healthy regional ecosystem. It is absolutely imperative that we give local stakeholders the tools they need for a balanced ecosystem where both fish and sea lions can thrive. This bipartisan bill has broad support from States, Tribes, public utility districts, advocacy groups, and hundreds of local businesses across the Pacific Northwest. It is a win for not only the endangered fish of the Pacific Northwest, but the ratepayers who are heavily invested in keeping these fish stocks flourishing and healthy. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan, commonsense bill. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2083. This legislation claims to 
protect salmon in the Columbia River by authorizing an increase in the annual permits to kill California sea lions, Steller sea lions, and harbor seals. It is true that many of our salmon and steelhead runs are not doing well. In 2017, runs of wild salmon and steelhead were the fourth lowest since 1979, and the most recent 3year trend is steadily downward. It is devastating, I agree, but we should be legislating to address the real threats facing salmon recovery. Impacts to salmon caused by seals and sea lions pale in comparison to the harm caused by so many other threats. Let’s take a minute to go over some of the significant threats facing salmon: habitat loss and degradation, pesticides and toxic contaminants polluting tributary habitats, hydropower, invasive species, hatcheries, overfishing, bycatch, human population growth, climate change, and the bill the House Republicans pushed today to block courtmandated water releases from Federal dams to aid in salmon recovery. I cannot support this bill. It does not address the root causes of salmon population decline and, instead, unfairly scapegoats sea lions. Mr. Chairman, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA  BEUTLER ). Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, thanks to KURT SCHRADER , who has been a partner with me on this legislation for a while—actually, since before I was here, he has been working on this bill—and today is a good day. ‘‘I would like to think that there might still be salmon and steelhead to fish for when my greatgrandkids try fishing.’’ That is from Bob, who lives in Brush Prairie in my district. I have heard Bob’s sentiments echoed literally from thousands of folks across southwest Washington. Unfortunately, our salmon runs are now fighting for survival. It is practically a miracle when a fish can make it upstream without getting caught between a sea lion’s teeth. They certainly don’t get caught unscathed. Mr. Chairman, what we currently have on the Columbia River is an ecosystem seriously out of balance. I recently met with local fishing guides who, with despair in their voices, told me between 70 and 100 percent of the fish they land show visible signs of a struggle with a sea lion, barely escaping becoming a meal for the already engorged sea lions. We are seeing fewer and fewer salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon make it past this gauntlet of sea lions as the fish make their way upstream. Donald from Vancouver told me the other day he reeled in a salmon—half of a salmon. A sea lion was fighting him for the other half. Look, we are not antisea lion. Oh, my goodness, no. We are just for protecting our native fish, a Pacific Northwest icon, and in order to do that, we have got to make it easier to remove some of the most egregious offenders, problematic pinnipeds. Sea lions aren’t endangered anymore. In fact, they are doing really, really well. They weigh a ton. Literally, a Steller sea lion can weigh up to 1 ton. Between the California and the Steller sea lions, their populations have increased by hundreds of thousands, and now they are overindulging on an all youcaneat buffet of salmon at numbers that are totally unnatural on the Columbia River system. The sea lions are winning this battle. Fortyfive percent of spring Chinook adult salmon disappear between the mouth of the Columbia River and the Bonneville Dam. Oregon’s fish and wildlife agency has concluded after much study that the Willamette River steelhead runs are facing a 90 percent chance of extinction due to predation. That is why we are here today, Mr. Chairman, in a bipartisan effort to save our wild fish from being decimated by animals that have migrated out of their natural habitat and whose population is ever increasing. My bill, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, provides Tribal and government resource managers with the means to rapidly respond and remove California and Steller sea lions from specific areas where they are posing the most harm to our salmon restoration efforts. The Columbia River makes up the entire southern border of my district. The river is a lifeline for clean, affordable energy and brings economic benefit through both recreational and commercial fishing. While the lethal take of sea lions is a last resort, it is necessary to protect the hundreds of millions of dollars in investments that the Northwest residents have made to protect and enhance salmon and other ESAlisted species on the Columbia River. Nonlethal solutions like hazing and, literally, transporting sea lions hundreds of miles away and releasing them have not worked. The sea lions come right back. In Washington State, we are forced to live with a cautionary tale of failing to take strong action. In the 1980s and 1990s, Federal officials failed to grant the same authority that we are asking for today to halt the salmon slaughter in Seattle at the Ballard Locks. By the time Congress acted, a whole run of steelhead was decimated. Let’s not allow history to repeat itself. H.R. 2083 is a muchneeded solution. The bill would amend section 120 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act to authorize the Secretary of Commerce to provide States and local Tribes with the tools necessary to humanely manage sea lions on the waters of the Columbia River and its tributaries as long as the sea lions are not part of an ESAlisted species. This is common sense, Mr. Chairman. Additionally, this legislation allows not only the Northwest State wildlife agencies, but also qualified Tribes to obtain permits to help protect the recovery of ESAlisted salmon, authority not granted currently under the law. Simply put, my bill cuts through the bureaucratic red tape, streamlines the permitting process, and allows States and Tribes to rapidly respond to remove sea lions from areas they pose the most threat to salmon recovery. Mr. Chairman, this is the last line of defense against fish runs bordering on extinction. This bill enjoys bipartisan support both here in Congress and at home. As I mentioned, my friend and neighbor to the south, KURTSCHRADER , has been an invaluable partner in getting this bill to the floor today. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, this legislation is supported by the Governors of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho; the Columbia River Inter Tribal Fish Commission; the Washington, Idaho, and Oregon State Department of Fish and Wildlife; the Ilwaco Charter Association; the Coalition of Coastal Fisheries; and the Coastal Conservation Association of Oregon and Washington. Public utilities are among the bill’s supporters. I am also pleased a companion bill is moving through the Senate now, with bipartisan support, underscoring the urgency of this issue. I ask my colleagues to join me today in supporting H.R. 2083. Let’s make sure our kids and our grandkids and greatgrandkids can experience the thrill of reeling in their first salmon on the Columbia River. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am disappointed to be standing here today to debate a bill that has become quite familiar to the House Natural Resources Committee over the past three Congresses. I must point out the obvious fact, Mr. Chairman, that killing of sea lions is not a silver bullet for a salmon recovery. This bill is a fivecent solution to a $10 problem. The fact is the sea lion predation pales in comparison to the harm caused to endangered salmon runs by habitat loss, dam operation, pesticides, invasive species, and several other human activities. The bill does absolutely nothing to address any of these major causes of salmon decline. For example, NOAA Fisheries has found that the estimated salmon and steelhead production in the Columbia River basin is over 10 million fish below historic levels, with 8 million of that loss attributable to hydropower development and operation. I must also point out the hypocrisy here. The bill before us today is described as a salmon protection act, but 
it follows a series of House Republican priority bills that would push the West Coast salmon population to the brink of extinction. Just this April, my Republican colleagues pushed through the House H.R. 3144, known in the fishing community as the ‘‘Salmon Extinction Act,’’ intended to block protection measures that experts tell us are necessary for salmon survival. Last year, we saw similar attacks on salmon, Tribes, and the salmon fishing industry when House leadership rushed H.R. 23, also known as the GROW Act, through the House. This bill sought to eliminate protections for wild California salmon and put California’s native fisheries and the thousands of jobs it supported on the path to extinction, meaning thousands of job losses across California, Oregon, and Washington State. House leadership pushed that bill even though estimates showed that 78 percent of California’s native salmon will be extinct this century under current trends. The congressional war on salmon has continued with riders in this year’s appropriations bills. For example, the House Energy and Water Appropriations bill, approved by this Chamber earlier this month, will block the restoration of salmon runs in the Columbia River and California’s San Joaquin River. As if that were not enough, the Interior and CJS Appropriations bills also include riders that are being supported by the Republican majority. Yet here we are talking about killing hundreds of seals and sea lions because my Republican colleagues claim they want to recover salmon. Let’s be clear: The antisalmon legislation and riders coming out of Congress are far bigger threats to salmon recovery than the sea lions’ snacking habits. Restoring wild salmon that are under threat requires a sophisticated response that tackles the most pressing issues impacting salmon populations. Instead, we are here today scapegoating marine mammals that are themselves under threat from this House’s effort to roll back the Marine Mammal Protection Act in order to help oil and gas companies. Marine mammals and salmon have coexisted together for millennia. Unfortunately, neither one has enough defenses against the agenda of the Republican Congress. We don’t have to pick and choose which creatures are worthy of survival. I would encourage my colleagues to get serious about addressing the whole range of stressors that are driving salmon to extinction: dam operations, pesticides, invasive species, and human activities that are preventing full salmon recovery. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject today’s effort to force Congress to pick and choose between wildlife, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I would only say that, when there is a population of 300,000 sea lions, I would not call that endangered. They are protected under a Federal law, but they are not found to be endangered or threatened, as far as I know. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ), who is also a bipartisan cosponsor of this bill. b1445 Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, this is what our cuddly sea lions do to our iconic salmon in the Columbia and Willamette Rivers. Salmon are an important part of the culture, the identity, and the economy of the people and Tribes of the Pacific Northwest. It is one of the reasons why we, as a region, have put so much time, energy, and resources into protecting and recovering these iconic fish. Along with my good friend and colleague from the other side of the Columbia River, Representative HERRERA  BEUTLER , we have worked very hard with the three States in our region, our Tribes, our wildlife agencies, and our colleagues here in Congress to find common ground and to craft a bill that meets our needs to protect endangered salmon, but also addresses concerns about what happens to the sea lions. Today’s consideration of H.R. 2083 marks nearly 9 years that I have been working on this legislation with my colleague from Washington. During that time, sea lion predation on endangered salmon and steelhead runs has increased exponentially, and the results have been dramatic. Much like the Ballard Locks in Seattle that my colleague referred to earlier, we are facing our own imminent extinction threat with the Willamette winter steelhead run if we don’t act immediately. That is just a fact. In the case of the Ballard Locks, we didn’t act soon enough. The pinniped predation drove that steelhead run to extinction. We cannot repeat the same mistake. It is important to note that nothing in this bill will harm sea lion populations. They are thriving—thanks to the Marine Mammal Protection Act—with a population that now hovers in the 300,000 range. NOAA has concluded that the California sea lions have reached their maximum carrying capacity. It is a remarkable success story. We want that to continue. But with this success, we also need to recognize that these sea lions no longer need the same level of protections that they did when they first passed the Marine Mammal Protection Act in the early 1970s, when their numbers were only in the 70,000 range. Now they are threatening, in nonhistoric areas, to move up the rivers, where they have no history, and eliminate our salmon. There is a 20 to 25 percent predation on these salmon. Our bill would allow the selective removal of problematic sea lions that are congregating at the Bonneville Dam, Willamette Falls, and some of the tributaries of key estuaries. Research has shown that removing these sea lions before they habituate to these areas prevents additional animals recruiting to these areas and would result in having to remove fewer sea lions over time. We have heard some arguments that we shouldn’t focus on sea lions, that we should take a comprehensive approach. My good colleague from Arizona said there is no silver bullet here. I agree. I agree. We have been doing nonlethal hazing for more than 15 years that has been totally ineffective. Transport these sea lions to the coast from the middle of Oregon, and they are back in 5 days at the Willamette Falls. Every entity involved in salmon management, from Tribes to fishermen to dam operators, has altered their behavior to protect salmon. Pacific Northwest ratepayers, through their electric bills, contribute nearly $1 billion a year, the biggest fish recovery program in America, a third of their electric bill, to help fund the largest fish mitigation program. This money goes toward the habitat restoration that was alluded to; improvements to fish ladders, fish screens, turbines; improving hatcheries. It is our responsibility as Members of Congress to safeguard the public investment in improving these salmon runs. This is not a radical bill. This is a thoughtful, narrow approach that is based on sound science, brought to us by the Departments of Fish and Wildlife of the three States in question and supported by Jay Inslee of Washington and Kate Brown of Oregon, Democratic Governors; Butch Otter of Idaho, a Republican Governor; Tribes; wildlife agencies; and biologists. Senators CANTWELL and R ISCH have introduced a companion bill in the Senate. Most importantly, the process will require the following: NOAA still will review the permit application and issue a request for public comment. NOAA will form a task force to review the application and make recommendations. NOAA will conduct a NEPA review. We have a great many people doing incredible work. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I just want to thank everyone for their strong effort in this area: the Tribes; Liz Hamilton, Bob Rees, and our conservation community; Curt Melcher and his team at ODF&W, Shaun Clements and Ed Bowles; and our friends on the other side of the river at WDFW also. All these folks have been tremendous partners. I can’t thank them enough. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from across the river, JAIME HERRERA  BEUTLER . It has been a great partnership. 
Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support our region and our efforts to protect and support our salmon. I ask for your help and to support this legislation today. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, for many, this is an emotional debate. I would concede the point that this is not a silver bullet. What we are talking about in particular are a few species of salmon that are on the verge of extinction, and whether or not this bill passes will determine their future. It already extirpated a run at Ballard Locks. We have a place in Oregon called Willamette Falls, 120 miles from the mouth of the Columbia River. Historically, there have been no sea lions there. There have been no changes in that structure in 100 years. Yet, the passage of wild salmon, which was normally 5,000 to 8,000, has dropped down to 500 because of the predation with 40 sea lions hanging out, munching, basically, at the fish ladder. Here is where sea lions are at. The optimal population is between this red line and this blue line. They actually have exceeded that blue line, which means they have recently exceeded and now are maybe dropping back to the maximum sustainable population. We are talking about a few hundred problem animals, which then teach other animals where they can get a free lunch. That is really the key here. This is based in science. We have a probability of 89 percent of extinction of the Willamette winter steelhead that go over Willamette Falls because of the sea lions that hang out there. They have tried everything: sonic guns, harassment, removal. They took them 300 miles away. They swim pretty good; they are back in 5 days. And they tell other sea lions along the way: Hey, come on, follow me. I know a great place to go. If we were to remove just a few of these problem sea lions, it is very likely that it will be a long time before another set of sea lions learns to go 120 miles up the river to the Willamette Falls. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, so the conditions are that these would have to be problem sea lions that have been marked; they have been removed; they have been harassed; they have come back; and they have to be 112 miles up the river. This is not a normal condition, that sea creatures are 112 miles up a freshwater river. There are critical areas on the Columbia, up by the dams, up by the Willamette Falls, and in some of the tributaries, which are the most productive salmon grounds in the country where they are starting to hang out. And they are eating almost exclusively salmon, steelhead, and now sturgeon, which are also a threatened species. As my colleague from Oregon said, NOAA will review the permit. We will have public comment. They will have a task force to review the application and make recommendations or modifications. There will be a NEPA review. That was one of the critical elements. It was a problem with the earlier bill, and a number of us insisted upon a NEPA review. NOAA will approve or deny the permit with conditions, and that will be monitored on an annual basis. Again, the argument that, well, other sea lions are just going to take their place, has not been proven by science. In fact, there are only a couple of hundred that are these problem creatures and are going upstream. Ultimately, others will follow them and become habituated. If we can remove the worst of the problem ones, then perhaps we won’t drop down. In fact, the recent estimates are we are down to a 6 percent chance of survival—this is a little out of date—of the winter steelhead because of this year’s predation. There is another chart. I don’t have it here. It shows, yes, the structures were built 100 years ago. That impeded the winter steelhead. There has been a fish ladder. Locks were built there for navigation. That hasn’t changed in 100 years. So the populations were healthy at 5,000 to 8,000. Suddenly, now we are down to 512. Something is happening. It is the sea lions. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 2083, which would provide targeted relief to endangered salmon and steelhead stocks in the Columbia River and its tributaries from the threat of predation by nonnative sea lions. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER for her work on this bill, and Mr. SCHRADER from Oregon, and take this opportunity to highlight the many weeks of bipartisan negotiations, which included revisions from the National Marine Fisheries Service, our State and Tribal wildlife comanagers, and other key stakeholders that resulted in this compromise bill text. It is because of that consensus that I am able to voice my support for this bill today. I am thankful for that because I care about salmon and protecting salmon. I care about fishing jobs, and I care about Tribal treaty rights. And I care about the other animals in our ecosystem that rely on a healthy salmon stock, like the endangered Southern Resident orca population, of which there are few in our oceans, fewer than the number of people who serve in this Chamber. We have heard from our State and Tribal wildlife managers that, if salmon predation at the Willamette Falls choke point is not addressed immediately, there is a 90 percent probability that at least one of the winter steelhead populations will go extinct. Enhanced management of the sea lion predators at this site would make a difference immediately. I also want to underscore that we already have years of data to show that nonlethal hazing and relocation measures currently employed by our wildlife managers have not been effective at controlling the predators. In fact, the problem has only gotten worse. A decade ago, these predators used to congregate only at distinct choke points created by the Bonneville Dam and Willamette Falls. Today, they are moving further inland into the narrow tributaries of the Columbia basin. But there is good news. Research from Oregon State University suggests that only a small portion of the sea lion population will ever exhibit this behavior and removing these animals before they acclimate to these areas prevents additional animals from learning this behavior. So, the sooner we act, the fewer animals that will ultimately be affected. To put this in perspective, of the 4,000 California sea lions in the Columbia River estuary, only about 200 ever swim upriver past the 112mile mark. It is these animals that are having the greatest effect on the most vulnerable stocks in the watershed. I will tell you what is at stake: Jobs. It is the livelihood of our commercial, recreational, and Tribal fishermen who are counting on us to rebuild these stocks. It is the future of our Southern Resident orca population that depends on spring chinook as a key food source. It is the identity of the Pacific Northwest that, in many ways, is defined by these iconic fish. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan compromise so that our State and Tribal wildlife comanagers have the tools they need to address this threat in the most responsible and targeted way possible. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I include the RECORD letters of support for this legislation from Trout Unlimited, the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations, and an additional list of supporters. 
TROUT UNLIMITED , June 26, 2018. Re Trout Unlimited Support for H.R. 2083, Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : We, the undersigned represent the nearly 10,000 members of Trout Unlimited in the states of Washington, Oregon and Idaho. Trout Unlimited is the country’s largest and oldest, coldwater conservation organization with over 300,000 members and supporters nationwide. TU has been deeply engaged in wild salmon and steelhead recovery efforts in the Columbia Basin for several decades, and it is our goal to restore healthy, fishable, naturally reproducing salmon and steelhead populations. Many issues impact salmon and steelhead recovery efforts in the Columbia Basin. 
Habitat degradation, hydropower operations, harvest and hatchery management issues are all significant factors. This legislation will help to provide resource managers with the necessary tools to help reduce predation by pinnipeds, a problem which has become increasingly significant over the last decade, and is particularly impactful at key locations, such as Willamette Falls. Pinniped predation rates in the basin are significant. NMFS marine mammal biologists believe that sea lion predation accounts for 20% of Spring Chinook Salmon losses in the Columbia. Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife has completed a risk analysis that place the likelihood of extinction for wild winter steelhead in the Willamette river at 90% due in part to pinniped predation at the falls in Oregon City. H.R. 2083 would amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act to allow NOAA to issue permits allowing state agency representatives in Washington, Oregon and Idaho, as well as several area tribes to use lethal take of sea lions in a portion of the Columbia river or certain tributaries in order to protect fish from sea lion predation. While we support a targeted approach to culling individual sea lions in specific areas to help reduce the impact to wild salmon and steelhead populations, we recognize that this action is necessary, but not at all sufficient, to help recover salmon and steelhead populations. To rebuild wild salmon and steelhead we need to take a comprehensive, sciencebased approach that addresses other major factors in their decline. Restoring their habitat, improving hatchery operations and finetuning angling regulations must be part of the longterm solution. Many of these actions are underway, and we need to redouble these efforts. We urge you to vote yes on H.R. 2083. Sincerely, TERRY TURNER , Oregon Council Chair. EDNORTHERN , Idaho Council Chair. BRADTHROSSEL , Washington Council Chair. 
OFFISHERMEN ’SASSOCIATIONS , June 25, 2018. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations (PCFFA) is the largest organization of commercial fishermen on the West Coast, representing the interests of hundreds of familyowned commercial fishing operations who harvest and deliver fresh seafood to American consumers and for export. Collectively, we represent many thousands of family wage jobs and a West Coast commercial fishing industry that contributes billions of dollars to the U.S. economy. On behalf of the hundreds of hard working commercial fishermen we represent, we write to request your SUPPORT for H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act. This bill would allow state and tribal wildlife managers to apply for a permit to humanely euthanize individual marine mammals in the Columbia River that are known to prey on endangered salmon as they line up at fish ladders attempting to return to their natal streams to spawn. This bill provides an immediate, surgical solution to a significant problem in a highly impacted western river, the Columbia. Impediments to fish passage and severe flow curtailment from hydropower dams have resulted in severe depletion of the Pacific Northwest’s most productive salmon river. These impacts have cost commercial fishing families billions of dollars in lost opportunity. While longterm solutions including dam removal and robust instream flow requirements will ultimately be required, immediateterm approaches like this bill are desperately needed. The limited, targeted culling of salmon predators on the Columbia is one such solution that will yield immediate results while longterm approached can be designed. We therefore urge your support for this bill. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, NOAHOPPENHEIM , Executive Director. 
American Sport Fishing Association; Association of Northwest Steelheaders; Coastal Conservation Association of Washington; State of Idaho; State of Oregon; State of Washington; Chelan PUD; Douglas PUD; Grant PUD; Northwest RiverPartners; Yakima Bait co.; Leisure Sales; North Point Personalized Wealth; Northwest Sportsman Magazine; O’Loughlin Trade Shows; Island Creative Printing & Publishing; Active Outdoors; Stevens Marine; Day One Outdoors, LLC & CK; Eagle Cap Fishing Guides. Skylen Freet Guided Sportfishing, LLC; Dick Nite Spoons, Inc.; Poulsen Cascade Tackle, LLC; Western Fishing Adventures Ltd.; Bill Monroe Outdoors, LLC; Angler Innovations, Inc.; Smokehouse Products, LLC; D & G Bait, Inc.; Oregon, Rod, Reel & Tackle; Total Fisherman Guide Service; BPG Wealth; It’s All Good Guide Service; Luhr Jensen & Son’s; McKenzie River Guides Association; The Merifield Company; FISHENG PRODUCTS; Seasonal Marketing; Team Hookup Guide Services; OLLIE DAMON’S; Maxima Fishing Line; Three Rivers Marine; Oregon Tackle Mfg; Northwest Guides and Anglers Assocation; Northwest Sportfishing Industry Association; Public Power Council; Columbia River InterTribal Fish Commission; Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Association; Bayside Guided Adventures; BS Fish Tales Inc—Brad’s; ProCure Inc.; NW Fish Quest; Silver Horde Fishing Supplies, Inc.; Harry Bresnahans’s Guide Service; Fisherman’s Marine and Outdoor; Jeff Robles & Associates; Hawken Fishing LLC; Morton and Associates; Ancient Mariner Guide Service; Robin Daft; Bob’s Sporting Goods. Anderson & Anderson Engineering, LLC; Big Rock Sports; Big C Tackle; FishField Inc.; Fish Marketing; LEO Flashers; On Target Outdoors, LLC; Gunarama Wholesale; Elbe Mall; Lamiglas; Maschmedt & Associates; Jemama Dreams; Trucke’s 1Stop; Tillamook Sporting Goods; Renaissance Marine Group, Inc.; North River Boats; Coho Steel; S&C Rod Racks; Baxter Industrial Analysis; Twisted Waters Guide Service. Anderson’s Outdoors LLC; Jewell School District #8; Bob Rees’ Fishing Guide Service; Rubber Resource, Inc.; United States Gypsum; Peck’s Guide Service; Winter Run Guide Service; Paradise Guide Service; Township Properties; Northwest Angling Experience; Metro Aviation; Astoria Fishing Charters; The Guide’s Forecast; Grant’s Outdoors Adventures; Fish It All Guide Service LLC; Oregon River Trails Outfitter; Brandon’s Guide Service; Anglers Obsession; Austin’s Northwest Adventures; Fishhouse Outdoor Company Guide. Ocks Fishing Adventures; Land and Wildlife, Bill Meyer Fishing; CT Sport Fishing; Brookings Fishing Charters; Sharkys Charters; BC Angling Supply; Frank Amato Publications; Pat Abel’s Guide Service; River Trail Outfitters; Coho Design; NW Rods; Wild Salmon Center; Coastal Coalition of Fisheries; Ilwaco Charter Association; Westport Charter Boat Association; Salmon For All; Puget Sound Anglers; Coastal Trollers Association; Ilwaco Fish Company; Englund Marine Inc.; Sheldon Oyster Company; Excel Fishing and Charters. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I am proud to be able to rise and speak on this bill. I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, and I encourage all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. This bill was introduced on a bipartisan basis by members of the Pacific Northwest delegation to address the matter of predatory sea lions that are consuming alarming numbers of endangered salmon, steelhead, and other fish species in the Columbia River and its tributaries. b1500 Over the past few decades, sea lion populations have increased tenfold, causing sea lions to expand their search for food. There is just too many of them for their traditional food sources. Well, Mr. Chairman, they have found that source. Sea lions swimming up to the Bonneville Dam are gorging themselves on endangered salmon not only for food, but, Mr. Chairman, there are so many of them, they are also doing it for sport. I have seen this myself while visiting a dam, where I saw what scientists and river managers regularly see: fish passing by—through those windows that you can watch the migrating salmon—with massive bite marks through their bodies. Most of the time, that leads to fatality for these fish. A recent NOAA study found that sea lions consumed up to 45 percent of several stocks of returning adult salmon last year. The Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife found that winter steelhead will go extinct if sea lion populations are not managed, placing the likelihood of extinction at 90 percent. This bill would stop this severe problem by amending the Marine Mammal Protection Act to allow NOAA to issue permits allowing State agencies and regional Tribes to use lethal take of sea lions in certain portions of the Columbia River and its tributaries. This legislation will help protect fish from sea lion predation and is desperately needed in order to save an endangered fish species. Unfortunately, Ranking Member GRIJALVA and the minority of the House Natural Resources Committee have once again reverted to fearmongering, just as they have done on other issues facing the Pacific Northwest. I have heard this legislation called the ‘‘Slaughter Seals and Sea Lions Act,’’ and it claimed the legislation will authorize a ‘‘massive increase in annual permits to kill sea lions and seals.’’ Nothing could be further from the truth. This legislation demonstrates a targeted approach and a bipartisan, concerted effort over many years to come 
to a consensus on this serious issue. In fact, the bill places strict limits on sea lion removal that are onetenth the amount NOAA states would have no impact on sea lion population. I am disappointed in these outlandish and false claims that the minority has propagated. The Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation state: ‘‘We are saddened to see such an inaccurate, emotional, and nonscientific attack on legislation our region is desperate to see enacted.’’ And, Mr. Chairman, I could not agree more. Fortunately, the wideranging coalition and bipartisan support behind this legislation speaks for itself: from the three respective Governors of the three States of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho; to the Yakama, Nez Perce, Warm Springs, and Umatilla Tribes; to groups like the Pacific Power Council, Northwest River Partners, Trout Unlimited, and Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen’s Associations, this legislation is supported by environmental organizations, the fishing industry, power and utility interests, State and Tribal governments, and both Democrats and Republicans alike right here in the House and in the Senate. The ranking member earlier stated that this bill is not a silver bullet, and, Mr. Chairman, I don’t disagree. I certainly acknowledge that this is just one tool to continue the tremendous efforts and significant resources our region has devoted to fish protection and mitigation, but it is an important one. I continue to advocate for sound science approaches to managing our Columbia River system, including speaking out against the recklessly mandated spill order currently placed upon the Federal river system. That is why I supported H.R. 3144 earlier this year to stop this spill and to provide the experts who manage our river system with the ability to do so in a manner that is best for our fish species. For the record, the minority of the House Natural Resources Committee called the bill the ‘‘Salmon Extinction Act’’—more disappointing hyperbole. I would encourage the ranking member and his staff to focus more on the science and less on the radical rhetoric. Mr. Chairman, just as my bipartisan colleagues support this legislation we consider today, I continue to plead for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and in the Senate to recognize the science showing how dangerous spilling to the gas caps is. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2083. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I sincerely thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 2083. You have heard a good number of arguments in favor of this bill today: the urgent threat posed by sea lions to endangered salmon and steelhead; the fundamental importance of salmon to the economy and culture of the Pacific Northwest and, especially, the native peoples who have depended on these stocks since time immemorial. But I want to talk about another reason, which was alluded to earlier, and that is the issue of the orca. June happens to be National Orca Month in Washington State. The southern resident orcas are an iconic species for us. They reside principally in the Puget Sound, and they are dying. The very fish that are taken by these sea lions migrate there and are an important part of their food stock. There are 75 resident orcas left, less than when they were put on the endangered species list, fewer orcas today than when they were listed. A large part of it is that they don’t have enough Chinook salmon to eat, and the reason for that is because the sea lions are eating them first. I want to remind the Chamber these sea lions are not even indigenous to the Columbia River. They have only been here a little more than three decades. They came here and found lunch and, along with it, put our orca at risk. Our State resource managers estimate sea lions consume about 20 percent of the Columbia’s spring Chinook run—20 percent, one in five. We all recognize saving these iconic orcas will take a comprehensive solution. I don’t deny that. And, of course, it isn’t a silver bullet, but it will help. It is something this body can do today to save our orcas. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, with my compliments to the gentlewoman from the Third Congressional District and all who have worked so tirelessly on behalf of H.R. 2083. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2083 authorizes the lethal taking of over 1,000 sea lions and an unknown amount of seals annually. Counter to what we have heard, the bill will not significantly aid in the recovery of salmon populations but needlessly targets seals and sea lions. I think we have to put this piece of legislation in context to what this House has done and what the Natural Resources Committee has done: a pattern. It is another example of how my Republican colleagues view wildlife management policy in the 21st century. We have too many attacks on wildlife in this Congress. Last year, Republicans released a bill to overturn a 2016 judicial decision to allow the shooting of cormorants without ever considering nonlethal management. The claimed rationale is to protect sports fishing and aquaculture, although scant science, evidence, or fact exists to prove that the birds significantly impact fish populations. In February of last year, this Chamber voted to allow the Fish and Wildlife Service to shoot bear cubs from a helicopter and gas wolf pups in their dens on Alaska National Wildlife Refuges to artificially inflate populations of moose and caribou prized by trophy hunters. In the 115th Congress, Republicans have introduced dozens of bills and policy riders targeting the Endangered Species Act and species like the gray wolf, grizzly bears, greater sagegrouse, delta smelt, and Chinook salmon. The Trump administration’s announcement that the Department of the Interior will now consider trophy imports on a casebycase basis gave life to harmful bills in Congress that support trophy killing of elephants and lions in African countries for purported conservation purposes. In the midst of all of the mass shootings in the country, committee Republicans tried to disguise an NRAbacked bill as a sportsmen’s bill, the SHARE Act, which would deregulate silencers and armorpiercing bullets. All these attacks on wildlife have been constant, they have not been backed in science, and they have not been supported by science or fact. We all would like to see legislation that would tackle the real threats facing imperiled wildlife and, in this particular legislation, to do a study to assess that and then to talk about the kinds of efforts that could be undertaken to protect the salmon. But to merely do that without the science and the study I think is a mistake, and it fits into a pattern that is all too common and puts this legislation within the same context and the same pattern as the other pieces of legislation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA  BEUTLER ), who will talk, among other things, about the mitigation efforts that the ratepayers have been funding for the salmon. Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter of support from the Public Power Council and a letter of support from the States of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho Departments of Fish and Wildlife and the Columbia River InterTribal Fish Commission. 
JUNE22, 2018. To: Speaker Ryan, Minority Leader Pelosi, and Northwest Congressional Delegation. Re Support for H.R. 2083 and S. 1702—To reduce marine mammal predation on endangered Columbia River salmon. We come together today to lend our strong and joint support for H.R. 2083 and S. 1702, bills that would reduce predation of endangered adult salmon and steelhead. The Public Power Council (PPC) is a not for profit association that represents about 100 consumerowned electric utilities in the Pacific Northwest on issues regarding the Federal Columbia River Power System. The Columbia River InterTribal Fish Commission (CRITFC) provides coordination and technical assistance to the tribes in regional, national, and international efforts to ensure 
that treaty fishing rights issues are protected in a way that guarantees the continuation and restoration of tribal fisheries into perpetuity. In the last few decades, west coast sea lion populations have increased tenfold. This growing population has expanded its search for food and found it in the Columbia and Willamette Rivers, river systems they had never before accessed. A recent NOAA Fisheries study estimates that pinnipeds consumed between 10–45 percent of some stocks of returning adult salmon in 2017. It is difficult to envision a successful recovery plan for fish listed under the Endangered Species Act without addressing this aggressive predation on the very adult fish that have benefitted from current efforts only to fall short in surviving a return to their spawning grounds. H.R. 2083 and S. 1702, introduced in the first session of the 115th Congress, address this concern by building on existing authorities that allow some lethal take of sea lions near Bonneville Dam by appropriate tribal and state entities. Fisheries biologists estimate predation would greatly decrease by incorporating all management activity in the areas of high predation between the mouth of the river up to the dam. These bills are widely supported in the Northwest. In addition to this joint support from CRITFC and PPC, regional governors from both parties, along with other industries who rely on healthy salmon and steelhead runs, have come together to back these bills. We are hopeful the proposals will receive broad bipartisan support in the House of Representatives and Senate. This situation continues to expand supporters of this legislation among diverse interests in the public, private and nonprofit sectors. Our joint support represents that healthy salmon and steelhead runs are critical to the future of the Columbia River treaty tribes and utilities. This bill would give fisheries managers greater tools to appropriately reduce predation of these endangered fish. Again, we support H.R. 2083 and S. 1702 and urge their expeditious passage through Congress. Sincerely, SCOTT CORWIN , Executive Director, Public Power Council. JAIME A. P INKHAM , Executive Director, Columbia River Inter Tribal Fish Commission. 
JUNE25, 2018. Hon. Speaker RYAN, Hon. Leader PELOSI , Hon. Chairman BISHOP , Hon. Ranking Member GRIJALVA . As directors of the comanaging agencies charged with conserving fish and wildlife in Oregon, Washington, and Idaho, we are writing to express our support for H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, with amendments proposed by our three agencies and the Columbia River treaty tribes. Passage of this legislation is critical to ensuring we can manage the everincreasing issue of predation on sturgeon, lamprey, and Endangered Species Act (ESA)listed salmon and steelhead in the Columbia Basin. Our agencies are acutely aware of the many issues facing salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon in the basin. We continue to advocate for actions to the hydrosystem, hatcheries, harvest, and habitat to support the recovery of this region’s iconic fish runs. However, if we avoid taking the hard step of managing sea lions in the basin, recovery will be all the more difficult for some stocks, while others will be placed on a rapid pathway to extinction. We have already seen this happen at Ballard Locks in Washington. Sea lions are not a scapegoat, but managing predation is now an essential part of recovering fish runs in the Columbia. As amended, H.R. 2083 ensures that we retain the strong environmental protections of the Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) and the National Environmental Protection Act (NEPA), while allowing managers the flexibility to manage sea lions in the Columbia basin. The changes proposed in the bill will allow the MMPA and the ESA to work together to benefit both fish and sea lions. H.R. 2083 provides managers flexibility to proactively remove sea lions that are foraging on ESAlisted salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon over 100+ miles from the ocean. These are locations where sea lions did not historically forage. Over a decade of scientific research has shown that 1) the diet of sea lions at these locations is almost exclusively salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon and 2) once sea lions locate these areas, they return year after year. It only makes sense to recognize the body of science that has accumulated on this issue and adjust our management accordingly to prevent sea lions habituating to these areas. Sea lion predation is not just an issue at the dams. Increasingly we are observing sea lions forage in many of the undammed tributaries to the lower Columbia River. Many of these tributaries contain our healthiest salmon and steelhead populations and have large tracts of pristine habitat. These runs are critical to recovering the larger salmon and steelhead Evolutionary significant units (ESU). Without passage of H.R. 2083 we can do nothing to prevent sea lions gaining a toehold in these areas which, as we have seen at Willamette Falls and Ballard Locks, places the fish on a pathway to extirpation before action can be taken. H.R. 2083 will have no impact on sea lion populations. National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) recently published a paper demonstrating that California sea lions are at carrying capacity. Their population in the United States is projected to fluctuate between 250,000–300,000 individuals in the foreseeable future. Additionally, NOAA is required under the MMPA to calculate the Potential Biological Removal (PBR) level, or the number of animals that could be removed from the population without affecting its viability. For California sea lions, that number is currently 9,200. As a margin of safety, the proposed legislation caps the removals at no more than 10% of this number, for a total annual removal not to exceed 920. This is an extremely conservative number when put in context of the overall population. Moreover, in the Columbia River, there are only around 300 sea lions exhibiting the problem behavior, and they are all males. Thus, removal of these few animals will have no impact on the population. H.R. 2083 ensures the process currently used to oversee permitting and program implementation stays intact. Before new permitting there will be a NEPA review, a public comment period, and a taskforce process. After a permit is issued, the federally appointed taskforce is required to evaluate the program annually and make recommendations to NMFS to improve its effectiveness. H.R. 2083 does not expand the limit on the number of animals that may be lethally removed. Current law provides no limit to the number that the National Marine Fisheries Service may authorize states to remove. H.R. 2083 strengthens this by placing a basin wide cap on removal numbers that is linked to best available science. This means that if sea lion populations ever decline, the number of animals States and Treaty Tribes can remove will also decline. Our agencies are committed to ensuring our iconic salmon, steelhead, and sturgeon are conserved for current and future generations and that we have healthy and thriving pinniped populations. We would be deeply grateful for your acknowledgement that the issue of pinniped predation in the Columbia River must be addressed legislatively. We cannot thank you enough for your support on this issue. Sincerely, JOESTOHR , Acting Director, Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. CURTIS E. M ELCHER , Director, Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife. VIRGIL MOORE , Director, Idaho Fish and Game. JAIME A. P INKHAM , Executive Director, Columbia River InterTribal Fish Commission. 
Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Chairman, I want to speak to one piece. I keep hearing that this isn’t a silver bullet. No one is claiming that this is a silver bullet. This is a step in the right direction to protect endangered salmon runs that are critical for commercial, recreational, and Tribal resource use. This is really iconic to the Pacific Northwest, and it is part of our heritage. It is something that we would like to pass on to our kids and our grandkids. Passing this bill today allows us to do that. Ratepayers are so committed to this. In the States of Washington and Oregon, ratepayers who fund the Bonneville Power Administration and the dam—the hydro system—spend hundreds of millions of dollars a year. If you get it all together, it almost cracks $1 billion annually that is spent in mitigation efforts to protect the species that are impacted. As ratepayers, we spend a lot of money to protect and support these runs because it is so specific and unique to our way of life. This is a critical thing for us. It is one of those things where you literally can stand on the shore of the Columbia River and you can watch sea lions toss salmon, and you watch them play with salmon. You can come across carcasses of salmon on the river with a single bite mark taken out. I walked across and found a sturgeon longer than my arm with a single bite mark taken out of her stomach. Basically they took the eggs—they took the caviar—and then let it go. We look at that and we think we, as ratepayers, because we spend hundreds of millions of dollars to protect these runs and bring them back into fuller health, to watch these animals not even eat a full meal but just play with them, it makes you sick, Mr. Chairman. So if you are someone who believes in protecting species and having a balanced ecosystem—this isn’t about picking one species over the other. This is literally us trying to restore some balance here. It is one of those things where you would have to fight hard to find a reason not to support this. 
When very liberal Governors and very conservative Republican Governors come in and ask us to pass this legislation, it should cause you to stop and pause. This is one of those things that this body should be about, and today is a good chance to take a step forward in protecting these wild runs. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I want to indicate that the proponents of the legislation on both sides of the aisle, I understand, are representing not only constituent interests, but what they see is a good piece of legislation. Let me just end by saying that similar legislation has been proposed in previous Congresses, but this bill would allow more killing of seals and sea lions than all of those before it. When this version of the bill was introduced in 2015, it proposed an annual taking of 92 California sea lions. Under this legislation, H.R. 2083, this would increase by tenfold and would include the killing of Stellar sea lions and harbor seals. I am disappointed that the legislation before us today has gone in that direction. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, we have heard a lot of debate. This has been a good debate. I have been struck by the fact that every single speaker from the Northwest, on both sides of the aisle, has spoken in favor of this piece of legislation. b1515 I find that very remarkable. Rarely do we have that kind of consensus, and yet we have that here with H.R. 2083. Just to conclude, I would say that this is a commonsense piece of legislation. Unfortunately, the Federal Government sometimes has conflicting mandates. We have a law, on the one hand, that protects sea lions, but we have the endangered status of various salmon. These two are in conflict, unfortunately. So let’s take the side of the endangered species. We can do so on a limited and scientific basis, with the way that this bill has been crafted through a lot of compromise. In fact, before it even takes effect, there will be an environmental impact statement, which is a very lengthy process with lots of public comment, lots of judicial scrutiny, and so on. So I find this to be a very commonsense piece of legislation with a lot of compromise built in, a lot of consensus. It makes so much sense that I hope that there would be no opposition or almost no opposition when this comes up for a vote. Let’s all adopt H.R. 2083, a great piece of legislation for our environment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, today, I voted in support of H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act. This was a difficult decision. I voted for this bill because I strongly support the recovery of wild native fish populations in the Columbia River and its tributaries. There is an immediate, serious risk to native steelhead, among other fish, that this bill seeks to reduce. I, however, do not view this bill as a wise longterm strategy for salmon and steelhead recovery in the Columbia River Basin. While the detrimental impacts of sea lions need to be addressed, humancaused factors are the primary driver in the declining salmon and steelhead populations. Instead of focusing on sea lions—another protected species with an important role in our ecosystem—let’s actually confront the damage that we ourselves have caused. Pitting one treasured species against another does nothing to address the damage and obstacles that humans have forced upon this vital Pacific Northwest ecosystem. This will not be easy. The impediments are many—the impacts from dams, habitat degradation, unprecedented climate disruption, and more. Regional partners have been working for years to address these issues, and thankfully our native fish are strikingly resilient. But we must do much, much more. Let’s have a real conversation about the actual causes of salmon and steelhead decline and what we can do to meaningfully contribute to their recovery. While this bill may reduce some shortterm stressors, it is not a solution. Salmon and steelhead—iconic species in the Pacific Northwest—will only recover if we come together to face the facts and tackle the real issues that are our legacy—and our responsibility. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BARTON ). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–79. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2083 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembed, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act’’. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) prevention of predation by pinnipeds, recovery of salmonid stocks listed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and prevention of the future listings of fish stocks in the Columbia River under such Act are a vital priority; and (2) the Federal Government should continue to fund lethal and nonlethal removal of pinnipeds as well as deterrence measures for preventing such predation. 
SEC. 3. TAKING OF PINNIPEDS ON THE COLUMBIA RIVER AND ITS TRIBUTARIES TO PROTECT ENDANGERED AND THREATENED SPECIES OF SALMON AND OTHER NONLISTED FISH SPECIES. 
Section 120(f) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1389(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) TEMPORARY MARINE MAMMAL REMOVAL  AUTHORITY ON THE WATERS OF THE COLUMBIA  RIVER AND ITSTRIBUTARIES .— ‘‘(1) REMOVAL AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary may issue a permit to an eligible entity to authorize the intentional lethal taking on the waters of the Columbia River and its tributaries of individually identifiable pinnipeds that are part of a population or stock that is not categorized under this Act as depleted or strategic for the purpose of protecting— ‘‘(A) species of salmon, steelhead, or eulachon that are listed as endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and ‘‘(B) species of lamprey or sturgeon that are not listed as endangered or threatened but are listed as a species of concern. ‘‘(2) PERMIT PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—An eligible entity may apply to the Secretary for a permit under this subsection. ‘‘(B) DEADLINE FOR CONSIDERATION OF APPLI CATION .—The timelines and procedures described in subsection (c) shall apply to applications for permits under this subsection in the same manner such timelines apply to applications under subsection (b). ‘‘(C) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall establish procedures for coordination among eligible entities, including application procedures and timelines, geographic and speciesspecific considerations, and monitoring and periodic review. ‘‘(D) DURATION OF PERMIT .—A permit under this subsection shall be effective for not more than 5 years and may be renewed by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) LIMITATIONS ON ANNUAL TAKINGS .—The process for determining limitations on annual take of pinnipeds will follow the process established in subsection (c) and the cumulative number of pinnipeds authorized to be taken each year under all permits in effect under this subsection shall not exceed 10 percent of the annual potential biological removal level for pinnipeds. ‘‘(4) QUALIFIED INDIVIDUALS .—Intentional lethal takings under this subsection shall be humane and shall be implemented by agencies or qualified individuals described in subsection (c)(4), or by individuals employed by the eligible entities described in paragraph (6). ‘‘(5) SUSPENSION OF PERMITTING AUTHORITY .— If, 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, the Secretary, after consulting with State and tribal fishery managers, determines that lethal removal authority is no longer necessary to protect salmonid and other fish species from pinniped predation, the Secretary shall suspend the issuance of permits under this subsection. ‘‘(6) ELIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(I) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River and its tributaries, the State of Washington, the State of Oregon, and the State of Idaho; ‘‘(II) with respect to removal in the mainstem of the Columbia River and its tributaries, the Nez Perce Tribe, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, and the Columbia River Intertribal Fish Commission; and ‘‘(ii) DELEGATION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may allow an eligible entity described in clause (i)(II) to delegate its authority under a permit under this subsection to any entity described in clause (i)(II). ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL ELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Subject to the approval of the Secretary and in consultation with the Indian Tribes in subparagraph (A)(i)(II)— 
‘‘(I) the State of Washington may enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Cowlitz Indian Tribe for deterrence and removal of sea lions on the Cowlitz River. ‘‘(II) the State of Oregon may enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon and the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon for deterrence and removal of sea lions on the Willamette River. ‘‘(ii) CONSIDERATIONS .—In determining eligibility under this subparagraph, the Secretary shall consider the capacity of each Indian tribe to manage wildlife to meet the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(7) INDIVIDUAL EXCEPTION .—For purposes of this section, any pinniped located upstream of Columbia River river mile 112, or in any tributary to the Columbia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be individually identifiable. ‘‘(8) SIGNIFICANT NEGATIVE IMPACT EXCEP TION.—For purposes of this section, any pinniped located in the mainstem of the Columbia River upstream of river mile 112, or in any tributary to the Columbia River that includes spawning habitat of threatened or endangered salmon or steelhead is deemed to be having a significant negative impact on the decline or recovery of salmonid fishery stocks described in subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(9) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’. 
SEC. 4. TREATY RIGHTS OF FEDERALLY RECOGNIZED INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect or modify any treaty or other right of an Indian Tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–783. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KILMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–783. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘pinnipeds’’ in each place it appears and insert ‘‘sea lions’’. Strike ‘‘pinniped’’ in each place it appears and insert ‘‘sea lion’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to H.R. 2083. This simple amendment would narrow the scope of this bill to clarify our intent that the lethal take authority should be limited to sea lions, rather than all pinnipeds. This small but important distinction will help to ensure this authority targets only those animals that pose an imminent threat to our native ESA listed salmon and steelhead stocks. It will also help to align our bill with the Senate version that was recently introduced by Senators CANTWELL and RISCH, hopefully ensuring that this bill gets across the finish line as quickly as possible. That is absolutely critical, because some of our most vulnerable stocks face an imminent risk of extinction due to nonnative sea lion predation. So we must act now if we are going to save these runs. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, we have no objection to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I have no further speakers on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I thank the majority for their support of this amendment and for moving this important legislation forward, and I urge my colleagues to adopt it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 2 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . VARGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–783. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall study and report to the Congress on the potential effects of the lethal taking of pinnipeds on the recovery of salmonid stocks in the waters of the Columbia River and the tributaries of the Columbia River. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 3 shall take effect on the date that the Secretary submits to the Congress the report required under subsection (a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED  
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my amendment be modified with the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall study and report to the Congress on the potential effects of the lethal taking of pinnipeds on the recovery of salmonid stocks in the waters of the Columbia River and the tributaries of the Columbia River. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, salmon recovery is economically and culturally important to the country. Recovery efforts must be rooted in science to address the most prevalent threats: fish passage at dams, pesticides, fishing pressures, interactions with hatchery fish, and habitat loss. Currently, there is very little scientific evidence that sea lion predation has played a significant role in the overall decline of these salmon stocks. My amendment would rectify this lack of scientific evidence by requiring the Secretary of the Interior study and report to Congress on the effects of lethal takings of sea lions on the recovery of salmon stocks in the Columbia River system. If we are going to expand the lethal takings of sea lions, we should make sure it will help the salmon recover. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, we have no objection to this amendment, as modified. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. EMMER ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
BARTON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2083) to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 961, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by 5minute votes on: The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 5841; and, Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 288, nays 116, not voting 23, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sa´nchez Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—116 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Buchanan Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Crist Cummings Davidson Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Espaillat Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Krishnamoorthi Langevin Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Sean McEachin McGovern McNerney Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—23 
Black Carter (GA) Clarke (NY) Comer Crowley Curtis DeGette Donovan Ellison Engel Gowdy Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. McSally Meeks Moore Polis Rush Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) 
b1552 Messrs. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, NORCROSS, CUMMINGS, AL GREEN of Texas, COHEN, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Mr. DELANEY changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. SA´NCHEZ, Messrs. LARSON of Connecticut, VELA, BEYER, and BERA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to allow for the taking of pinnipeds on the Columbia River and its tributaries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK REVIEW MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5841) to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 400, nays 2, not voting 25, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano 
Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bass Black Carter (GA) Clarke (NY) Comer Crowley Curtis DeGette Donovan Ellison Engel Gowdy Gutie´rrez Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. McSally Meeks Moore Polis Rush Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Thompson (MS) Wilson (SC) Young (AK) 
b1601 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, on June 26, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and missed recorded votes 291 through 295. Had I been present, on rollcall No. 291, On Ordering the Previous Question, Providing for consideration of the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and the bill H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 292, On Agreeing to the Resolution, Providing for consideration of the bill H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; and the bill H.R. 2083, the Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 293, On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 4294—Prevention of Private Information Dissemination Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On rollcall No. 294, On Passage, Final Passage of H.R. 2083—Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Predation Prevention Act, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On rollcall No. 295, On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 5841—Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 294 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 295. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 2083, ENDANGERED SALMON AND FISHERIES PREDATION PREVENTION ACT Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the engrossment of the bill, H.R. 2083, the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections and conforming changes to the bill including the changes I have placed at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the modifications. The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 5, line 17, insert ‘‘(i)(I) or’’ after ‘‘clause’’ Page 5, line 19, insert ‘‘(i)(I) or’’ after ‘‘clause’’ Page 5, line 19, insert ‘‘eligible’’ before ‘‘entity’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. 
GENERAL LEAVE Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6157, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? There was no objection. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Washington? There was no objection. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 961 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEof Texas in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ), and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I am pleased to bring the Defense Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019 to the House floor for consideration. Congress’ number one responsibility is to provide for the defense of this Nation. It is this bill that fulfills that most fundamental constitutional duty. Last year, General Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said: ‘‘The U.S. military’s competitive advantage against potential adversaries is eroding. Over the last decade, sustained operational commitments, budgetary instability, and advances by our adversaries have threatened our ability to project power and we have lost our advantage in key warfighting areas.’’ My approach to funding this bill is based on that statement. The priorities funded in this bill not only stop the erosion, but also enable our military to restore and increase the competitive advantage. This is all possible because of the bipartisan budget agreement which has allowed us to provide the necessary resources. The fiscal year 2018 Defense Appropriation Act took the first step in rebuilding our military by addressing the toll taken on readiness, and began to make investments to improve our competitive advantage. Building on the gains we made in 2018 and guided by the new National Defense Strategy, the bill before you is the next critical step to enable Secretary Mattis to build a more lethal, resilient, and rapidly innovating joint force that can defeat the adversaries we face today and those we will face in the future. The bill also supports the Secretary’s efforts to work by, with, and through our allies and partners to help share the burden while protecting America’s interests around the world. This bill reflects the advice the subcommittee received in hearings, briefings, and meetings with Secretary Mattis, Chairman Dunford, the leadership of the military services, the Intelligence Committee, and other national security experts. The bill provides a total of $675 billion to the Department for fiscal year 2019. This is $19 billion above the fiscal year 2018 level and is consistent with total funding level in the Housepassed authorization bill. The bill provides full funding to address military personnel needs, including: full funding for an additional 16,400 active, guard and reserve soldiers, sailors and airmen. And full funding for the 2.6 percent pay raise for our troops. The bill provides critical funding to repair and improve our military readiness, including $1 billion over the request for training and equipping our troops, including the National Guard and Reserve, and for training, equipment, maintenance and spare parts, and base operations. It includes $21 billion for depot maintenance to get our planes and ships back in working order. For procurement, the bill provides adequate funding to modernize the force. Major investments include: increased funds for Strykers, Abrams tanks, Humvees, and other ground mobility vehicles. And to maintain air superiority, we provide increases for key platforms such as the Joint Strike Fighter, Apaches, Lakotas, Ospreys, Black Hawks, and C–130s. We maintain our commitment to the National Guard and Reserve components, providing $1.3 billion over the request, specifically for their equipment needs. For shipbuilding, we fund 12 Navy ships, 2 more than requested. To ensure our technological edge against our adversaries, $95 billion is included for research and development. We keep our commitment to take care of our servicemembers and their families by providing over $34 billion for defense health programs, including $752 million over the request for medical research. To address growing concerns on and around our military bases, we include over $1.2 billion to address environmental remediation and restoration. For ongoing global war on terrorism operations, the bill provides funding for additional intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance for the warfighter, and $250 million for Ukraine. Given the serious challenges and significant resources at stake, the committee continues to exercise strong oversight over the Department to ensure that our constituents’ tax dollars are being spent wisely. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my ranking member and partner, Mr. VISCLOSKY . His input has been invaluable. The bill before us is better because of his involvement. I also want to thank our full committee ranking member, Mrs. LOWEY , for her support for this important work done in this bill. Most importantly, I want to thank my full committee chairman and the previous subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ), for his leadership and his support. Sadly, this is the last Defense Appropriation bill that the chairman will manage in Congress. b1615 Throughout his service, he has shown an unwavering commitment to the needs of our military and intelligence communities. I will miss his wise counsel and steadfast commitment to the members of our military services. I want to thank all Members for their participation and input as we put together this bill. The subcommittee received over 6,600 requests from Members. The bill incorporates their ideas and recommendations, and I thank them for their continued support. I would like to personally thank our hardworking staff for helping make this bill possible. On our majority staff: Jennifer Miller, Walter Hearne, Brooke Boyer, B. G. Wright, Allison Deters, Collin Lee, Matt Bower, Jackie Ripke, Hayden Milberg, Bill Adkins, Sherry Young, and Barry Walker. On our minority staff: Becky Leggieri, Jennifer Chartrand, and Chris Bigelow. On my personal staff: Johnnie Kaberle, Jon Fay, and Spencer Freebairn. In closing, Mr. Chairman, the Defense Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019 is a great bill that takes the next critical step in rebuilding our military. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert offset folio 626/1 here EH260618.001dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY '2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy ....... , ......... , ...... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps .. , ..... , ....... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve .... , ........... . 
Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve .. , ..... . 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces .... . Environmental 
Restoration, DefenseWide ..... , ... , ...... . Environmental 
of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , ......... , ..... . 38,816,957 
Total. Title II, Operation and maintenance ........ 188,245,583 199,469,636 197,551,742 +2,517,825 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps ....... . 
Aircraft Procurement, Air Force ....... , , .... , .......... . 
Space Procurement, Air Force .............. ,, .... , .. ,, .. . 
Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force .. , ......... . 
Other Procurement, Air Force. . ... , ....... . 
Procurement, DefenseWide. . , . . . . .. . 
National Guard and Reserve Equipment .. , ............. . 5,535,794 
Insert offset folio 626/2 here EH260618.002dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army ........ 10,647,426 10,159,379 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy 18,010,754 18' 481 '666 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force ... 37,428,078 40,178,343 
DefenseWide '' ''.''''. '.'' ' ... ' .......... ' ... ' '.' .. '. 22.010,975 22,016,553 
Total, Title V, Revolving and Management Funds., .. 1,685,596 1 '542' 115 Bill 
Research, development, test and evaluation ... , ..... . 
.. .. ........ "' .. 993,816 854,814 329,273 36,224,921 
Insert offset folio 626/3 here EH260618.003dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
Trust Fund ( O&M, Navy trans fer authority) ............ . 
Fisher House O&M Army Navy Air Force transfer authority 
Public Schools on Military Installations (Sec.8118) .... . Working 
Total, Title VIII, General Provisions ... , ........ . FY 2018 
Military Personnel, Marine Corps (GWOT) .. , ............ . 
Military Personnel, Air Force (GWOT) ......... , ........ . Reserve 
Total. Military Personnel (OCO/GWOT) .... , ...... . 2,683,694 
4,326,172 2' 929' 154 2 '929' 154 +245,460 385,461 
Insert offset folio 626/4 here EH260618.004dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
Operation & Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve (GWOT) .. ,. 
Operation & Maintenance, Air Force Reserve (GWOT) ...... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard (GWOT) .... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Air National Guard (GWOT) ..... . 
Insert offset folio 626/5 here EH260618.005dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
(GWOT)..... . , , . , , .. , .. , , , . , , , . 
Office of the Inspector General (GWOT) .... ,., ..... 
W M W* * M ~.. ~ * .. 
.. .. .. .. .. .. 1 '595' 100 
Insert offset folio 626/6 here EH260618.006dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy (emergency) ....... , ... . 
Other Procurement, Air Force (emergency) ... , ....... , .. . Procurement, DefenseWide (emergency) ............ . 
Total, Title III, Procurement (emergency) ........ . Research, Development, 
Total. FY 2018 Missile Defeat and Defense Enhancements (emergency) 
Request Bi 11 Bill vs. Bill vs. Enacted Request 
Insert offset folio 626/7 here EH260618.007dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy (emergency) .... , ... , .... 
Operation and Maintenance, Air Force (emergency) ... , .. , . 
Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve (emergency) , . , .. 
'' .. '' .. ' .. '' .. ' .. '' ' .... ' ' .. '. '' .. ' .. '.' 
(PL 115123, DivB, Subdivision1, Title III) ..... FY 2018 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= Total, Other Appropriations., ............... , .... . Grand Total , 
Bill ......... , ...... , .... , ...... . 
Insert offset folio 626/8 here EH260618.008dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R. 6157) (Amounts 
Navy transfer to John C. Stennis Center for Public 
proviso. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. · · · · · · · · 
Title IV Research, Development, Test and Evaluation .. . 
Title V · Revolving and Management Funds ............... . 
Title VI Other Department of Defense Programs ........ . 
Title IX· Global War on Terrorism (GWOT) .............. . 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I would like to start by expressing my appreciation for how Chairwoman GRANGER has conducted the business of this subcommittee. Her abiding priority has remained the safety, effectiveness, and efficiency of every man and woman in uniform. Additionally, she has taken a thoughtful and bipartisan approach to our work. She has been transparent, considerate of every Member’s request in this body, and is a fierce defender of the oversight responsibilities and constitutional prerogatives of the Congress. I would also like to express my gratitude to Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member LOWEY , and the other members of the subcommittee for their efforts. This legislation would not have happened without the incredibly skilled staff that the chairwoman has just enumerated, and I will join her in thanking them for their outstanding work. I would also be remiss if I did not also use a portion of my time to recognize that this will be the last time I will manage time on a Defense appropriations bill with my very good friend, Chairman RODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , on the floor with us. He is a consummate gentleman, decent to his core, a tireless advocate for the people he represents, and always working for the best interest of our Nation and those wearing its uniform. He will be sorely missed, and this body will be lesser without him. I thank him for his service, and I thank him deeply for his friendship. With regards to the matters before us, I would like to begin by calling attention to an issue of great importance to me: the full integration of women in the military. Female servicemembers are invaluable to the defense of our Nation. For the majority of the time that they have been allowed in the military, women have had to assimilate into a culture established by men for men. This is not the best way to maximize the effectiveness of our armed services. While I appreciate the opening of combat career fields to women and the Department’s emerging effort to ensure that combat equipment is designed and fitted for female servicemembers, I would submit that these are immediateterm solutions. Bluntly, the rate at which women leave the service is detrimental to its readiness. Some of the reasons for their departures are glaringly obvious and will be difficult to overcome because they will require cultural and significant policy changes. But I am pleased that the House Armed Services Committee in their fiscal year 2019 authorization bill has taken a step to establish a female retention baseline and developed ways to improve female retention. Initiatives like these will help the Appropriations Committee to better focus funding where it can be most effective. Specific to the bill, the chairwoman has provided an accurate summary, but there are a few areas I would like to highlight. This bill increases funding by almost $200 million above the budget request for several important environmental cleanup accounts. The subcommittee under Chairwoman GRANGER and previously under Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN has been very proactive on emergency environmental issues, including those caused by firefighting chemicals. Those living on or near military facilities and everyone throughout our country should not have to worry about access to clean drinking water. Oversight of the management and expenditure of $674 billion is a core function of this subcommittee. As such, this bill contains several cuts to accounts that have large, unobligated balances or have under executed. The funds generated by those cuts have been invested in programs and initiatives that provide more benefit to our country and the warfighter. Unlike the recently debated and muchballyhooed rescission bill, these are actions of real substance that will benefit the taxpayer. I believe good oversight is fostered by constructive and informed dialogue between the committee and the agencies. Oversight cannot be effective when proposals are presented at the last minute with the intention of forcing a decision. Oversight cannot be effective when complex changes to a program are first communicated to the legislative branch through the media. I have great respect for the service secretaries and chiefs, but there needs to be an improvement in the timeliness and quality of communication. The committee report to accompany this bill contains several sections encouraging the department as a whole and with a special focus on the Army to adhere to congressional direction, increased transparency for budget exhibits, and improve the quality and timeliness of communication. I am cautiously optimistic that the bipartisan budget agreement, which provided relief from the Budget Control Act, will provide a pathway for completing the fiscal year 2019 bills in a somewhat timely manner. However, the next two fiscal years present daunting obstacles to make it even more important to complete our work as soon as possible. Most obvious is the return of the BCA caps for fiscal year 2020, which if left unchanged will require the department’s base funding to be reduced by $71 billion from the level provided in this bill. A reduction of that magnitude would cause great disruption. Inexplicably, multiple Congresses have managed to alleviate the budget caps for 7 of 8 years, but only after significant and protracted political theater. I know the senior leaders in the Pentagon are not taking chances and have begun to identify programs to cut in 2020 that will carry the least associated risk for the warfighter if these caps are not adjusted. Additionally, senior military leaders have testified that arresting the erosion of our military’s competitive advantage requires real budget growth of at least 3 percent above inflation through 2023, and that increasing that competitive advantage would require even higher growth. I agree with the assessment that we need to make smart investments, but I do not believe a growth rate of that magnitude is sustainable. Unless we act responsibly on the revenue side of the budget and address entitlements in a meaningful fashion, the money will not be there. While we are on the floor today debating the funding for the DOD bill, we must consider that maintaining our competitive advantage in defense also requires other investments that we do not immediately equate with military matters. As only 29 percent of Americans aged 17 to 24 qualify for military service, investments in our youth, difficulttoretain populations, education, and public health are equally important. Since fiscal year 2016, the annual funding level for the Department of Defense has increased by $100 billion. To put this into context, a $100 billion increase is larger than the annual budget for the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Education, and the Department of Transportation. It is greater than the combined annual budgets of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior. Finally, I remain concerned that while we have seen plenty of long awaited, longterm planning and strategy documents generated by the Pentagon and the White House over the last 500 days, the bulk of our ongoing military operations continue to be authorized by legislation from 17 years ago. There have been four Presidential elections and eight congressional elections since 2001 and its Authorization for Use of Military Force. I am disappointed that the Rules Committee did not make in order any amendments on this matter. It is a shame that this Congress cannot muster the will to even talk about this important issue. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I, again, thank the chairwoman for her great effort and her true partnership, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ), who is the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentlewoman for the time and rise in strong support of her bill, the Defense appropriations 
bill. I know I join Mrs. L OWEY in congratulating Ms. GRANGER and Mr. V ISCLOSKY for their excellent Defense appropriations bill and their joint dedication to a very bipartisan product. They continue, I think, a very proud tradition. Let me also acknowledge and thank the men and women who helped produce the bill who stand or sit behind us and who have been mentioned by both the ranking member and chairman. I want to thank them for making us look good and making sure that we have a very professional product. I do want to take the opportunity to thank the personal staff of the members on the committee as well as Steve Wilson from my office who has worked on my behalf for 15 years on defense issues. The distinguished chair, Ms. GRANGER , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY have outlined the specific recommendations and highlights of their bill. As we are aware, the bill totals $675.6 billion for the Department of Defense. This is consistent, as Ms. GRANGER has mentioned, with the bicameral, bipartisan budget agreement hammered out last spring. In addition to the increased funding in this bill, the balanced budget agreement also has provided what we call critically important stability and predictability to the Department of Defense, our Armed Forces, and our defense industrial base. Enhancing their ability to plan even in the short term is good news for national defense and that of our partners. For the future, I am deeply concerned that a return to the arbitrary caps established under the Budget Control Act 8 years ago would again force a return to the shortsighted, budget driven thinking on national security spending that took place in recent years. Mr. Chairman, the rebuilding of our military continues today with this legislation. This bill includes funding for more equipment, more munitions, more troops, and more training. Restoring readiness is a key objective of this proposal. We routinely ask our men and women in uniform—all volunteers—to go to great lengths to complete their missions, and they must be wellequipped, welltrained, and wellsupported. That is why this bill includes $246 billion for operation and maintenance—funding that will provide for more battle training, more flight hours, more steaming days, and more depot maintenance. The bill also includes a total of $144 billion for military personnel, increasing the size of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marines. I would also note that the chairman has mentioned we provide a 2.6 percent pay increase for our troops—the largest such pay increase in 9 years. The bill also looks after our Armed Forces and their families by providing funding for the Defense Health Program, continuing critical research, and sustaining the wellbeing of our military’s most valuable resource—its people. Beyond these important investments that will rebuild our military in the near term, the bill prepares for the future by providing research and development funding to modernize our military to meet current and future threats: the continued menace of terrorist networks in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, and Africa; ongoing threats by Iran and North Korea; the belligerent reemergence of China; and the military expansionism of Russia and China. Mr. Chairman, the legislation also acknowledges emerging dangers and challenges at home and abroad posed by drones, cyber war, and transnational crime, and makes investments in capabilities such as ISR and artificial intelligence to prepare and protect against these threats. In short, this bill prepares our warfighters to meet any challenge anywhere at any time. Mr. Chairman, the Department of Defense appropriations bill before the House today is the largest and arguably the most important bill of our annual appropriations process. It deserves our support. b1630 I congratulate the chairman, Ms. GRANGER , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY for putting forward an excellent bill on behalf of our Nation. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member of the committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, at the outset, I, too, want to thank Chairwoman GRANGER , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and Mr. VISCLOSKY for the coordinated, collegial approach in producing this very outstanding bill. Of course, the entire staff on both sides of the aisle, I thank them for their important work. We couldn’t do it without them, for sure. The bill does reflect the collegial and bipartisan tradition of the Defense Subcommittee, providing ample funding for the needs of our armed services and intelligence community. There are a number of provisions I would like to highlight: Servicemembers receive a 2.6 percent pay raise, although I am concerned their civilian counterparts who work sidebyside with uniformed personnel will not see any increase; $752 million is dedicated to congressionally directed medical research programs that are so critical and lead to breakthroughs on cancer, PTSD, Parkinson’s, and more; $8.4 is directed to bolster cybersecurity initiatives, $100 million above the enacted level; and, $500 million, the full amount in the MOU, is invested in the Israeli Missile Defense Cooperative program. The committee has taken its oversight responsibilities seriously to encourage greater efficiency, improve transparency, strengthen communication, and ensure the Department of Defense adheres to congressional direction. Unlike other spending measures considered this year, this bill is the product of an inclusive process that invests in bipartisan priorities and is free of poison pill riders. It was written within the funding levels agreed upon in the most recent budget agreement, skipping OCOtobase gimmicks previously employed to skirt the capped funding levels. Mr. Chairman, I urge its support. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), a member of the Defense Subcommittee. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Chairman, I am proud today to rise in support of H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019. I, too, want to commend Chairwoman GRANGER , Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY , and every member of our subcommittee for their commitment in providing for the common defense. I am honored by the opportunity to work with them to fulfill our duty to our Nation and our warfighters. Earlier this year, Mr. Chairman, this body and our President made a strong commitment to our military by passing necessary funding increases to meet our growing global threats. I am happy to report this bill continues that momentum by rebuilding readiness and giving our troops the equipment they need to combat nearpeer threats. Most importantly, this bill supports our warfighters through investments in training, recruitment, and retention, while providing them a muchdeserved pay raise. I am particularly pleased that the bill prioritizes funding for the total force. Mr. Chairman, as a 30year veteran of the National Guard, I know firsthand the important role the National Guard and Reserve forces play in our national defense. They are no longer simply a strategic reserve. They operate sidebyside with members of the Active component every day, and this bill makes sure that they go into the fight with necessary training and equipment. This is a good bill, Mr. Chairman, and I am proud to see it makes significant investments in Arkansas’ defense industry and acknowledges the important role these Arkansas businesses play in supplying our Armed Forces. With an ally in the White House, we can work with our colleagues in the Senate to provide our defenders what they need and deserve, and that is our unyielding support. I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make a statement of strength today and to show our enemies that, regardless of our disagreements, we will always support our men and women who willingly go into harm’s way to defend America’s freedom. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman GRANGER , Ranking Member VISCLOSKY , and the staff for their hard work on this legislation. The FY19 defense bill funds to the levels of the bipartisan budget agreement, providing robust investments in the Department of Defense. I believe we have achieved a bipartisan product that will improve the readiness of our servicemembers, to ensure that they have the training and the equipment necessary to do their jobs and come home safely. Additionally, this bill makes serious investments in environmental cleanup by funding the environmental remediation accounts at almost $200 million over the President’s request. This is a commitment that will ensure communities living on or around our military installations have access to clean drinking water. In Minnesota, this fund has been critical to cleaning up the Twin Cities Army Ammunition Plant. It is a site in my district. That restoration has made community and business development possible on what was once deeply polluted land. But I do want to mention one longstanding concern I have regarding the amount of money that we are set to spend on the Pentagon’s Nuclear Posture Review over the next decade. We already have a credible nuclear deterrent, spending more than $1 trillion on the nuclear triad and billions more on lowyield nuclear weapons we don’t need. It does not make a lot of budgetary sense to move forward on this program. The American people don’t see the sense in this either. That is why I don’t support this program. Again, I want to thank the chair and the ranking member for their work. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ), a member of Appropriations Committee. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise today as a proud member of the House Appropriations Committee in strong support of H.R. 6157, the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. This legislation makes critical investments in restoring our military’s readiness, supports our men and women in uniform with the largest pay increase in 9 years, and furthers Congress’ commitment to making America safer and stronger. I also want to thank Chairwoman GRANGER and her staff for including funding for several programs that are important not only to our Nation, Mr. Chairman, but also to my district in northeast Florida. This includes the procurement of 6 E–2D Advanced Hawkeyes, 10 P–8A Poseidon aircraft, 24 F/A–18 Super Hornets, 3 MQ–4C Triton unmanned aerial vehicles, and funding for the Air Force’s potential purchase of a light attack aircraft. As a representative of Naval Station Mayport, which is the East Coast homeport for the littoral combat ship, I am especially proud to see the committee reject the Navy’s request of only one LCS for this fiscal year. Procuring three of these small surface combatants, in addition to funding two LCS training facilities at Mayport in the MILCON/VA appropriations bill we passed earlier this year, is proof of Congress’ continued support of this program and to the health of our Nation’s shipyards. Both are essential to the future of our Navy and to our national security. As we continue to see global threats on the rise and our peer adversaries invest more and more in their own capabilities, I believe we have the responsibility to give our brave men and women in uniform the tools they need to protect this Nation. This bill builds on the progress we made in fiscal year 2018 to do just that. Again, I would like to thank Chairwoman GRANGER , Chairman F RELING HUYSEN , and both of their staffs for their hard work on this very important piece of legislation, which I hope the President can sign before the end of this fiscal year. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), ranking member of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding, and I wish to congratulate Chair GRANGER  and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for their tireless efforts to produce this bill to meet several unsettled security threats facing our Nation. The content of their effort addresses difficult, shifting challenges. With a National Defense Strategy delivered just months ago, this bill defends America against the revisionist powers of Russia and China and numerous rogue regimes throughout the world. It rebuilds our military from a deteriorated state resulting from nearly two decades of constant conflict. This bill faces these challenges head on and provides an unprecedented $675 billion for defense, defending our Nation from all enemies, foreign and domestic. The funds will go a long way to strengthen troop levels, bolster cybersecurity and space operations capability, gird our commitment to our allies and partners in NATO, check sovereign threats to nations like Ukraine, and numerous other priorities. Most importantly, after 17 years of war and conflict, this bill prioritizes the health of our servicemembers, providing $34 billion for the Defense Health Program. It increases funding for defense health research in the areas of mental health, traumatic brain injury, opioid abuse and pain management, and a host of other critical health research efforts. While I am supportive of this bill, and trust Secretary Mattis to lead us ethically with the utmost integrity, recent news reports that seek to utilize Department of Defense assets on the domestic front raise cause for concern. I am apprehensive about the news that our military was asked to house undocumented adults and children as they await court proceedings. In conclusion, I am here today to urge my colleagues to support the defense bill. This legislation provides funds for muchneeded technological advancements; strengthens the physical and mental health of our servicemembers; and reinforces our military strength for the future through major investments in readiness, force, and defense medicine. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ). Mr. BACON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairwoman and the ranking member for their leadership on this bill. I stand in support of the fiscal year 2019 Defense Appropriations bill. It funds our critical defense needs. It is a great investment in our men and women in uniform. It is going to give them the tools they need to receive. It starts restoring or military’s health. A year ago, we heard about half the Navy aircraft not being able to fly because of maintenance issues. Out of 58 combat brigades, only five are ready to fight tonight. Our fighter pilots are getting only onethird of the time they used to get 20 years ago. All of this is unacceptable. We have had 80 fatalities during routine operations. We restored military spending by 10 percent last year. This bill maintains that and keeps up with inflation. It is a great bill that is going to help restore our military. There are two points I would like to make with this bill, though. First, I want to thank the chairwoman for what she and the committee are doing with the OC–135. The OC–135 open skies aircraft flies out of Offutt Air Force Base. It is 57 years old. It supports the open skies mission when we overfly Russia. It has one of the worst maintenance rates in the United States Air Force. It frequently breaks down in Russia, putting them in very awkward, hostile situations with Russians at their bases. So I thank the Appropriations Committee for getting this funding process started to replace these aircraft. The Air Force wants it. It is the right thing to do. Secondly, this body has made great strides to get our bases in Europe independent from Russian gas. Our bases are there to deter the Russians. Yet, some of those bases are dependent on Russian gas. It doesn’t make sense. In time of hostilities, they will just turn that gas off and put our men and women in uniform in a terrible situation. 
We have made strides to force our military to find alternative sources of power. But I understand that a colleague on the other side of the aisle wants to submit an amendment removing those restrictions, so, once again, we will start using Russian gas. It is wrong. I thank the chairwoman for opposing the Huffman amendment. I do, too. This is a great appropriations bill. I stand in support. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), a member of the Committee on Appropriations as well as the Subcommittee on Defense Appropriations. b1645 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for their bipartisan work in support of our Nation’s military. I also thank the staff on both sides of the aisle because they have worked very hard to put this very important bill together. Mr. Chair, first I would like to highlight that this bill provides over $606 billion to rebuild our Armed Forces, including $338 billion to restore critical military readiness programs. This is a significant investment in the men and women who sacrifice so much to keep us safe. This bill also includes a 2.6 percent pay raise for our military families, the largest in 9 years, which is the least we can do to show our gratitude for their service to our country. There are other investments, and let me just highlight a couple of them. There is $40 million for military impact aid, which enables schools to provide specialized counseling programs to meet the unique needs of our military children. There is also an additional $10 million to fund programs aimed at supporting military families that have children with severe disabilities. There is also $203 million for the National Guard Counterdrug Program, which allows units to conduct more counterdrug operations and training exercises, which, again, will help us reduce the illegal drugs coming into our country. It also calls for research for rare cancers within the Department of Defense to help us better understand the unique exposure to cancercausing elements impacting our servicemembers. One more thing that I would like to highlight is that it calls on the Department of Defense to partner with HispanicServing Institutions in many specialties, especially foreign language programs and aircraft pilot programs. These types of partnerships will provide diversity. Again, there are a lot of other benefits. I want to say to both sides: A job well done. Keep working together. Let’s make this bipartisan. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), a distinguished member of the Defense Subcommittee. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, for more than a decade, we have overused and underinvested in the United States military. This bill marks a welcomed change of direction and a recapitalization of the American military. I could go through a lot of the weapons systems and missions and programs. I am fortunate enough to represent a district in which all four services are active, both at Fort Sill, where we have Marine artillery and Army artillery and air defense artillery, and Tinker Air Force Base, where we have the Navy E–6 wing as well as the largest air depot in the world. This bill will make a difference for all of those installations. Much more importantly, what the American people need to understand is, at the end of this process, we will have a larger Army, a larger Navy, a larger Air Force, and a larger Marine Corps. They will be better trained, better equipped, and better able to serve us and, thank goodness, better compensated as well. Mr. Chair, I want to thank, particularly, Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY . I wish people could have watched this process. I have served under three very capable chairmen on this subcommittee. To watch them work back and forth in such a bipartisan, pragmatic, and thorough way and to interact with professionals in our military and to give every member of that subcommittee an opportunity to participate in a meaningful way was a legislative marvel and probably a minor miracle in the way things go. I think you can see that just by listening to the remarks on both sides of the aisle about our chairman and our ranking member and the process in which they engaged. Mr. Chair, I want to urge everybody on the floor to vote for this bill. It was arrived at the right way. It is the right thing for the country and the American military. More than that, I am proud of our chairman, I am proud of our ranking member, and I am very proud to have been able to participate in this process. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I commend Ranking Member VISCLOSKY and Chairwoman GRANGER for producing a bill that provides the resources necessary for our armed services to perform the critical role of securing our Nation. The bill funds both the assets our armed services need and invests in servicemembers, providing for a 2.6 percent increase in military pay. I thank my colleague, the chairwoman from Texas, for including in the committee report language addressing the metastatic cancer task force report on research related to metastatic cancer. I look forward to working with the chairwoman and ranking member to ensure that DOD not only considers the recommendations from the task force, but expeditiously implements them to ensure that we are making progress in reducing the estimated 90 percent of cancer deaths that are due to the direct or indirect effects of metastasis. I thank the chairwoman for her commitment to doing that. Mr. Chairman, I also want to point out that I filed an amendment to this bill that would prevent agencies from stopping Members of Congress from visiting facilities housing foreign national minors. Last week, Senator NELSON and I were denied access, after first being told we would be admitted, to a temporary shelter housing foreign national minors in Homestead, Florida. Allowing Congress to conduct our appropriate oversight role without restriction is absolutely essential to us being able to make sure we can be good stewards of the people’s resources. Regardless of party affiliation, as Members of Congress, we should all agree that it is not only our right, but our duty to conduct oversight of the administration on our terms and on our timeline. I urge the Republican majority to make my amendment in order so that we can do just that. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to support this wellcrafted Defense Appropriations bill. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ). Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chair, I want to commend the subcommittee and the full committee for including in the base text a provision that says that no funds shall be used in contravention of the War Powers Act. This is a provision I originally proposed in 2011 as a floor vote. We lost at first, but it was adopted in 2011 and has been part of the base text ever since. The War Powers Act is the one restraint on a President who seeks to, on their own accord, send our troops into harm’s way for permanent warfare. It says that troops cannot be deployed for more than 60 or 90 days without an Authorization for Use of Military Force, but every President since the Vietnam war has claimed that the War Powers Act was an unconstitutional, nonbinding provision on the President’s power to send our troops. That is why I am pleased to report to the House that, when he testified before our committee, former Attorney General Mukasey said, But with this provision, the President has to abide by the War Powers Act. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank my dear friend from Indiana and his staff and thank the majority manager and her staff for their leadership on this bill. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of section 8129, particularly, of this bill. This section, Mr. Chairman, would finally allow the Secretary of Defense, in the event of a government shutdown, to make military death gratuity payments to families of fallen servicemembers. I commend the committee for including this long overdue provision, which was my number one priority request to the committee and the subject of bipartisan legislation I have introduced in every Congress. I was pleased to colead that with my friend TOMROONEYof Florida. It was shameful that Congress previously would allow the government to shut down and allow grieving families of fallen servicemembers to go without this small, impartial measure of our appreciation and gratitude for their loved one’s ultimate service. Sadly, that is what happened in the shutdown of October 2013 and the subsequent shutdown of January 2018. We must ensure this never happens again. The action taken by the committee pursuant to the bill we introduced does just that. I want to again thank the committee for righting a wrong. No grieving family should worry when Congress doesn’t do its job and allows the funding of the government to lapse that their payments remembering their loved ones and the sacrifice they made are at risk—never again. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their leadership. I thank the committee for righting this wrong. I am proud to have coauthored the bill that allowed us to get to this point. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of Section 8129 of this bill. This section would allow the Secretary of Defense, in the event of a government shutdown, to make military death gratuity payments to families of fallen service members. I commend the Committee for including this long overdue provision, which was my number one priority request to the Committee and the subject of bipartisan legislation I have introduced with my colleague Representative TOM ROONEY of Florida. It is shameful that Congress would allow the government to shut down and allow grieving military families to go without this small and partial measure of our gratitude for their loved one’s service. Sadly, that is what happened in October 2013 and January 2018. We must ensure that it never happens again. Thank you again to the Chairman and Ranking Member for being responsive to the more than 200 members who have cosponsored the Families of Fallen Servicemembers First Act (H.R. 1928) and the two dozen veterans organizations who have endorsed the bill. But most importantly, thank you for caring for our military families. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of the FY2019 Defense Appropriations bill. I commend Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member LOWEY , Subcommittee Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank our dedicated professional staff who have tirelessly worked on this bill. I have served on the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee for many years and providing for our men and women in uniform is a privilege and an honor. This bill provides vital funding for our Armed Services, including a 2.6 percent pay raise. This bill is an investment in our future superiority on land, air and at sea. Whether it is the procurement of nextgen platforms or systems, the recruitment and retention of our best and brightest, or investment in cuttingedge technology—this bill is a down payment on our future force. Earlier this year, Secretary Mattis released the National Defense Strategy. As we all know, our Secretary of Defense is focused on readiness and lethality. This bill meets the demands of the Department to restore our readiness levels, invest in lethality, buy the equipment that will maintain our military superiority, and provide for the health and welfare of our men and women in uniform. We are at a unique time in history that demands U.S. leadership throughout the world. As we know all too well, a power vacuum breeds instability and extremism. A strong U.S. military, with our allies, creates stability. After too many years of a budget driven strategy, this bill reflects the investment needed to maintain and secure U.S. interests around the world. The investment we make here today—about 16 percent of our entire federal budget—has dividends down the road for many years. The security of our nation, and the peace of the world, depends on a strong U.S. military. The power of the purse lies with Congress and today I urge all Members to vote in support of the FY2019 Defense Appropriations bill. The Senate is doing their work and expects to mark up their defense bill in the full committee later this week. The last time the House passed a stand alone Defense Appropriations Conference Report that was signed into law before the end of the fiscal year was September 2009. Let’s turn the page on CRs that cripple the Department and return to regular order. Thank you again to my colleagues who crafted this bill, to our military leadership and to the men and women of the United States military. I urge passage of this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for shepherding H.R. 6157, the ‘‘Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019,’’ to the floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12 increases funding for the PTSD by $5 million. These funds should be used toward outreach activities targeting hard to reach veterans, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas, who suffer from PostTraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). Mr. Chair, along with traumatic brain injury, PTSD is the signature wound suffered by the brave men and women fighting in Afghanistan, Iraq, and far off lands to defend the values and freedom we hold dear. For those of us whose daily existence is not lived in harm’s way, it is difficult to imagine the horrific images that American servicemen and women deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters of war see on a daily basis. In an instant a suicide bomber, an IED, or an insurgent can obliterate your best friend and right in front of your face. Yet, you are trained and expected to continue on with the mission, and you do, even though you may not even have reached your 20th birthday. But there always comes a reckoning. And it usually comes after the stress and trauma of battle is over and you are alone with your thoughts and memories. And the horror of those desperate and dangerous encounters with the enemy and your own mortality come flooding back. PTSD was first brought to public attention in relation to war veterans, but it can result from a variety of traumatic incidents, such as torture, being kidnapped or held captive, bombings, or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes. People with PTSD may startle easily, become emotionally numb (especially in relation to people with whom they used to be close), lose interest in things they used to enjoy, have trouble feeling affectionate, be irritable, become more aggressive, or even become violent. They avoid situations that remind them of the original incident, and anniversaries of the incident are often very difficult. Most people with PTSD repeatedly relive the trauma in their thoughts during the day and in nightmares when they sleep. These are called flashbacks; a person having a flashback may lose touch with reality and believe that the traumatic incident is happening all over again. Mr. Chair, the fact of the matter is that most veterans with PTSD also have other psychiatric disorders, which are a consequence of PTSD. These veterans have cooccurring disorders, which include depression, alcohol and/or drug abuse problems, panic, and/or other anxiety disorders. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12 recognizes that these soldiers are first and foremost, human, who live their experiences. Ask a veteran of Vietnam, Iraq, or Afghanistan about the frequency of nightmares they experience, and one will realize that serving in the Armed Forces leaves a lasting impression, whether good or bad. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12 will help ensure that ‘‘no soldier is left behind’’ by addressing the urgent need for more outreach toward hard to reach veterans suffering from PTSD, especially those who are homeless or reside in underserved urban and rural areas of our country. I urge all Members to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 12. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. 
An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–77 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 6157 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, for military functions administered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $43,093,752,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,254,211,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,770,968,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,357,311,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $4,848,947,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,055,221,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $777,390,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,853,526,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $8,589,785,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,707,240,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $41,334,782,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $48,963,337,000: Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,824,269,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $41,465,107,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $35,676,402,000: Provided, That not more than $7,503,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $42,300,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $4,500,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $19,160,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be 
purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $496,264,000, of which $124,066,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,877,402,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,019,966,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $281,570,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,212,234,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,329,771,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $6,438,162,000. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  ARMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,662,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $235,809,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $365,883,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $376,808,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $19,002,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $248,673,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , ANDCIVIC AID For expenses relating to the Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $117,663,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $350,240,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, $400,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or transferred to the Fund, or deposited into the Fund, in fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE III PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, 
equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,103,942,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,074,502,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,590,205,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,255,323,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and nontracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $7,683,632,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $20,107,195,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $3,555,587,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $973,556,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Columbia Class Submarine (AP), $2,949,400,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN 80), $1,598,181,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $4,340,676,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $2,796,401,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $425,873,000; DDG–1000 Program, $270,965,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $5,187,837,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $391,928,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,558,505,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $647,000,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $977,104,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,046,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $80,517,000; LCU 1700, $41,520,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $507,875,000; Service Craft, $72,062,000; LCAC SLEP, $23,321,000; For outfitting, postdelivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $557,457,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $207,099,000. In all: $22,708,767,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2023: Provided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2023, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for production of the common missile compartment of nuclearpowered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to support continuous production of such compartments only in accordance with the provisions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328)). OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $9,093,835,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $2,647,569,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $17,118,921,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,591,982,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,388,642,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,468,992,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway, $20,597,574,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $6,711,225,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  ACCOUNT  For procurement of rotarywing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,300,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense committees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this paragraph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition. DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $68,578,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $10,108,108,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $17,658,244,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $40,939,500,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $22,291,423,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engineering, testing, and validation; and transition to fullscale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $221,009,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,542,115,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $34,047,018,000; of which $31,758,947,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, and of which up to $15,211,801,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $844,834,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,443,237,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $752,600,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  DESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $993,816,000, of which $105,997,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $52,735,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $21,600,000 for activities on military installations and $31,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, to assist State and local governments; $1,091,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2021, of which $1,091,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; 
and $886,728,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $880,283,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counterdrug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $854,814,000, of which $530,285,000 shall be for counternarcotics support; $121,900,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; 197,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug program; and 5,276,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $329,273,000, of which $327,611,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; of which $60,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,602,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $512,424,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. SEC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. SEC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8005. Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,250,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. SEC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of specific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. SEC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense Wide’’; (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counterdrug Activities, Defense’’. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. SEC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been notified at least 30 days in advance of the proposed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear 
procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a followon contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for a multiyear procurement contract as follows: Standard Missile3 IB; F/A18E/F Super Hornet and EA18G Aircraft variants; E2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) Aircraft; and C130J, KC130J, HC130J, MC130J, AC130J Aircraft. SEC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to authorized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. SEC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Department of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any endstrength, and the management of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an endstrength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2020 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2020. (c) As required by section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Allowances, and the management of the workforce strength shall be done in a manner consistent with the budget available with respect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to military (civilian) technicians. SEC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. SEC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a fulltime student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a fulltime student is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided further, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. SEC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot MentorProte´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a MentorProte´ge´Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. SEC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. SEC. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. SEC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. SEC. 8019. Of the funds made available in this Act, $25,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. SEC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. SEC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contributions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. SEC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $46,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $33,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counterdrug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $10,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle procurement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counterdrug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. SEC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. 
(b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/ or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2019, not more than 6,030 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2020 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $179,000,000. SEC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Governmentowned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defenserelated articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. SEC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2019. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of Defense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. SEC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131). SEC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. SEC. 8031. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officer’s Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. SEC. 8032. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobaccorelated products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobaccorelated products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. SEC. 8033. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2020 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2020 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8034. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2020. SEC. 8035. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. SEC. 8036. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the 
Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expending the appropriation, purchase only American made equipment and products, provided that Americanmade equipment and products are costcompetitive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. SEC. 8037. (a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the department who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a casebycase basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel requirements or the financial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency established to administer the Air Force Mortuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. SEC. 8038. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to convert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a publicprivate competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official determines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organization’s personnelrelated costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employersponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list established pursuant to section 2 of the JavitsWagnerO’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or outsourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 8039. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $69,140,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $93,600,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $11,761,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $115,657,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $134,900,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $5,200,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $25,000,000; ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’, 2018/2020, $14,000,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, 2018/2019, $6,196,000; and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, 2018/2019, $17,500,000. SEC. 8040. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. SEC. 8041. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose. SEC. 8042. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. SEC. 8043. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. SEC. 8044. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. SEC. 8045. In addition to the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Provided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. SEC. 8046. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. SEC. 8047. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program setasides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they contribute to the extramural budget. SEC. 8048. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— 
(1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8049. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8050. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation account of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current appropriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Provided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. SEC. 8051. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a spaceavailable, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a casebycase basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8052. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide’’, $35,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. SEC. 8053. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to enditems used in development, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, submit a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for enditems used in development, prototyping and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. SEC. 8054. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a casebycase basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limitation regarding construction of public vessels, ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. SEC. 8055. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. SEC. 8056. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology demonstration project or joint capability demonstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. SEC. 8057. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly report to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. SEC. 8058. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reservist who is a member of the National Guard serving on full time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the groundbased elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. SEC. 8059. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovernmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a centerfire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor penetrator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armorpiercing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. SEC. 8060. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a casebycase basis. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8061. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $62,483,700 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 8062. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for 
the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed proposals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifications to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. SEC. 8063. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. SEC. 8064. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives under section 806(c)(4) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be submitted pursuant to that requirement concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8065. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’, $500,000,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $70,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter shortrange rocket threats, subject to the U.S.Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $187,000,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $50,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli co production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $80,000,000 shall be for an uppertier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $80,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli coproduction agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended; and $163,000,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8066. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $207,099,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Provided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2011/2019: LHA Replacement $25,100,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2019: DDG–51 Destroyer $53,966,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2019: Littoral Combat Ship $19,498,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: Littoral Combat Ship $83,686,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: LCAC $9,400,000; and (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2016/2019: TAO Fleet Oiler $15,449,000. SEC. 8067. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. SEC. 8068. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8069. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Operation and Maintenance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency operation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. SEC. 8070. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. SEC. 8071. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $5,000,000. SEC. 8072. The Secretary of Defense may use up to $800,000,000 of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services pursuant to section 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note): Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees promptly of all uses of this authority. SEC. 8073. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the nonhurricane season. SEC. 8074. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. SEC. 8075. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. SEC. 8076. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020. SEC. 8077. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. SEC. 8078. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. SEC. 8079. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, restructure, or realign Army Contracting Command— 
New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Contracting Command—New Jersey sites without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8080. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds, appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for support to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not participating, pursuant to section 331(d) of Title 10, United States Code, shall be made in accordance with sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8081. Any transfer of amounts appropriated to, credited to, or deposited in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in or for fiscal year 2019 to a military department or Defense Agency pursuant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8082. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. SEC. 8083. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the National Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that results in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. SEC. 8084. The Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future years intelligence program (including associated annexes) reflecting the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such futureyears intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. SEC. 8085. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8086. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8087. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be available for the purpose of making remittances to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 8089. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or independent contractor that mandates that the employee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or subcontractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to national security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8090. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $113,000,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the integrated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 8091. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8092. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8093. Upon a determination by the Director of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019. SEC. 8094. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify 
any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). SEC. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). SEC. 8098. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any subsidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federation have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. SEC. 8099. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8100. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders appointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia payments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this section may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipient is determined by the local military commander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be compensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) If the Secretary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces under the program should be determined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should include such factors as cultural appropriateness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) Local military commanders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this subsection. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Department of Defense regulations. (f) A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. SEC. 8101. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and nondeployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. SEC. 8102. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a searchable format. SEC. 8103. The Secretary of each military department, in reducing each research, development, test and evaluation and procurement account of the military department as required under paragraph (1) of section 828(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as amended by section 825(a)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, shall allocate the percentage reduction determined under paragraph (2) of such section 828(d) proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities under such account: Provided, That the authority under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) to transfer amounts available in the Rapid Prototyping Fund shall be subject to section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. SEC. 8105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. SEC. 8106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. SEC. 8107. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. SEC. 8108. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the congressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. SEC. 8109. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). SEC. 8110. None of the funds provided in this Act for the TAO Fleet Oiler program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equipment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. SEC. 8111. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $5,000,000. 
SEC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). SEC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8114. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $117,642,000 under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, and up to $39,400,000 under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’ to develop, replace, and sustain Federal Government security and suitability background investigation information technology systems of the Office of Personnel Management or other Federal agency responsible for conducting such investigations: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts into these headings or into ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’ using established reprogramming procedures prescribed in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14, Volume 3, Chapter 6, dated September 2015: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement, not supplant any other amounts made available to other Federal agencies for such purposes. SEC. 8115. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8116. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. SEC. 8117. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center established by section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8118. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $270,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be available to the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of Defense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjustment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition deficiencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this section a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the notice titled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expansion of Public Schools Located on Military Installations’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on September 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Provided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8119. In carrying out the program described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memorandum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive technology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. SEC. 8120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. SEC. 8121. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. SEC. 8122. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $50,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8123. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ is hereby reduced by $50,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8124. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the changes to the Joint Travel Regulations of the Department of Defense described in the memorandum of the Per Diem Travel and Transportation Allowance Committee titled ‘‘UTD/CTD for MAP 118–13/CAP 118–13  Flat Rate Per Diem for Long Term TDY’’ and dated October 1, 2014. SEC. 8125. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended to divest more than one E8C aircraft unless the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees that funds made available in this or any other Act have been obligated pursuant to the award of one or more contracts to continue the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization program. SEC. 8126. None of the funds provided for, or otherwise made available, in this or any other Act, may be obligated or expended by the Secretary of Defense to provide motorized vehicles, aviation platforms, munitions other than small arms and munitions appropriate for customary ceremonial honors, operational military units, or operational military platforms if the Secretary determines that providing such units, platforms, or equipment would undermine the readiness of such units, platforms, or equipment. SEC. 8127. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act to the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of any military department may be used to enter into a contract for the acquisition of furnished energy for the new Rhine Ordnance Barracks Army Medical Center until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a written certification that— (1) the source of furnished energy for such Medical Center will minimize the use of fuels sourced from inside the Russian Federation; (2) the design of such Medical Center will utilize a diversified energy supply from a mixed fuel system as the source of furnished energy to sustain mission critical operations during any sustained energy supply disruption caused by the Russian Federation; and (3) to the extent available, domestically sourced fuels shall be the preferred source for furnished energy for such Medical Center. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that a waiver of such subsection is necessary to protect the national security interests of the United States. SEC. 8128. The Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available under this or any other Act for procurement or for research, development, test and evaluation for the F35 Joint Strike Fighter to modify up to six F 35 aircraft, including up to two F35 aircraft of each variant, to a test configuration: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, notify the congressional defense committees not fewer than 30 days prior to obligating and expending funds under this section. SEC. 8129. Amounts appropriated for ″Defense Health Program″ in this Act and hereafter may be obligated to make death gratuity payments, as authorized in subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 10, United States Code, if no appropriation for ″Military Personnel″ is available for obligation for such payments: Provided, That such obligations may subsequently be recorded against appropriations available for ″Military Personnel.″ SEC. 8130. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended by the Department of Defense to migrate data and applications to the proposed Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure or the Defense Enterprise Office Solutions cloud computing services until a period of 90 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees— (1) a proposed plan to establish a budget accounting system that provides transparency across the Department, including all military Services and Defense Agencies, for funds requested and expended for all cloud computing services procured by the Department and funds requested and expended to migrate to a cloud computing environment; and (2) a detailed description of the Department’s strategy to implement enterprisewide cloud computing, including the goals and acquisition strategies for all proposed enterprisewide cloud computing service procurements; the strategy to sustain competition and innovation throughout the period of performance of each contract, including defining opportunities for multiple cloud service providers and insertion of new technologies; and an assessment of potential threats and security vulnerabilities of the proposed cloud computing strategy, and plans to mitigate such risks. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,929,154,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $385,461,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for 
Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $109,232,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $964,508,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $37,007,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $11,100,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,380,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $21,076,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $195,283,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,460,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $18,125,500,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $4,757,155,000, of which up to $165,000,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ account : Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,121,900,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $9,258,674,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $8,183,902,000: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That such reimbursement payments under the preceding proviso may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a nonreimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $850,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs, including programs to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $41,887,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $25,637,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,345,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $60,500,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $110,729,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,870,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $5,199,450,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any 
other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget subactivity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. COUNTER ISIS T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘CounterIslamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or individuals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, and such equipment may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $347,563,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, $1,770,270,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $1,102,108,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $309,525,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, $1,364,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $232,119,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $14,134,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $246,012,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $182,260,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $58,023,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $966,248,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, $493,526,000, to remain 
available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $1,421,516,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, $3,665,336,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’, $572,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $300,604,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $167,812,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $301,876,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense Wide’’, $410,544,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $15,190,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $352,068,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defense’’, $153,100,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,250,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance, or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all inhouse Government costs. SEC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may purchase for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. SEC. 9005. Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, smallscale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the proposed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a nonDepartment of Defense agency of the United States Government or a third party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and maintenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. SEC. 9006. Funds available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined operation with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. SEC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. SEC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of 
Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). SEC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any nonstandard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. SEC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. SEC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be used to provide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. SEC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘CounterISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative’’, $250,000,000 is hereby appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; lethal assistance; logistics support, supplies and services; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weapons or articles provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That of the amounts made available in this section, $50,000,000 shall be available only for lethal assistance described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1250(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 11492; 129 Stat 1068): Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. SEC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reimbursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e Tayyiba, JaisheMohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies are not intervening extrajudicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclearrelated material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judicial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver authority, the Secretaries shall report to the congressional defense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $770,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Provided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2019. SEC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). SEC. 9019. None of the funds in this Act may be made available for the transfer of additional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghanistan National Security Forces or the Afghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees of the Afghanistan Air Force’s medium airlift requirements. The report should identify Afghanistan’s ability to utilize and maintain existing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to provide additional support to the Afghanistan Air Force’s current medium airlift capacity. 
(RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 9020. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, 2017/2019, $2,216,000; ‘‘CounterISIS Train and Equip Fund’’, 2018/ 2019, $25,000,000; and ‘‘Coalition Support Fund’’, 2018/2019, $350,000,000. SEC. 9021. Funds available for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund may be used to provide limited training, equipment, and other assistance that would otherwise be prohibited by 10 U.S.C. 362 to a unit of the security forces of Afghanistan only if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees, within 30 days of a decision to provide such assistance, that (1) a denial of such assistance would present significant risk to U.S. or coalition forces or significantly undermine United States national security objectives in Afghanistan; and (2) the Secretary has sought a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to take all necessary corrective steps: Provided, That such certification shall be accompanied by a report describing: (1) the information relating to the gross violation of human rights; (2) the circumstances that necessitated the provision of such assistance; (3) the Afghan security force unit involved; (4) the assistance provided and the assistance withheld; and (5) the corrective steps to be taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That every 120 days after the initial report an additional report shall be submitted detailing the status of any corrective steps taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That if the Government of Afghanistan has not initiated necessary corrective steps within one year of the certification, the authority under this section to provide assistance to such unit shall no longer apply: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit a report to such committees detailing the final disposition of the case by the Government of Afghanistan. 
SEC. 9022. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. TITLE X—ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  SEC. 10001. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against the bill? No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115– 783, and pro forma amendments described in section 3 of House Resolution 961. Each further amendment printed in part A of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 3 of House Resolution 961, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 2, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, let me first thank Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY and the staff for shepherding this legislation. My amendment provides flexibility for the Secretary of Defense to allocate resources needed to provide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, terrorism, human trafficking, and narcotics trafficking, to ameliorate their impact on women and girls across the globe. More and more, we are seeing that, in the countries where terror is perpetrated, more women are being allowed to be part of their military. We know of the growing leadership of women in our military, rising in responsibility and rank throughout all of the services. As a member of the Afghan task force, which I cochaired for a number of years, I have seen women leadership dealing with peace around the world. The purpose of my amendment is to provide the Secretary of Defense flexibility to work with military women in the United States, for them to interact with military women facetoface, one onone, as they work to develop security measures that, in particular, will protect women and girls. Women and girls are more subject to human trafficking. They are more subject to being victims of narcotics trafficking. They are more subject to being victims of war and terrorism as they try to protect their families. I remember, in the early stages of the Afghan war and after the attempt with the new President to begin to write a constitution in Afghanistan, one of the issues was to elect more women at that time. b1700 We did do that. I met those women who were in the Afghan Government. But, tragically, in the period of time that we left to go to Iraq, many of those women were killed as they went to their home districts. So the idea of protecting women through women who are in the military, or to develop strategies, is very important. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment to foster peace and relationships and the interaction between women here in the United States, with their expertise, and women who are now rising in various militaries in countries where terrorism is raging, to be able to help those women as well. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member V ISCLOSKY for shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces who risk their lives to keep our nation safe and for their work in ensuring that they have resources needed to keep our Armed Forces the greatest fighting force for peace on earth. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to explain my amendment, which is simple and straightforward and affirms an example of the national goodness that makes America the most exceptional nation on earth. The purpose of Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 is to provide the Secretary of Defense flexibility to allocate resources needed to provide technical assistance by U.S. military women to military women in other countries combating violence as a weapon of war, terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking. Mr. Chairman, the United States is committed to combating violent extremism, protecting our borders and the globe from the scourge of terrorism. The United States Armed Forces possess an unparalleled expertise and technological capability that will aid not only in combating and defeating terrorists who hate our country and prey upon innocent persons, especially women, girls, and the elderly. But we must recognize that notwithstanding our extraordinary technical military capabilities, we face adversaries who adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geographic limitations or norms of morality and decency. Al Qaeda, Boko Haram, Al Shabaab, ISIS/ ISIL and other militant terrorists, including the Sinai’s Ansar Beit alMaqdis in the Sinai Peninsula which poses a threat to Egypt. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 help provide the Department of Defense with the resources needed to provide technical assistance to countries on innovative strategies to provide defense technologies and resources that promote the security of the American people and allied nation states. Terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking and their impact on women and girls across the globe has had a great adverse impact on us all. According to a UNICEF report, rape, torture and human trafficking by terrorist and militant groups have been employed as weapons of war, affecting over twenty thousand women and girls. Looking at the history of terrorism highlights the importance of providing technical assistance through our military might, as this enables us to combat terrorism which now can plague us here in the United States. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1 will help curb terrorism abroad by making available American technical military expertise to military in other countries, like Nigeria, who are combating violent jihadists in their country and to keep those terrorists out of our country. Time and again American lives have been lost at the hands of terrorists. These victims include Christians, Muslims, journalists, health care providers, relief workers, schoolchildren, and members of the diplomatic corps and the Armed Services. This is why the technical assistance offered by our military personnel is integral to promoting security operation of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance aircraft for missions to empower local forces to combat terrorism. Terrorists across the globe have wreaked havoc on our society and cannot not be tolerated or ignored, for their actions pose a threat to our national security and the security of the world. Mr. Chairman, from the United States to Africa to Europe to Asia and the Middle East, it is clear that combating terrorism remains one of highest national priorities. Collectively, helping our neighbors and their military build capacity to combat terrorism, eradicate human trafficking, stop narcotics trafficking and negate their impact on women and girls across the globe serves our national interest. I urge my colleagues to support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 1. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s concerns. It is important to discuss these important issues. I will continue to work with the gentlewoman and the department to ensure that these issues are addressed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her understanding and graciousness, as well as I thank the ranking member. This is something I have worked on over the years. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to emphasize that terrorism, human trafficking, narcotics trafficking, and their impact on women and girls across the globe has had a great adverse impact on us all. According to a UNICEF report, rape, torture, and human trafficking by terrorists and militant groups have been employed as weapons of war, affecting more than 20,000 women and girls. I am sure that number has grown. We are all well aware of the Chibok girls taken in Nigeria as victims of Boko Haram. I am grateful for this amendment because the victims have included Christians, Muslims, journalists, healthcare providers, relief workers, schoolchildren, and members of the diplomatic corps and the armed services. Working with our women in the United States military and our efforts with strategy will be an effective tool in helping women across the world. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) for the purpose of engaging in a colloquy. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, increasing funding for arthritis research within the Department of Defense is an issue that deserves and warrants our attention. Military servicemembers and veterans live with arthritis at significantly higher rates than civilians. A recent study found that servicemembers aged 20 to 24 had osteoarthritis at a 26 percent higher rate than their civilian counterparts. In the same study, servicemembers over 40 are twice as likely to develop osteoarthritis after returning to civilian life. Arthritis affects one in three veterans and is the second leading cause of medical discharges. The corresponding healthcare and disability compensation costs are ultimately borne by the taxpayer. But by increasing research funding, we could help identify ways to reduce the risk and help prevent the development of arthritis in our military training and service. As cochairman of the Arthritis Caucus with ANNAESHOO , I have been engaged with the Arthritis Foundation, the American College of Rheumatology, and other organizations on this important issue. We are asking Chairwoman GRANGER to commit to working with us to ensure that arthritis research receives the funding it deserves. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, I appreciate the gentleman’s concern to provide adequate funding for arthritis research. I am a strong supporter of funding in this area. Each year, Congress provides funding for medical research through the Defense Health Program. Arthritis research previously has received millions of dollars in research grants. I do appreciate his interest and engagement on behalf of our warfighters. I agree to work with the gentleman from West Virginia on this important topic. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her consideration on this important issue, and I look forward to working with her as we move forward. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 7, line 6, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(reduced by $5,600,000)’’. Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount inset the following: ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase STARBASE program funding by $5 million for fiscal year 2019, for a total of $35 million. STARBASE is currently active in 33 States and Puerto Rico at a total of 66 locations. It engages local fifth grade elementary students by exposing them to STEM subjects through a handson curriculum. The program is carried out by the military services because the Department of Defense has identified a shortage of young adults graduating from the hard sciences. Many students in the program have no prior exposure to realworld STEM opportunities or military services. STARBASE strengthens ties between the military and their communities, and promotes strong STEM skills in the next generation of young people. Not only do students enjoy the STEM program, the program works. In 2017, for example, knowledge scores of chemistry, engineering, math, physics, and technology increased by almost 30 percent for all students. It consistently improves favorability scores of math and science. Students were 8.28 percent more likely to say that they liked engineering, for example. Again, I repeat: the program works. It is one of the most costeffective programs across the Federal Government, costing only $328 per student. We had 2,952 classes in 2017, serving 1,381 schools. Since its inception, STARBASE has served approximately 1,110,590 students from 40 States. With these additional resources, STARBASE hopes to expand to Patrick Air Force Base in Florida; the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs; as well as Anchorage, Alaska; Nashville, Tennessee; and many other sites across the country that have asked for this program. Mr. Chairman, this is very important. I, along with my colleague Representative COLE, urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, the STARBASE program supports programs to improve the interests and skills of students in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Military volunteers engage students through experimental learning, and the program has a proven record of success. As a result, the committee provided an additional $30 million in the bill for the STARBASE program. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount insert the following: ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I congratulate Chairwoman GRANGER  and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for this great bill. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment, which increases the funding for the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program by a mere $6 million to match the program’s 2018 funding of $180 million. This increase in funding is made possible by reducing the operations and maintenance defensewide account by the same amount. An increase in funding would allow the Department of Defense to continue three Job ChalleNGe programs in Georgia, Michigan, and South Carolina that were previously funded through a Department of Labor grant that is currently ending. It will also help start new pilot Job ChalleNGe programs in Alaska, California, Louisiana, and West Virginia that have demonstrated initiatives in combining education credentials with job training courses. The Job ChalleNGe program acts as a postresidential program for Youth ChalleNGe graduates to gain job skills and/or apprenticeship training. For States that cannot expand or open another program at this time, the funding would allow them to focus on the next step for their graduated cadets. It would also help prepare them with essential skills to go join the workforce after completion of both the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program and the Job ChalleNGe program. The Youth ChalleNGe program has graduated more than 150,000 of our Nation’s high school dropouts. The voluntary 22
1⁄2week program is directed at 16 to 18yearold youth, and comes at no cost to them or their families. It is led by National Guard cadre who help enhance the cadets’ life, physical, and education skills, and they assist them in obtaining their high school diplomas or GEDs. The program has grown from 10 to 40 programs nationwide since 1993. A 2012 RAND study found that every dollar spent on the program results in a return of $2.66. This further shows that the program has distinguished itself as the most effective and costefficient youth intervention program for the lives of troubled, atrisk young men and women. The program is supported by the Youth ChalleNGe Caucus here in Congress. With my cochair, Mr. MCKINLEY, the caucus provides a forum for Members of Congress and their staffs to learn more about the program and work toward solutions to address the epidemic of dropping out of high school. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. MCKINLEY, my partner, for working with my office on this amendment and for being its cosponsor. I urge Members to support this amendment, which would provide atrisk youth with a second chance, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, the National Guard Youth ChalleNGe Program is a youth development program that works to improve the life skills and employment potential of our youth through military base training and supervised work experience. Like my colleague, I support this important program. This is why the bill includes $175 million to support the program. An additional $6 million will allow the program to have a similar budget to the FY18 level. Mr. Chairman, I support the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLI TANO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000) (increased by $250,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. b1715 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment along with Congressman EMMER of Minnesota, and I want to thank him for his continued support on this issue. Our amendment would provide $250,000 to initiate the creation and distribution of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. Last fall, an amendment to create this medal was dropped from the NDAA conference report. I find that shocking, as this amendment, which I offered along with Mr. EMMER , was approved by the House unanimously by a vote of 424–0. Last month the House once again voted to include the Atomic Veterans Service Medal in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA. I respectfully ask my colleagues that we now provide the necessary funding to honor these veterans and initiate the process to provide them with this service medal. Between 1945 and 1962, about 225,000 members of our Armed Forces participated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. Now known as atomic veterans, these GIs were placed in extremely dangerous areas and were consistently exposed to potentially dangerous levels of radiation. They were sworn to secrecy, unable to even talk to their doctors about their past exposure to radiation. Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush recognized the atomic veterans’ valiant service and acted to provide specialized care and compensation for their harrowing duty. In 2007, our allies, Great Britain, New Zealand, and Australia, authorized their versions of this medal to honor their atomic veterans who served with the United States. Regrettably, the Pentagon remains silent on honoring our atomic veterans, arguing that doing so would diminish the service of other military personnel who were tasked with dangerous missions. Well, I find that a pitiful excuse. Tragically, more than 75 percent of atomic veterans have already passed away, never having received this recognition. They served honorably and kept a code of silence that most certainly led to many of them passing away prematurely. Past administrations and Congresses have dealt with the thornier issues of legality and compensation. What remains is recognizing these veterans’ duty, honor, and faithful service to our Nation. And time is running out. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the McGovernEmmer bipartisan amendment on atomic veterans, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I share the gentleman’s support of the veterans who bravely served our country and were exposed to radiation during nuclear weapons tests. Military commanders have numerous personal military declarations, such as meritorious service medals, commendation medals, and achievement medals available to appropriately recognize members for their specific actions or sustained meritorious service. However, recognizing these individuals for their sacrifice is a very good idea; therefore, I support the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Will the gentlewoman yield? 
Ms. GRANGER. I yield to the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment and thank him very much for offering it. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the McGovern/Emmer Amendment to the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Throughout my time in Congress, I have been privileged to meet with many of our nation’s veterans. The men and women in our armed forces are heroes and embody the best our nation has to offer. Yet, far too often they do not receive the recognition and credit they deserve. This is especially true when it comes to our nation’s Atomic Veterans. From 1945 to 1962, nearly a quarter of a million servicemen played a role in the testing of nuclear weapons, earning them the title of ‘‘Atomic Veterans’’. They risked their lives and were forced to suffer in silence without proper recognition for their service and bravery. Since 1990, the federal government has taken different steps to recognize and thank these Atomic Vets, but all have fallen short of official recognition through an award or medal. Today, that can change with the support from the men and women in this Congress. With this amendment, we have an opportunity to finally acknowledge the incredible sacrifice these courageous individuals made more than a half century ago. Our amendment builds upon the authorizing language which has been unanimously adopted by the House of Representatives in every National Defense Authorization Act for the past three years. That language requires the Department of Defense to issue a service medal to the veterans or surviving families of those members of our Armed Forces who participated in aboveground nuclear weapons testing; were part of the U.S. military occupation forces in or around Hiroshima and Nagasaki before 1946; or were held as POWs in or near Hiroshima or Nagasaki. Our amendment today would provide $250,000 for the Department of Defense to begin the process of creating this award so we can honor the individuals who have served their country. These veterans left their homes, left their families, and put their lives on the line to protect the freedoms and liberties we enjoy each and every day. Unfortunately, this recognition may come too late for many of our Atomic Vets, but it is our job to ensure these brave soldiers get the recognition they deserve. Again, I’d like to thank Congressman MCGOVERN and his staff for his efforts on this issue, as well as Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for their hard work on the underlying bill. I urge adoption of this amendment. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALBERG ) having assumed the chair, Mr. POEof Texas, Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 29, 2018, THROUGH JULY 9, 2018 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–785) on the resolution (H. Res. 964) providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from June 29, 2018, through July 9, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 200, STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–786) on the resolution (H. Res. 965) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 200) to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 961 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 6157. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) kindly resume the chair. b1721 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. POEof Texas in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–783 offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . ALLEN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, first I would like to thank Chairwoman GRANGER for her leadership and hard work on this critical legislation. Voting for the annual Department of Defense Appropriations Act is one of the most important votes I take each year, and the great bipartisan work that the chairwoman and the ranking member have done to ensure that our military is fully funded is truly commendable. I rise today to talk about the Allen Raskin amendment to H.R. 6157. This bipartisan amendment allocates $10 million to the defense POW/Missing Persons Accounting Agency to assist in identifying unclaimed remains missing since the Korean conflict. As of today, there are almost 7,700 total personnel missing and unaccounted for since the Korean conflict. One of those still unaccounted for is Private First Class Ivan Roberts, a proud native of Georgia’s 12th Congressional District. On November 5, 1951, Private First Class Roberts and three other men from Alpha Company 5th Calvary Regiment went missing during an attack to secure a Korean hill complex. Although I never had the opportunity to meet Private First Class Roberts, I was able to meet his family and loved ones at a recent memorial ceremony in his honor, and I know that he was a beloved hero and patriot whose family wants peace and closure. As you may know, in the recent historic summit between President Trump and North Korea’s Kim Jongun, President Trump asked North Korea to return the remains of U.S. servicemembers lost in the Korean war, and Kim Jongun agreed. There are currently over 200 missing servicemembers in the process of being returned to the United States. My colleague and I want to ensure that the defense POW/Missing Persons Accounting Agency has the resources it needs to identify the remains and carry out this important mission so 
that families can finally find an eternal resting place for their loved ones. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Maryland, Congressman JAMIE RASKIN , for joining me in introducing this important amendment, and I urge all of my colleagues in the House to support the AllenRaskin amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the defense POW/MIA Accounting Office performs tireless work to track, locate, and recover our fallen heroes, and I thank them for their continued efforts. Like my colleague, I support this important program. That is why the bill includes $10 million above the budget request to accelerate efforts to return our fallen heroes home where they belong. An additional $10 million will allow the program to continue to be successful; therefore, I support the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chair, again, I would like to thank the chairwoman and ranking member for their work on the Department of Defense Appropriations Act and for approving an additional $10 million above the President’s budget request to adequately fund this important mission. It is important to note that this amendment is offset by reducing other accounts. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of the AllenRaskin amendment to ensure that the Defense POW/Missing Persons Accounting Agency has the resources it needs to identify remains since the Korean conflict. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $65,000,000)’’. Page 27, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $65,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the underlying legislation, H.R. 6157, the Defense Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019, and I appreciate the chairwoman’s hard work on this issue and her support for our troops. My amendment is about the A–10 Warthog. Three years ago, when I first came to Congress, I began to fight against the Obama administration and their plan to mothball the entire A–10 Warthog fleet. This is an airplane I flew and commanded in combat. I know a little bit about it. We won that fight. Since then, the A–10 has been pivotal in schwacking ISIS and bolstering European defenses, being ready south of the DMZ, and it has now been sent back to Afghanistan. Just recently, I visited the 25th Fighter Squadron in Korea, which continues to serve on the front lines just south of the DMZ. From close air support to combat search and rescue, the Warthog continues to do the heavy lifting in saving lives wherever it is called. Now our fight is to ensure that we minimize any operational impact on the A–10 fleet as it carries out these vital missions. Of the 281 A–10s in the fleet, 109 of them still need new wing sets in order to remain in the air and to fight. I fought for and got funding in the fiscal year 2018 bill to start this rewinging again, and we are glad to see the Air Force has chosen to include additional funding in this year’s base request to continue the rewinging. In fact, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson told the House Armed Services Committee publicly for the first time in March, the Air Force ‘‘expects the A–10 to continue flying until at least 2030.’’ Now that we are all on the same page, we can’t afford to lose the A–10’s critical capabilities. We must move as quickly as possible to rewing the rest of the fleet in order to mitigate impacts to current operations. That is why the House and Senate NDAA bills both authorized an additional $65 million above the requested amount currently included in this appropriations bill, for a total of $144 million for the A–10 rewinging in fiscal year 2019. If we only appropriate the base request currently included in the bill, we will only secure enough funding to re wing somewhere between 12 and 16 aircraft. At that rate, it will just take too long to rewing the remaining 109 A– 10s. It is just not fast enough. These missions are happening now. We are literally flying the wings off of these airplanes today, and our enemies won’t wait. We must accelerate the A–10 rewing to ensure that we maintain these critical missions and capabilities for our troops. My amendment simply funds the A–10 wing replacement program to the fully authorized House and Senate NDAA level by adding an additional $65 million above the request. Mr. Chair, I urge our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would add to the $120 million for A–10 wings that has already been provided, as well as the $79 million included in the Air Force budget request. The Air Force has indicated to us that the additional funding in this amendment can be executed upon contract award, which is expected by the middle of 2019. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I want to say I just appreciate the chairwoman’s support for this amendment and for the critical missions of the A– 10. I would ask everyone to please support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 31, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Quantum Information Science program within the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army account by $5 million, and decrease the operation and maintenance defensewide fund by an equal amount. This amendment is intended to increase funding for innovative research projects within the Army’s Quantum Information Science program, QIS. This program sits at the intersection of 
quantum, material, computer, and engineering sciences with the potential to revolutionize multiple technologies for the Army, Department of Defense, and the country as a whole. These funds will allow the United States to maintain its vital leadership and quantum science. The importance of quantum science to our national security cannot be understated. The nation that first develops quantum communications technology will be able to completely secure networks and possess powerful decoding capabilities. Recognizing the promise of this groundbreaking technology, China has publicly stated its goal of surpassing the U.S. in quantum computing in the next decade and has invested $10 billion to construct a stateoftheart quantum research facility. Investing in quantum information science will help the U.S. preserve itself as a global leader in the 21st century. The U.S. must preserve its global leadership in science and technology, and this amendment is a step in the right direction. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his attempt to highlight the importance of this critical research requirement. The Army is responsible for studying how a quantum network may provide enhanced capabilities for command and control and intelligence surveillance and reconnaissance applications. This funding will help those efforts. I appreciate the gentleman’s concerns, and I accept the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $33,000,000)’’. Page 31, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to, first of all, thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order, as well as Chairwoman GRANGER and Ranking Member VISCLOSKY for their hard work on this very important bill. Mr. Chairman, I offered this bipartisan amendment with my good friend and colleague, Mr. GALLAGHER , in support of the electromagnetic railgun, a technology that has been described as ‘‘revolutionary’’ and a potential multimission ‘‘game changer’’ for longrange landattack, ballistic missile and cruise missile defense, and antisurface warfare. In brief, this weapon system uses magnetic fields to launch a guided projectile with sufficient kinetic energy to travel significantly farther than conventional explosive propellants. Railguns also have more lethality at range than traditional gunfire. They are considerably more cost effective. Whereas lowcost kinetic defenses run around $400,000 per round, surfacetoair interceptors and guided hypervelocity projectiles can cost less than 10 percent as much. Mr. Chairman, these technologies have matured to a point where they can provide military capabilities for the warfighter now for Army, Marine Corps, and Navy applications, addressing critical gaps in U.S. air defense against growing threats from peer and near peer competitors. Mr. Chairman, we must recognize that the best mix of air and missile defense will consist of complementary kinetic and nonkinetic weapon systems, enhancing our capability to defeat larger salvos of air and missile threats. So railgun has already demonstrated the capability to launch projectiles at higher velocity than conventional naval guns, which provides extended range, improved response time, and enhanced lethality. Appropriating the transition funding for these efforts will sincerely help in achieving these objectives for both our ground and naval forces. For the last several years, this amendment has been passed out of the House with bipartisan support in order to give the Department the appropriate resources to continue development and integration of this extremely promising technology. I hope the House will do the same this year. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s amendment. I agree with everything he has said relative to the value of the program. But I would point out to my colleagues that, in our bill, we include $145 million for directed energy and railgun weapon efforts; and this is an increase of $25 million over last year’s level, 2018, of $120 million. I would congratulate the gentleman that this time last year he had an amendment on the floor that was successful in adding $24 million to that program, bringing it up to $120 million. However, we are 8 months into the fiscal year and, to date, the Department has only spent about 20 percent of that money, that is, $24 million. I would also, again, point out, in the underlying bill, we have increased that $120 million to $145 million, so we do, as a committee, understand the potential of the program. However, I think it is not good policy to continue to increase funding for the program without allowing the services time to adequately research and learn from their past investments. Why should we continue to add more funding before the prior year’s funding can even be spent or reasonably assessed as far as progress being made? Therefore, with all due respect to the gentleman, I must oppose his amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s input, but I will remind the gentleman that significant progress has been made on directed energy as well. And although the gentleman raises the point that there are additional funds for directed energy and, potentially, for railguns does not guarantee that the funds are going to be used for railgun itself. Right now, the Army, Navy, and Air Force have made significant progress in directed energy capabilities that have been under R&D in the labs for years and are at the point where they are ready to mature and be deployed in the hands of the warfighter. What this amendment ensures is that the funds actually will go to railgun and see that technology, as well, mature so we can more quickly get it into the hands of the warfighter, whether it is for the Navy or for the Army. I would also mention to the gentleman, point out, that our adversaries are not standing still on this technology. China is, in fact, fielding an electromagnetic railgun as we speak, and the United States, in my opinion, could be falling behind in that technology. So while I appreciate the gentleman’s input, I strongly disagree, and I hope that my colleagues will join with me in supporting the amendment, enhancing support for electromagnetic railgun so that America continues to lead in this vital technology. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I understand I have the right to close. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is correct. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I would remind my colleagues this is a bipartisan amendment. I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, again, I would agree with the gentleman as far as the progress our adversaries are making, our shared concern about making sure we make progress. But, again, I would point out there remains, in fiscal year 2018, $96 million of unobligated moneys. There is a recognition by the committee of the value of proceeding with this in a deliberate fashion, which is why we added another $25 million over the existing level, for a balance of 145 million additional dollars. We believe, at this point, that is enough, which is why I do respectfully object and oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this amendment to provide $30 million for DOD’s MD5, the National Security Technology Accelerator, within the Office of Manufacturing and Industrial Base Policy. The 2018 NDAA authorized support for national security innovation and entrepreneurial education programs, including MD5. MD5 aims to educate and build a network of innovators and entrepreneurs equipped with the expertise to successfully develop, commercialize, and apply DOD technology. It is a way of bringing American ingenuity and ingenuity and entrepreneurship from Silicon Valley to problems faced by the DOD. MD5 initiatives educate veterans and other students in technology innovation and entrepreneurship and provide a unique pathway for veterans to leverage their expertise while learning cuttingedge business innovation methodology. The program also increases postmilitary opportunities for servicemembers and helps them apply their knowledge to new national security problems. Through MD5, DOD is growing a cadre of entrepreneurs who are adept at creative problem solving and the formation of successful ventures that deliver economic, national security, and social value. Passage of this amendment would mean a $5 million increase from MD5 fiscal year 2017 and 2018 levels. The funding increase would enable them to scale up their entrepreneurial education programs, including the highly successful program Hacking for Defense, otherwise known as H4D. b1745 H4D is a course currently taught at 11 universities across the country, with many more in the process of coming onboard. It pairs student teams with problem sponsors from across the DOD and intelligence community to apply Lean Startup methodology developed in Silicon Valley to rapidly solve challenging, nonclassified national security problems. Of the 205 students across the Nation who have already been through Hacking for Defense classes, 66 percent plan to continue working on their problems after the course is over. Nine companies have been formed by H4D alumni, and six of them have received DOD or private equity funding to continue working on their projects. That is, the DOD and/or private equity have found their attempts at solutions for these critical national security problems potentially to be viable. H4D not only delivers American innovation to problems that the DOD is facing, but also inspires smart young innovators, some of whom were Active Duty servicemembers or veterans, to apply their talents to solving national security problems. These experiences serving their country and boosting our national security will influence them for the rest of their careers, as well as greatly benefit the country. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge support for this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I understand the department supports this program and will request funds for it in the future budget request. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for accepting this amendment. I thank her very much for her work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, I also thank the ranking member for his work on this. I appreciate it. This is a great opportunity with this amendment to make a small investment to support a program that will strengthen our national security and the next generation of problem solvers for the DOD, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 11 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase funding for the PeerReviewed Gulf War Illness Research Program under the Defense Health Program by $1 million and decrease the operation and maintenance defensewide account by an equal amount. This amendment is similar to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. This amendment is intended to increase funding for innovative, competitively peerreviewed research to provide a better understanding of the pathobiology underlying Gulf war illness, to identify objective markers for improved diagnosis, and to develop treatments for the complex of Gulf war illness symptoms and their underlying causes. 
Gulf war illness is estimated to have affected between 175,000 to 250,000 of the nearly 700,000 troops deployed to the first Gulf war. This program is working to make a significant impact on Gulf war illness and to improve the health and lives of affected veterans and their families. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to help find a cure for Gulf war illness, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s desire to provide additional funding to research illnesses that affect veterans of the Gulf war. The committee is committed to ensuring that our servicemembers, their families, and veterans receive the highest level of medical care possible. The committee already provides $21 million toward Gulf war illness research in the bill. Research includes a close look at how service in the Gulf war is linked to illnesses such as chronic fatigue, severe muscle pain, persistent headaches, and others. Mr. Chairman, I would be pleased to accept the gentleman’s amendment to provide additional funding in this area, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for her support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . VISCLOSKY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from Florida and have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 32, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, the amendment before the House increases funding for the Peer Reviewed Breast Cancer Research Program by $5 million. Our colleague Mr. HASTINGS has worked closely with Mr. MCGOVERN of Massachusetts, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, as well as Mr. KINGof New York, each of whom have cosponsored this bipartisan amendment. The need to fund research in order to prevent, treat, and cure breast cancer is vital to both save American lives and also to address important economic and healthcare costs, and I would ask my colleagues to adopt the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his concern for our servicemen and women. The bill already includes $130 million for the Peer Reviewed Breast Cancer Research Program. Funding for this important program is designed to end breast cancer by funding innovative, highimpact research through a partnership of scientists and consumers. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s concern. I accept his amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 17 will not be offered. The Chair understands that amendment No. 18 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M ITCHELL ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 122, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $200,000,000)’’. Page 154, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $200,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, Pakistan continues to be an unreliable partner in the fight against terrorism. For two decades, we have hoped that Pakistan would clear the terrorist safe havens along the Afghan border and end its support for terrorist groups with American blood on their hands. We have paid them $30 billion to do this over the past 16 years, but Pakistan still has proven it is not serious about combating terrorism outside its borders. Despite our efforts, such groups as the Taliban, the Haqqani Network, and alQaida continue to survive because their leaders live in Pakistan. Pakistan accepts no responsibility for terrorists in Pakistan. Instead, it condemns us for pursuing terrorists living on its soil. Pakistan does fight terrorist groups that threaten Pakistan, but does not fight those groups that attack its neighbors. In many cases, it actually supports those groups. The group behind the 2008 Mumbai attacks known as LeT received support and instruction by Pakistani intelligence. Pakistan extremist views are common in the nation. Pakistan actually holds multiple centers of indoctrination that radicalize Pakistani youth by the thousands. One of these centers has so many terrorist graduates that it has earned the name the University of Jihad. So Pakistan is not just supporting terrorists; it creates terrorists. The fact that we call Pakistan a major nonNATO ally boggles the mind. This is nonsense. Pakistani sponsorship of terrorism goes back for decades. It has proven a safe haven and supported the Haqqani Network since the 1980s, allowing the group to become one of the largest killers of U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan. It has supported terrorist groups of all stripes, including in Kashmir in its proxy war with India since 1990. Beginning in the 1990s, Pakistan reportedly provided training, intelligence, and material support to the Afghan Taliban. Pakistani nuclear scientists even met with senior alQaida leaders in 1998 to discuss nuclear technology. b1800 After 9/11, Osama bin Laden and his men fled, guess where. To Pakistan, where he was eventually killed 10 years later by the Americans. Pakistan has moved quickly to revive the Taliban after its defeat and has facilitated arms purchases for al Qaida. Mr. Chair, Pakistan’s behavior has never changed. Just a few weeks ago, the new commander of the coalition forces in Afghanistan told Congress, my committee, that Pakistan is the biggest obstacle to stabilizing Afghanistan, and the U.N. Ambassador from Afghanistan told the U.N. that the problem in Afghanistan is Pakistan. We have fooled ourselves into thinking Pakistan is a partner. We poured billions of dollars into Pakistan hoping and praying they will change, but they 
have not. We are continuing to pay them for bad behavior. That is why I have introduced amendment No. 20 to the underlying bill, to cut $200 million of coalition support that we give Pakistan. If it were up to me, I would cut all $700 million, but $200 million is a good first step. We should not pay Pakistan to betray us, Mr. Chair. They will do it for free. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I would certainly agree with the assertion of the gentleman who offered the amendment that the relationship our country has with Pakistan has been difficult, but I am opposed to the amendment because maintaining a relationship, no matter how difficult, is essential. The relationship has helped the U.S. make progress against terrorism, as difficult as that road has been, and the Pakistanis have allocated part of their forces within their own borders to this mission. Very importantly for our colleagues, I would point out that our bill recognizes the difficulties we face with Pakistan. Section 9016 prohibits the funds to Pakistan if our government believes the government is engaged in unfair activities. Section 9016 requires that the Secretary of Defense, prior to obligating any funds, certify that the Government of Pakistan is: Cooperating on counterterrorism efforts; Not supporting terrorist activities against the U.S. or coalition forces in Afghanistan; Not intervening extrajudicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; Dismantling IED networks; Preventing the proliferation of nuclearrelated materials and expertise; Implementing policies to protect judicial independence and due process of law; Issuing visas in a timely manner for U.S. visitors engaged in counterterrorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and Providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. A complete withdrawal of U.S. assistance would likely polarize Pakistan and exacerbate significant proand antiAmerican rifts within the military and their government generally. Aggravating this divide would be counterproductive, I believe, to the objectives of our Nation in that region of the world. In addition to counterterrorism activities, the fact of Pakistan’s nuclear weapons capability provides ample reason for our country to continue a positive engagement. Again, as difficult as it has been, this amendment is an overly broad reaction to what is a legitimate concern. The bill addresses the issue in a thoughtful and deliberate way. We should not be taking any strident approach, and I would ask my colleagues to reject this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. I understand that I have the right to close. The Acting CHAIR. That is correct. Mr. VISCLOSKY. How much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana has 3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 1
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ), chairwoman of the committee. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, I share the gentleman’s concern and oppose the amendment. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I come down here every year on this type of amendment. When I came to Congress 14 years ago, I went to Afghanistan and I went to Iraq. I visited with our troops. Since that time, I have on my wall 40 Americans of all races and most branches who have been killed in Afghanistan or Iraq. When I was there in Afghanistan, I was down on the border with our troops and the British troops. They are on the border to protect Afghanistan from the terrorists coming in from Pakistan. I don’t understand why we continue to pay Pakistan money. This legislation doesn’t cut the whole fund. It cuts $200 million of the $700 million fund to get the attention of the Pakistanis so that they can’t keep playing it. I am sure the Pakistanis are glad that I am leaving Congress. I won’t be back here next year to offer this amendment. But really, I have great respect for the chairwoman and the ranking member on this issue, but I think that we should not pay Pakistan to continue to hate us because they will do it for free. I think we should do it to protect our troops that are on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I understand my good friend’s challenges and his frustration, but I recognize that the area of which he is speaking, which I have been to as well, is a frontier area. That is an area where terrorists can be harbored. But the Pakistani military has, over the years, been fighting against terrorism. Pakistanis in Pakistan have, themselves, suffered at the hands of terrorists. And if we take this amount of money, the engagement and partnership that we have, the response to the United States that is important, the collaboration with the forces in Afghanistan will be diminished. The Pakistani military has shed blood, has lost treasure in the fight against terrorism. There are, of course, important improvements that they can make, and I believe the funding has the kind of guidelines and structures to do so to protect the Pakistani people against terrorism as well. They want to live in peace. So I would just say that it is important that we keep the engagement and the dialogue as well as involvement of the Pakistani military in fighting terrorism, and these resources are necessary for it to do so. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I would simply acknowledge the seriousness in which the gentleman from Texas has offered his amendment, the concern we share, which, again, I believe is recognized in section 9016 of the bill. Mr. Chair, I ask our colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . VISCLOSKY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Wisconsin, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of— (1) Executive Order 13175 (65 Fed. Reg. 67249; relating to consultation and coordination with Indian Tribal governments); or (2) section 1501.2(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Chairman, the amendment before the House would bar the use of funds in contravention of existing Federal requirements for meaningful consultation and coordination with Tribal communities related to the activities that would impact them. I do believe this is a good amendment and ask my colleagues to accept it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I don’t oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chair, the amendment reaffirms the requirement that the Department of Defense have proper consultation in coordination with Native American Tribes. This amendment is good government, which is supported by current law and several requirements in the National Defense Authorization Act. I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . BROWN OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part A of House Report 115–783. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, I rise before you today to offer my amendment No. 24 to the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense Appropriations Act. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to transfer the information technology contracting and acquisition services or the Senior Leader Communications functions of the Defense Information Systems Agency. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 961, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, in the proposed NDAA, the chief managing officer of the Department of Defense is to develop a plan no later than March 1, 2020, to transition certain functions and services from the Defense Information Systems Agency, or DISA, to other elements of the DOD. My amendment on which I worked closely with my friend and colleague from Maryland, Congressman RUPPERS BERGER , prevents funds from executing this change. In fact, the administration has objected to this change in the NDAA because it would ‘‘weaken the Department’s ability to secure its cyber networks and inhibit DISA’s mission to provide seamless communication to warfighters and senior leaders.’’ While our men and women, Mr. Chairman, in uniform focus on defending our values abroad, DISA is constantly managing the information network that supports our entire defense apparatus and fighting for American interests on the global stage. DISA’s primary mission is to secure our network infrastructure for our warfighters and intelligence and security agencies. The question regarding DISA’s fate has never been asked or answered by this Congress nor the Pentagon. While I commend the effort to find efficiencies within the Department of Defense, it remains unclear what would happen to DISA’s missions and functions if the measures in the NDAA were executed. According to retired Lieutenant General Harry Raduege, who served as DISA Director from 2000 to 2005, he said: ‘‘We have looked at reorganizing DISA in the past, disestablishing it, but the missions are going to have to be performed somewhere.’’ DISA is an agency where numerous other functions from other agencies have been folded in over time, and the operations include global missions, such as commercial satellite communications, leasing for all of the military, secure communications for the White House and other senior government and government leaders, support to the Joint Staff, and disaster response communications. Over the years, many missions and activities that even today are relatively unknown have been transferred to DISA because everyone has been looking to increase efficiencies and effectiveness. b1815 By eliminating DISA, Congress may be increasing the costs, manpower requirements, and cyber risks that can be better managed via a shared services approach currently envisioned by DISA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the committee chair and the entire committee for consideration of the amendment. Let’s support our warfighters and help them focus on the threats that we face today. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas is recognized. There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ). The amendment was agreed to. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. MITCHELL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6157), making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 931. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. H.R. 2229. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whistleblowers, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1091. An act to establish a Federal Advisory Council to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5841. A bill to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effectively guard against the risk to the national security on the United States posed by certain types of foreign investment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–784, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 964. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6157) 
making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for proceedings during the period from June 29, 2018, through July 9, 2018 (Rept. 115–785). Referred to the House Calendar. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 965. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 200) to amend the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–786). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 6219. A bill to support the independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Georgia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 6220. A bill to restore the fair housing mission of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AMODEI: H.R. 6221. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the Carson City Mint 150th anniversary, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6222. A bill to improve the specialized training requirement for federal personnel who have substantive contact with unaccompanied alien children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6223. A bill to reauthorize the Child Advocate Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HECK (for himself and Mr. POE of Texas): H.R. 6224. A bill to require reports by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence relating to construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. DOGGETT , and Mr. T ONKO ): H.R. 6225. A bill to permit occupational therapists to conduct the initial assessment visit and complete the comprehensive assessment under a Medicare home health plan of care for certain rehabilitation cases; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. BERA, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. D UNN, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. LESKO , and Mr. W EBER of Texas): H.R. 6226. A bill to direct the Secretary of Commerce to provide for civil space situational awareness services and information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LUCAS , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. ROHRABACHER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. ROSEN , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. D UNN, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. N ORMAN , Mrs. LESKO , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. H URD, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. LOUDERMILK , and Mr. A BRAHAM ): H.R. 6227. A bill to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 6228. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the increase in the estate and gift tax exemption made by Public Law 11597; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. K NIGHT , Mrs. LESKO , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Mr. B IGGS): H.R. 6229. A bill to authorize the programs of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. JUDY CHU of California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. N ORTON, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. TAKANO , Ms. P ELOSI , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. LEE, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. PALLONE , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. BASS, Mr. S OTO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. CARBAJAL , and Mr. N ORCROSS ): H.R. 6230. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide increased labor law protections for agricultural workers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 6231. A bill to amend title 39 of the United States Code to direct the Postal Regulatory Commission to promulgate regulations to establish rates of postage for packages shipped by priority mail from the United States to a foreign Army Post Office, Fleet Post Office, or Diplomatic Post Office; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Ms. BASS, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. CORREA , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. M CGOVERN): H.R. 6232. A bill to limit the separation of families including an individual with an developmental disability at or near ports of entry; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6233. A bill to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to ensure that child protective services systems do not permit the separation of children from parents on the basis of poverty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6234. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide support to university law school programs that are designed to provide legal assistance to veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6235. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the use of unauthorized unmanned aircrafts over wildfires; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS: H. Res. 963. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. ROKITA ): H. Res. 966. A resolution in the matter of Maxine Waters; to the Committee on Ethics. By Mr. GALLAGHER (for himself and Mr. MOULTON ): H. Res. 967. A resolution expressing support for the designation of October 23 as a national day of remembrance of the tragic 1983 terrorist bombing of the United States Marine Corps Barracks in Beirut, Lebanon; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L AMB, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S OTO, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. E VANS , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. B EYER , Mr. TONKO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. GOMEZ , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. V ELA, Mr. B ERA, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. PANETTA , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, and Ms. ESHOO ): H. Res. 968. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1902) to protect our Social Security system and improve benefits for current and future generations; to the Committee on Rules. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for herself, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , and Mr. POCAN ): H. Res. 969. A resolution recognizing the accomplishments and the economic contributions of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) entrepreneurs and small business owners; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6219. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 6220. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. AMODEI: H.R. 6221. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To . . . coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin....  Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6222. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6223. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HECK: H.R. 6224. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 3 and 18 of article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution . By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 6225. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 6226. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 6227. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 6228. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6229. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GRIJALVA: H.R. 6230. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 6231. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6232. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6233. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6234. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6235. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 40: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 57: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 778: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 930: Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 950: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 980: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 987: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1017: Mr. GIBBS and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1054: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 1102: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 1136: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 1156: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio and Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 1171: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 1192: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 1270: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S HUSTER , and Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 1295: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1300: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 1318: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 1439: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 1571: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1676: Mr. LATTA , Mr. R OSS, Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1783: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1818: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OSTA , and Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1847: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 1953: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1960: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1985: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 2092: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 2119: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2358: Mr. NOLAN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. BASS, and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 2542: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2598: Ms. TITUS and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 2633: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 2938: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 2946: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2976: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3124: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 3138: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 3145: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3148: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 3410: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 3635: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 3666: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3730: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 3738: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 3906: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3919: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 3923: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. S OTO, Mr. PALLONE , Ms. S HEAPORTER , and Mr. H OYER . H.R. 3976: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. HURD. H.R. 4099: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 4256: Mr. FLORES , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. MESSER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. R OSS, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 4268: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4454: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 4471: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4724: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 4808: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 4846: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 4886: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 4953: Mr. CURTIS , Mr. C ARTER of Geor gia, and Mr. COLE. H.R. 4978: Mr. HOLDING and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 5003: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5052: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER and Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5061: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5105: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 5107: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 5108: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , and Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 5141: Mr. M ITCHELL , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 5145: Mr. PALLONE and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 5171: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 5191: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida. H.R. 5220: Mr. COLE. H.R. 5288: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 5291: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 5306: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5358: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 5429: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5467: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5551: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5588: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 5610: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 5640: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. FASO. H.R. 5658: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 5671: Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. POCAN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5697: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 5713: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5813: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 5885: Mrs. RADEWAGEN and Ms. C LARKE  of New York. H.R. 5893: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 5948: Mr. LAMALFA and Mr. B RADY of Texas. H.R. 5949: Mr. BRADY of Texas. H.R. 5988: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 6014: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. MOULTON , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 6048: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 6060: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 6067: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 6076: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 6108: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6114: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Mr. HURD. H.R. 6134: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 6172: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 6173: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 6178: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 6183: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. TROTT , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. M AC ARTHUR . H.R. 6190: Mr. MCKINLEY and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 6194: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 6195: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mrs. COMSTOCK , and Ms. T ENNEY . H.J. Res. 1: Mrs. LESKO . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. SMUCKER . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 69: Mr. LIPINSKI . H. Res. 274: Mr. CRAMER . H. Res. 319: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 395: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 503: Mr. POLIQUIN . H. Res. 785: Mr. BIGGS and Mr. C URTIS . H. Res. 826: Mr. WENSTRUP . H. Res. 919: Mr. GAETZ . H. Res. 928: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. C OHEN . H. Res. 962: Mr. ROKITA . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 2069: Mr. R ASKIN and Ms. J AYAPAL . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4379 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 26, 2018 No. 107 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable CINDY HYDESMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Father, thank You for sustaining our Nation from the beginning of its existence until this present moment. If You had not been with us, we would have been devoured by our enemies. You kept us from being overwhelmed by the raging waters of anarchy and the fury of pestilences. May the way You have led us in the past make us confident about our future. Lord, be the helper of our lawmakers. Provide them with the wisdom, power, and grace needed for the living of these days. Forgive our sins of commission and omission. Remind us that all that is necessary for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 