Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, the most fundamental right in our country is voting. The Pew Charitable Trust recently did a study on registration and voting in each State. I am sad to say that my State of Tennessee came out pretty bad. We were 40th in the number of people registered in our State. About 78 percent of the people were registered to vote. In turnout, we were last. Only 28.5 percent of the people in Tennessee voted. This was based on the 2014 elections. The 2018 elections will determine a lot about who sits in this House, who sits in the Senate, and, eventually, who sits on the Supreme Court. It is imperative that everybody register to vote so that they can vote in the November elections, not just in Tennessee, but everywhere in the country, and that everyone turn out to vote so the voting totals are a fair representation of the people, all the people, if we are going to have a House and a Senate that is representative of America. What occurred in Helsinki and what was brought out with the indictments by Special Counsel Mueller show how much the Russians think of our election system, that they got involved in a cyber attack on our country to defeat a candidate. We should care as much about our electoral system as the Russians. We should care more about it. The fact that more than 20 percent of the citizens in my State do not register and do not vote is appalling. With the continued threat to the electoral system in 2018, it is so important that we at least make it difficult for the Russians to have an impact. That means that each and every citizen needs to register, register others as their civic duty, vote as their civic duty, and make their voices heard. Otherwise, this room will not represent ‘‘America the Beautiful.’’ f 
WORKFARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say a few words this morning about the work that we have been doing here in the House to add workfare requirements to the food stamp program. President Ronald Reagan once stated: ‘‘The Federal Government declared war on poverty, and poverty won.’’ That is as true today as it was when President Reagan said it. Over the last five decades, Congress has spent more than $22 trillion of taxpayers’ money on government welfare programs. The result: 50 years later, the poverty rate stands unchanged. If anyone ever needed more proof that more government isn’t the solution to every problem, here is the proof. If you were to measure success solely on how much taxpayer money the government spends to solve a problem, 
then the government’s war on poverty has been wildly successful. After all, we now have 13 Federal agencies running more than 80 government welfare programs. But if we judge success based on how many people have been able to rise out of poverty to take care of themselves and their families, these government programs have failed. So what have we learned after spending $22 trillion? It is simple: Workfare helps people stand on their own two feet. It helps people get off the welfare treadmill. For example, before Congress reformed Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, also known as TANF, to incorporate a strict work requirement, there were 4.9 million families on the welfare rolls. Now, thanks to workfare reforms, we have seen 3.3 million families rise out of welfare dependence. That is a success. b1015 In 2014, when Maine began enforcing workfare for ablebodied adults without dependents who are receiving food stamps, the Maine caseload decreased by 80 percent within months. The simple requirement that able bodied adults without dependents should work in order to receive welfare benefits, paired with job search assistance and training opportunities, works. It gets people out of welfare and into the workforce. We have learned that it makes a profound difference in people’s lives when they understand that welfare is not meant to be a handout but, actually, a hand up. Now, we need to apply these lessons about the benefits of workfare to more government welfare programs like food stamps and housing. That is especially important today because, with the economy growing, thanks to tax reform, job openings recently hit a record high of 6.6 million, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. By taking a stand for workfare requirements, we now have an opportunity to move millions of Americans from reliance on welfare to work and financial independence. I commend the House for passing a farm bill that includes a strong workfare requirement for ablebodied adults without dependents. We have opened the door to welfare reforms that will help put people on the road to selfreliance, and I encourage my colleagues to build on this foundation and continue to stand up for workfare instead of welfare. 
BIZARRE BEHAVIOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, a year ago, I was on a congressional trip with the Judiciary Committee into the Balkan region. A number of the countries there, living in the shadow of Russia and, also, the aggression of the Serbian allies of the Russians were very concerned about their security and their future. Russia has, obviously, invaded Crimea, is supporting rebels in Ukraine, and is deeply involved in Syria to support the dictator there. Now, in this last week, our President went to Europe, and he went to a meeting of our closest allies and NATO, which these countries on the periphery of Russia feel is critical to their defense. And he seems to—or did—deliberately so dissent and insult our two longest and strongest allies in NATO: Germany and England. He seemed to be facilitating the Russian agenda there: Let’s weaken NATO. Let’s cause dissent in Europe. But that couldn’t be. He is the President of the United States. Of course he wouldn’t be doing that. No. He was just being a businessman and trying to extract bigger payments out of them. He didn’t mean to weaken or threaten the future of the alliance. Then yesterday, in a sort of very bizarre moment, he meets alone with a professional KGB agentdictator of Russia, Vladimir Putin. We don’t know what went on in that room. Maybe they watched videotapes. I don’t know. But the President came out again and, this time, directly attacked the United States of America. How could this be? He said that he does not believe that our intelligence agencies—his handpicked head of the DNI, Dan Coats, told him the Russians had interfered and proved to him the Russians had interfered in our election. He said that once about a year ago. But then he comes out with Vladimir Putin and says: Well, I asked him about it. He says they didn’t do it. You know, there’s two sides to this. We did it. They did it. Who knows. Whatever. It doesn’t matter. Our basic institutions, our democracy, has been attacked by Russia, and Dan Coats says they are going to do it again in this election year. What can explain this bizarre behavior on the part of the President of the United States? I couldn’t figure it out, so I went to my bookshelf and I said: Hmm, I’ll look around my bookshelf. Maybe I’ll find something. I found two books. It is my recommended reading list to explain President Trump and some of what is going on in America today. The first would be ‘‘The Manchurian Candidate.’’ The second would be the dystopian novel, George Orwell’s ‘‘1984.’’ Read them and weep. f 
THE 12TH WOMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Meghan is a fourthgeneration Texas A&M Aggie. Her decision to attend the prestigious school was never a question in her mind. It was an amazing experience, until it wasn’t. One morning, while serving as a tutor in the athletic department, a member of the Fighting Aggies football team twice her size exposed himself to her not 2 feet away, making sexual advances toward Meghan and becoming aggressive. Terrified and shocked, she abruptly left the room, trying to remain calm as he followed her. Unbeknownst to Meghan, her assailant had done the same thing to another tutor just hours before. Mr. Speaker, Meghan feels she did not get justice against her attacker. Instead, she tells me, she was failed by a university that was not totally committed to protecting victims. Meghan was scared of the upcoming process, scared to go back to work, terrified she might run into this individual again. Before the hearing, the university claimed she did not need a lawyer; the assailant wasn’t facing any criminal charges. So she didn’t hire a lawyer. But she received no notice that her assailant had hired a lawyer. Months later, Meghan’s assailant was found not responsible for exposing himself to both tutors, with the panel stating it appeared he had a skin condition and simply couldn’t control himself. The response she received was nothing short of appalling. The school said: Sorry, Meghan, that you were offended, but there is nothing else we can do. So she appealed the case. She still believed in the university and that the university would provide some justice for her. At the appeals hearing, she was informed that the charge against her attacker had been downgraded from sexual exploitation to sexual harassment; therefore, she was removed from the remainder of the hearing. Doesn’t that seem odd, Mr. Speaker? Also, no one from the university title IX office ever contacted her. She never received any information regarding what sanctions her assailant received, if any. Of course, Mr. Speaker, her assailant was allowed back onto the football team. Meghan felt abandoned by the university, and she thought the accused was protected due to his special status. As a former judge, I agree with Meghan that universities must put the safety and care of sexual assault victims first, make it a priority. Together with CAROLYN MALONEY and J ACKIE  SPEIER , we have introduced several pieces of bipartisan legislation to end sexual assault on campuses. First, the Bipartisan Campus Accountability and Safety Act, introduced by Congresswoman CAROLYN  MALONEY , does many things, including establishing a mandatory victim advocate on campus and ensuring assault situations like Meghan’s do not occur. Second, the HALT Campus Sexual Violence Act, which will be introduced this week by Congresswoman JACKIE  SPEIER and me, makes sure that the universities do not shirk their legal responsibilities when responding to sexual assault crimes. 
Texas A&M is not alone in this fight to provide a voice for victims. According to the National Sexual Violence Resource Center, each year one in five women will be assaulted while in college. That is a staggering statistic. Mr. Speaker, Meghan said it best: ‘‘A&M has a chance to be fearless on every front and to be fearless in the face of such horrible things that are happening to victims.’’ I applaud Meghan for having the courage to come forward and publicly tell her story to the world. Other victims who have been suffering in silence have been inspired to come forward and rally the cause, forming an organization called the 12th Woman, a group of determined women dedicated to stopping sexual assault on our university campuses. This is not a question of loyalty and pride in Texas A&M. It is a call to action. The 12th Woman is relentless in bringing change to the way universities address sexual assault not just at A&M, but across the United States. Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to listen to Meghan and her band of sisters and do what is necessary to make sure our universities are safe from sexual assault on campus. And that is just the way it is. 
WE HAVE TO ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, once again, I rise because I love my country. I am proud to say that I am an American. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I believe that, when democracy is at risk and the Republic is on the line, you have to take a stand. I rise today because to be silent could be concluded as being acquiescent. To be silent can be said to be complicit. To be silent, according to Dr. King, at some point can be said to be seen as betrayal. I rise because I love my country. Because I love my country, I will not allow myself to be driven by polls. I thank God that the great freedom fighters, the great wrongrighters were not driven by polls. If Dr. King, Rosa Parks, the great freedom fighters, had been driven by polls, I wouldn’t be standing here today. They drove the polls. They didn’t adjust to the polls. They had the polls, the people who gave their thoughts, to adjust to righteousness. So I rise today to speak truth to power, not driven by polls, not driven by political expediency. I rise today to let the world know that our country is better than what we saw in Helsinki. I rise today to say to my colleagues: We have to act. Yes, we can talk about all of the atrocities imposed upon our society by this President, but that is not enough. At some point, we have to act, and more and more people are starting to say what that action is. More and more of the people who present the news and give commentary are starting to say what that action is. It is unfortunate that we haven’t gotten to the point where we are going to act not withstanding the polls, we are going to act notwithstanding political expediency, we are going to act because there is a moral imperative to remove a President from office who puts democracy at risk and the Republic on the line. There is a moral imperative for us to take a stand. And we can do all of the things that can lead up to what the Framers of the Constitution afforded us. We can do many things, but Article II, section 4 of the Constitution was created for a time such as this and a President such as Trump. Mr. Speaker, there is a solution to a President who puts himself above his country. The Framers of the Constitution knew that we would have this moment in time, and they gave us the solution. We but only have to have the courage, the intestinal fortitude, to stand up for our country and impeach this President. The time has come. No more political expediency. No more driven by the polls. Stand for our country on a moral imperative. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
INFLUENCING ELECTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, last year CNN reported that the U.S. had interfered or attempted to influence presidential elections in other countries at least 81 times. This is probably a very conservative estimate. This report came from a study by Professor Dov H. Levin of Carnegie Mellon University and apparently was just the tip of the iceberg. His study covered just years up to 2000, and these activities may have increased since that time. Professor Levin defined an intervention as ‘‘a costly act which is designed to determine the election results in favor of one of the two sides.’’ He said these acts were carried out in secret twothirds of the time and included ‘‘funding the election campaigns of specific parties, disseminating misinformation or propaganda, training locals of only one side in various campaigning or public announcements on threats in favor of or against a candidate, and providing or withdrawing foreign aid.’’ He reported that in 59 percent of these cases the side that received assistance came to power. In a December 21, 2016, article, the Los Angeles Times said: ‘‘The U.S. has a long history of attempting to influence presidential elections in other countries.’’ b1030 The newspaper reported, that ‘‘the CIA has accused Russia of interfering in the 2016 Presidential election by hacking into Democratic and Republican computer networks and selectively releasing emails.’’ But the Times added: ‘‘But critics might point out that the U.S. has done similar things.’’ I am not criticizing our government’s activities in this regard. Some of it has been good, designed to fight communism and promote freedom around the world. However, some of it has probably been wasteful, and, at times, has increased hatred for the U.S. We are involved, in many ways, in almost every country around the world through our State Department, Agency for International Development, the CIA, the Defense Department, and just about every Federal department and agency. Most countries take an active interest and involvement in U.S. Presidential elections through their citizens and former citizens who now live in this country. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this article from the Los Angeles Times. 
[From the Los Angeles Times, Dec. 21, 2016] THEU.S. I SNOSTRANGER TO INTERFERING IN  
THEELECTIONS OF OTHER COUNTRIES  (By Nina Agrawal) Update: President Obama on Thursday slapped Russia with new penalties for meddling in the U.S. presidential election, kicking out dozens of suspected spies and imposing banking restrictions on five people and four organizations the administration says were involved. The CIA has accused Russia of interfering in the 2016 presidential election by hacking into Democratic and Republican computer networks and selectively releasing emails. But critics might point out the U.S. has done similar things. The U.S. has a long history of attempting to influence presidential elections in other countries—it’s done so as many as 81 times between 1946 and 2000, according to a database amassed by political scientist Dov Levin of Carnegie Mellon University. That number doesn’t include military coups and regime change efforts following the election of candidates the U.S. didn’t like, notably those in Iran, Guatemala and Chile. Nor does it include general assistance with the electoral process, such as election monitoring. Levin defines intervention as ‘‘a costly act which is designed to determine the election results [in favor of] one of the two sides.’’ These acts, carried out in secret twothirds of the time, include funding the election campaigns of specific parties, disseminating misinformation or propaganda, training locals of only one side in various campaigning or getoutthevote techniques, helping one side design their campaign materials, making public pronouncements or threats in favor of or against a candidate, and providing or withdrawing foreign aid. In 59 percent of these cases, the side that received assistance came to power, although Levin estimates the average effect of ‘‘partisan electoral interventions’’ to be only about a 3 percent increase in vote share. The U.S. hasn’t been the only one trying to interfere in other countries’ elections, according to Levin’s data. Russia attempted to 
sway 36 foreign elections from the end of World War II to the turn of the century— meaning that, in total, at least one of the two great powers of the 20th century intervened in about 1 of every 9 competitive, nationallevel executive elections in that time period. Italy’s 1948 general election is an early example of a race where U.S. actions probably influenced the outcome. ‘‘We threw everything, including the kitchen sink’’ at helping the Christian Democrats beat the Communists in Italy, said Levin, including covertly delivering ‘‘bags of money’’ to cover campaign expenses, sending experts to help run the campaign, subsidizing ‘‘pork’’ projects like land reclamation, and threatening publicly to end U.S. aid to Italy if the Communists were elected. Levin said that U.S. intervention probably played an important role in preventing a Communist Party victory, not just in 1948, but in seven subsequent Italian elections. Throughout the Cold War, U.S. involvement in foreign elections was mainly motivated by the goal of containing communism, said Thomas Carothers, a foreign policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. ‘‘The U.S. didn’t want to see leftwing governments elected, and so it did engage fairly often in trying to influence elections in other countries,’’ Carothers said. This approach carried over into the immediate postSoviet period. In the 1990 Nicaragua elections, the CIA leaked damaging information on alleged corruption by the Marxist Sandinistas to German newspapers, according to Levin. The opposition used those reports against the Sandinista candidate, Daniel Ortega. He lost to opposition candidate Violeta Chamorro. In Czechoslovakia that same year, the U.S. provided training and campaign funding to Vaclav Havel’s party and its Slovak affiliate as they planned for the country’s first democratic election after its transition away from communism. ‘‘The thinking was that we wanted to make sure communism was dead and buried,’’ said Levin. Even after that, the U.S. continued trying to influence elections in its favor. In Haiti after the 1986 overthrow of dictator and U.S. ally JeanClaude ‘‘Baby Doc’’ Duvalier, the CIA sought to support particular candidates and undermine Jean Bertrande Aristide, a Roman Catholic priest and proponent of liberation theology. The New York Times reported in the 1990s that the CIA had on its payroll members of the military junta that would ultimately unseat Aristide after he was democratically elected in a landslide over Marc Bazin, a former World Bank official and finance minister favored by the U.S. The U.S. also attempted to sway Russian elections. In 1996, with the presidency of Boris Yeltsin and the Russian economy flailing, President Clinton endorsed a $10.2billion loan from the International Monetary Fund linked to privatization, trade liberalization and other measures that would move Russia toward a capitalist economy. Yeltsin used the loan to bolster his popular support, telling voters that only he had the reformist credentials to secure such loans, according to media reports at the time. He used the money, in part, for social spending before the election, including payment of back wages and pensions. In the Middle East, the U.S. has aimed to bolster candidates who could further the IsraeliPalestinian peace process. In 1996, seeking to fulfill the legacy of assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and the peace accords the U.S. brokered, Clinton openly supported Shimon Peres, convening a peace summit in the Egyptian resort of Sharm el Sheik to boost his popular support and inviting him to a meeting at the White House a month before the election. ‘‘We were persuaded that if [Likud candidate Benjamin] Netanyahu were elected, the peace process would be closed for the season,’’ said Aaron David Miller, who worked at the State Department at the time. In 1999, in a more subtle effort to sway the election, top Clinton strategists, including James Carville, were sent to advise Labor candidate Ehud Barak in the election against Netanyahu. In Yugoslavia, the U.S. and NATO had long sought to cut off Serbian nationalist and Yugoslav leader Slobodan Milosevic from the international system through economic sanctions and military action. In 2000, the U.S. spent millions of dollars in aid for political parties, campaign costs and independent media. Funding and broadcast equipment provided to the media arms of the opposition were a decisive factor in electing opposition candidate Vojislav Kostunica as Yugoslav president, according to Levin. ‘‘If it wouldn’t have been for overt intervention . . . Milosevic would have been very likely to have won another term,’’ he said. 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, there is greater turnover in elective offices today than ever before. And in my 30 years in Congress, I have now served with almost 1,500 other Members. Almost all have been good, kind men and women. But one of the best, one of the kindest is my friend, JIMJORDAN . Now, Congressman JORDAN has been attacked with one of the dirtiest, most lowdown political hit jobs that I have ever seen. He has been accused of knowing about, but failing to report, sexual abuse that occurred 25 to 30 years ago. This alleged abuse was done not by Mr. JORDAN but by another man, a team doctor, who has been dead for 13 years. And this abuse was not done to little boys or girls. It was supposedly done to grown adult men, Ohio State wrestlers, none of whom reported it at the time. The timing is so suspicious coming out now when Mr. JORDAN may be seeking a leadership post. He is supposed to have known about this because of lockerroom banter. All the coaches and many of his players have defended Mr. JORDAN , calling him one of the most honest men they know. Surely, Mr. Speaker, even though politics of hatred is prevalent today, surely we are not going to stoop to convicting people based on locker room banter or gossip. 
WATER SUPPLY IN THE VALLEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I draw attention to the human right to have water to sustain ourselves. Benjamin Franklin once said about this precious resource, water, that ‘‘When the well’s dry, we know the worth of water.’’ In the San Joaquin Valley, I can tell you we know the worth of water. It is the lifeblood of our Valley communities and our agricultural economy. We like to say, Where water flows, food grows. The Valley is one of the most advanced agricultural regions in the world. We produce over 250 crops that provide over 50 percent of the United States’ fruits and vegetables on America’s dinner table every night. The bounty of nature of food that we produce is coaxed out of the ground by some of the hardest working people you will ever meet, farmers and farmworkers, and it relies on a clean and reliable water resource. And America’s food supply, make no mistake about it, is a national security issue. I have spent decades working for commonsense short and longterm solutions to address California’s broken water system. When I served in the California legislature, I carried multiple bonds that were passed that provided over $2 billion for crucial water projects. While in Congress, I have advanced legislation that have improved water supplies and funding for projects in many different ways: The North Valley Regional Recycled Water Program, which helps irrigate over 44,000 acres in western Merced and Stanislaus Counties with local and recycled water, and the San LuisDelta Mendota Intertie project, which brings up to over 35,000 acrefeet of water annually to most of our rural Valley communities to advance efforts that are so important, that make a difference. In addition, that doesn’t include the success of the WIIN Act, bipartisan legislation which I helped lead through 4 years of tough negotiations. It became law in 2016. The WIIN Act creates more flexibility to move water based on real time water realities and provides authorization for $563 million in Federal funds for water projects, like expanding Shasta Reservoir, like raising San Luis Reservoir, and like creating Temperance Flat. Just this month, legislation I introduced to allow local water districts to improve the efficiency of dams passed the House. I call on the Senate to move this bill to the President’s desk. In the Valley, this would allow the Merced Irrigation District to advance a project to raise the spillway at New Exchequer Dam. This would increase the supply of water, over 56,000 acre feet of water—much needed. However, it seems like every time we are able increase our drought resilience, State or Federal regulators decide that they need to take more water from the Valley. It is wrong and it is unfair. The most recent attempt to repurpose the Valley water supplies came earlier this month by the California State Water Board. Staff released the final draft of a plan that is simply unacceptable. And I must say, it is pretty easy to reallocate water when it is not your water supply. That is what the State board did. The plan, if adopted, will effectively double the amount of water that must 
remain in the San Joaquin River tributaries. This will force thousands of acres of farmland out of production, ravaging communities across the Valley, and weakening America’s food security and its supply. The board staff claims these changes are necessary to prevent total collapse of the fisheries in the Delta. But this plan will not save fish, sadly. It does not address the other problems that faces the fisheries; namely, rising water temperatures, lack of food, habitat, and increased predators, none of which have anything to do with the water flows. This plan is in direct conflict with another California law that mandates we must use our groundwater more sustainably, which must be done. We must come into balance. However, it is impossible to use groundwater sustainably when we must pump groundwater to replace the surplus water that is being taken away. These actions are in conflict. It doesn’t make any sense. Our agricultural economy is showing tremendous innovation, growing twice as much food on a fraction of the water that we used to receive. But we have reached the tipping point—a point where the taking of the resource outstrips our ability to innovate. Without water, we cannot feed America or maintain our quality of life, our sustenance. Our Valley and our Nation need longterm solutions that provides for reliable sources of safe drinking water, water for agricultural industries, as well as for our cities. We, in the Valley, the San Joaquin Valley will continue to fight for the water we need to grow America’s food. Because, in the Valley, we know the worth of water. We know it when the well runs dry, as Benjamin Franklin said. So, in conclusion, we must work together in California to fix our broken water system for the longterm benefits of America’s food supply. 
LANSDALE MURAL ARTS PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a program in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that brings together members of our community to celebrate artistic expression and economic opportunity. The Lansdale Mural Arts Program seeks to beautify areas in Lansdale by painting murals on buildings in need of rehabilitation. By improving the aesthetics of many of these beloved community landmarks, the Lansdale Mural Arts Program hopes to enhance the economic and social value of the services and goods that the building’s tenants provide. Started in 2013, the Lansdale Mural Arts Program has painted the walls of local businesses: Chantilly Floral, Wes Carver Electric, The Underground at Round Guys Brewing Company, and perhaps the most profound, an American flag mural at the Lansdale VFW Post. Currently, the program is looking to continue its work on the American Legion Post 206 building, and I applaud the Lansdale Mural Arts Program for their work, especially organizers Margie Booz and Ellen Foulke for their thoughtfulness and dedication to our community. RECOGNIZING THE ANN SILVERMAN COMMUNITY  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a nonprofit organization in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, that serves to protect the health and dignity of residents across our community. The Ann Silverman Community Health Clinic in Doylestown provides medical and dental care, along with social services to lowincome and impoverished individuals at no cost. Offering these critical services will not be possible without the tireless efforts of a highly skilled staff and volunteer doctors and nurses. These dedicated professionals deserve our recognition, and, recently, Dr. Kieran Cody of Bucks County Orthopedic Specialists was named Volunteer Physician of the Year for his services to the clinic and his patients over the past 10 years. Throughout his tenure, Dr. Cody has performed countless surgeries and MRI services, following in the footsteps of his father, Dr. Kevin Cody, who has spent 19 years volunteering at the clinic. I thank Drs. Kieran and Kevin Cody for their service, and I extend my gratitude to the Ann Silverman Community Health Clinic executive director, Sally FabianOresic for her leadership. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize two members of our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who will be continuing their service to the Jewish faith at Shir Ami Congregation in Newtown. Charles Briskin and Rachel Kohlbrenner both joined Shir Ami as rabbi and cantor, respectively. Rabbi Briskin, who for the past 10 years has led Temple Beth El in San Pedro, California, was ordained in 2001 and studied at the Hebrew Union College Jewish Institute of Religion. Cantor Kohlbrenner previously served as cantor for the Central SynagogueBeth Emeth in Rockville Centre, New York, and studied at the Debbie Friedman School of Sacred Music of Hebrew Union College. I welcome Rabbi Charles Briskin and Cantor Rachel Kohlbrenner to our community and wish them all the best as they embark on the newest chapters of their career. And I thank their predecessors, Rabbi Joel Simon and Cantor Emeritus Mark Elson for their service and spiritual wisdom that they have blessed our community with for so long. f 
HONORING CORPORAL JOSEPH MACIEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) for 5 minutes. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Corporal Joseph Maciel, who was killed July 7 from injuries sustained while in Afghanistan in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel. Corporal Maciel was only 20 years old and is remembered by those who loved him for his infectious smile and love for his country. According to his father Jose, Corporal Maciel knew in high school that he wanted to serve his country. And when he enlisted in the Army, he made his family proud. Corporal Maciel was a beloved member of our community, admired by his family and those he served alongside. He gave his life for freedom, and we are forever indebted to his service and to him. I extend my deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of Corporal Joseph Maciel’s friends and family in South Gate, California, in my district, and I thank him for his service and his family for their sacrifice. 
Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, for the last year, in my congressional district, California’s 44th District, which includes the communities of Compton, Watts, South Gate, and the Port of Los Angeles, we have been fighting to make sure we have access to clean air and to clean water. We learned several months ago that there is something called chromium6 in the air, which is a deadly chemical that causes respiratory problems and can lead to cancer. Now, who oversees to make sure that these polluters are cracked down on and that we make sure that polluters are held accountable? The EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency. This week this House is expected to consider FY 2019—fiscal year 2019, the InteriorEnvironment appropriations bill as part of a twobill minibus. Now, this Republican bill puts the health and safety of American people at risk. What does it do? It is going to cut the Environmental Protection Agency by $100 million. You heard me right. They are going to cut funding for the EPA. This is the agency that oversees at making sure that polluters are held accountable. That, my friends, will put the American people in jeopardy, and those polluters that are going around, across the country and polluting things, like chromium6 that is killing our kids and our seniors and causing asthma and respiratory problems, it is going to make it easier for them to pollute. 
b1045 What else does it do? It slashes clean water grant programs by $300 million. In my community in Compton, California, we recently had a brown water crisis. It is still going on. There is brown water coming out of the faucets. We don’t have to think too far back as to what happened in Flint, Michigan. To think that we are having a vote this week that is going to cut $300 million—money that is used to invest in America’s water infrastructure—is appalling. When I heard about it this week, I thought it was important that the American people know about it. This is what should be on the front page of the newspapers. This is what the media should be reporting on, what is happening in this Congress and how the American people are put at risk when such cuts are happening to the very agencies that are put there to protect us, so that we ensure that we have clean air and clean water. As somebody who serves as the chair of two environmental task forces here in Congress, we cannot allow this to continue to happen without raising our voices, calling our elected officials, calling our offices, and speaking out about what the American people want. And this is one: Clean air and clean water is a basic right that everybody is entitled to. I believe this bill is going to take us backward. It is going to hurt us. And it really hurts our ability to make sure that we continue to look at things like climate change. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this, and I urge the American people to have their voices heard. 
POWERS OF THE PRESIDENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there are moments in history that require the deliberate and thoughtful response of the most powerful body in the world, the United States Congress, this House and the other House. While Americans are preparing for recreation and fellowship with family members during this period of summer, when schoolchildren are out, as others are dealing with the excruciating heat, others dealing with the impact of climate change, gun violence, the need for putting back in the terrible cuts of the Republican budget on Medicare and Medicaid, and a number of other issues dealing with their communities and neighborhoods, and, I would say, frankly, keeping their children safe and recognizing the values of this Nation that include not snatching children away from family members, I get that and I understand the responsibility of this Congress to pass laws, to work together to ensure that the beauty of what America stands for, her values and her opportunities for so many others, is heard. But I also think it is important because, as I have traveled in the last 24 hours, I saw Americans concerned about their Nation and wanting to be able to understand what transpired in Helsinki yesterday, Monday, July 16. As many have said, Republicans and Democrats, it was a disgraceful display of unpatriotic behavior. The tragedy of it is that it came from the Commander in Chief of this Nation. As I read the Constitution, it says that executive power shall be vested in a President of the United States, and he shall hold his office for a period of time. His powers under section 2 include that the President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the militia of several States, when called into actual service. And, as well, it indicates that he shall appoint ambassadors. That is translated into the President’s responsibilities over the intelligence communities and many aspects of our defense. Also, the power of the President articulates the foreign policy of this Nation. Yesterday, the display that was shown was that the foreign policy, and the patriotism, and the stature, and the leadership, and the Constitution of the United States became a footstool to a despot by the name of President Putin. No one is against engagement, diplomacy, or resolving conflict, but President Putin stands very proudly as ex KGB to have poisoned his own citizens, to have shot journalists, to have shot down an airplane over Ukraine with 300 innocent family members, children, and others, and, as well, has taken over a land of another country. So here we stand with this picture to the world. As well, when posed a question of, who do you believe, the Commander in Chief, to the absolute dismay of those of us who have lived through 9/11 here in Congress, and who saw the loss of life in conflicts like Iraq and Afghanistan, were amazed that the sacred aspect of our work, and that is voting, was determined by the intelligence community of this Nation, that Russia invaded in our 2016 election and literally stole the election, and will continue to do so today, as emphasized by the Director of National Intelligence, Director Coats, and the intelligence community. A report given by the Mueller investigation indicted 12 intelligence agents of Russia—not of any other country, not civilians, but intelligence agents, military—who had direct orders from President Putin. You would think that the President of the United States would forcefully say to the President: Stop it and stop it now. That is a patriot. That is one who has the powers of the Presidency under Article II, section 2. Yet this is what came about. President Trump was asked by a reporter: ‘‘You first. Just now, President Putin denied having anything to do with the election interference in 2016.’’ It is amazing how my time goes because I am talking about the President. But, in any event, let me conclude by saying that this document reports that the President said that he stands with Putin over the United States of America. Congress must demand the transcripts. We must have congressional hearings, Mr. Speaker. This is a serious matter. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 52 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Strengthen the constitutional commitments of the Members of this people’s House in their work today. Guide and sustain them in Your wisdom and inspire all, especially those in leadership, with the insights needed to assist our Nation at this time. Bless all who are responsible for the security and safety of our Nation in today’s world. Grant them a surfeit of courage and resolve to execute their responsibilities with integrity and faithfulness. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KILMER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, in 1961, in the face of a challenge from the Soviets, President Kennedy visited the University of Washington and said we are neither ‘‘warmongers nor appeasers. Neither hard nor soft. We are Americans, determined to defend the frontiers of freedom.’’ He pointed out the university’s motto is: ‘‘Let there be light,’’ and asked: ‘‘What more can be said today, regarding all the dark and tangled problems we face, than: Let there be light.’’ It is the unanimous view of the United States intelligence community that Russia used social media to influence our elections in 2016. After yesterday, Americans from all viewpoints called on Congress to stand up for our interests to protect our elections from Russian influence. I offered the Honest Ads Act as an amendment to the bill we are voting on today. This bipartisan bill simply establishes the same disclosure requirements for online ads that currently apply to political ads on television and radio. So today, Congress had the chance to stand up to Russia and pass the Honest Ads Act, but like the President a day ago, this body failed to act. Mr. Speaker, Congress has a duty to defend the frontiers of freedom. So, let there be light. Let’s pass the Honest Ads Act and shine a light on the darkest corners of our election systems so that Russia can never again use our news feeds to influence our elections. f 
INVESTING IN AMERICAN WORKERS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I recently introduced the Skills Investment Act of 2018 with Congressman DEREK KILMER to allow American workers to invest in their own futures. This bill would create lifelong learning accounts workers could use to pay for skillsbased education, careerrelated learning, and professional development. In an everchanging economy, I know that such accounts would be put to good use. As cochair of the bipartisan House Career and Technical Education Caucus, I fully support expanding access to skillsbased educational opportunities and professional development. The tax treatment of these savings accounts would be similar to a health savings account. Midcareer workers could contribute up to $4,000 tax free each year, with a maximum contribution limit of $10,000. Employers would receive a 25 percent tax credit for contributions to a worker’s account. Workers of all ages can use the account at any time to learn skills to make them more competitive as the economy changes. This bill is a commonsense approach to investing in the American worker. I encourage my colleagues to cosponsor it today. 
SURRENDERING OUR VALUES (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, like many Americans, yesterday I watched and was dumbfounded by the words and the actions of the President of the United States as he betrayed our principles and our national interests on the world stage. Never before have we seen a President of the United States so quickly surrender our longstanding values and our national security interests to an adversary like Vladimir Putin. The President’s pathetic performance was an embarrassment for the United States. Just last week, of course, his own Justice Department indicted 12 Russian intelligence agents for the very act that he denied ever took place. When he had a chance to take sides between American interests and the American intelligence community, he wrapped his arms around Vladimir Putin, a KGB spy with a history of jamming his opponents and killing journalists. This is outrageous. f 
NORTH KOREA BRUTALIZES ITS PEOPLE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, North Korea’s nuclear program is perhaps the greatest threat to U.S. national security, but we must never forget the horrendous plight of the North Korean people. Little Kim and his dynasty are guilty of some of the worst human rights abuses in human history. Freedom of religion and freedom of speech do not exist in North Korea. Christians are routinely arrested, tortured, imprisoned, and executed, their families sent to prison camps for ‘‘guilt by association.’’ Reports estimate that almost 130,000 political prisoners are suffering brutal conditions in highly secret work camps around North Korea. Systematic murder, torture, rape, forced abortions, starvation, and overwork are leading to countless deaths every day, and the Kim regime is giving no signs of relenting. Despite any nuclear agreement, we must make it clear that the United States will never waiver in its support for basic human dignity of the North Korean people. And that is just the way it is. 
TRADE ADJUSTMENT AUTHORITY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s trade war is spiraling out of control and American workers and businesses are paying the price. Back home in Illinois, already more than $3.8 billion in exports have been targeted for retaliation. I have heard from numerous working companies hurting from this misguided approach. They are struggling with new, high costs and are now less able or less likely to hire or expand. 
Today, I am introducing legislation to help American businesses affected by the Trump tariffs. Trade Adjustment Assistance was created in 1962 to help U.S. workers and U.S. firms adapt to competition caused by changing trade policies. My bill would expand the Trade Adjustment Assistance for Firms to add reduced exports resulting from retaliatory tariffs as a qualifying factor for the TAA program. I also enthusiastically support similar legislation by my Democratic colleagues being introduced this week to provide similar assistance to impacted workers and farmers. President Trump needs to end this damaging trade war. Until he does, we need to provide relief to the businesses and workers who are adversely stuck with the consequences. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
RECOGNIZING JOHN COMERFORD OF BLACKBURN COLLEGE (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank my friend, John Comerford, for his years of service and leadership as president of Blackburn College in Carlinville, Illinois. In his nearly 5 years as Blackburn’s president, John provided tremendous leadership and helped implement innovative policies with tuition assistance and providing students with valuable work experience. Under his leadership, Blackburn College has steadily grown its enrollment, renovated several buildings on campus, and implemented policies that provide local students with access to college. Under Blackburn’s Macoupin Promise program, which was created last year, high school students in Macoupin County can attend Blackburn College for free if they meet the college’s academic standards, participate in the work program, and their household income falls below a set threshold. Beginning this month, John will be moving to Otterbein University in Ohio, where he will serve as president. I wish John nothing but the best in the future and thank him for his leadership, feedback, and, most of all, his friendship. 
BUILDING A NEW BUFFALO (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, at the foot of Main Street in Buffalo lies the DL&W Terminal, a centuryold, vacant historic landmark along the Buffalo River that once served as a bustling stop for passengers traveling by both ship and rail. A plan by the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority will transform this piece of western New York history into a destination that serves a Buffalo of today and tomorrow, creating a multimodal center for people traveling by rail, automobile, bikes, and boats. The DL&W Terminal is a project under consideration for a Federal grant through the United States Department of Transportation’s Better Utilizing Investments to Leverage Development, otherwise known as the BUILD program. I stand today in support of the NFTA’s grant application for the DL&W Terminal, which serves as a national model for financing of infrastructure investments delivering significant economic impact. Surrounded by Canalside, the Cobblestone District, downtown Buffalo, and the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus, development of the DL&W represents a transformative project building on the economic renaissance of the new Buffalo. f 
TAX REFORM FEEDBACK (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share that in 6 short months, tax reform has transformed lives and businesses in South Carolina. I recently sent out two postcard surveys to over 50,000 of my constituents asking them how tax reform has affected them. I have received great feedback, with over 70 percent saying they saw increased pay or benefits. One example I received in the Fifth District is from the Mattox family, a selfemployed couple in Clover. They said that, due to their tax cuts this year, they are going to finally be able to buy new equipment for their business. The Mattox family also believes these tax cuts should remain permanent for all middle class families because of the benefits they personally see occurring in their community. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, South Carolinians are now seeing opportunities and confidence coming back to their families and small businesses. 
TRUMP BLAMES AMERICA FIRST (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to respectfully call upon our Republican colleagues to stand up for America by standing up against and rejecting President Donald Trump’s surrender to murderous dictator Vladimir Putin. Putin may well have elected Trump, but Putin is against us all, Democrats and Republicans alike, and he is against our cherished democracy. Without his congressional Republican enablers, Trump cannot continue to coddle the Russians at the very time that his Director of National Intelligence, lifelong Republican Dan Coats, is warning that we are under sustained Russian attack. In his embarrassing, fawning praise of Putin, Trump expresses no concern for Putin’s military shooting down a civilian airliner four years ago today; Putin’s agents poisoning his enemies and jailing his opponents; Putin’s invasions of Ukraine and Georgia; and Putin’s interference and attacks on our elections, as certified by U.S. intelligence agencies. Don’t await your retirement to stand up and address the truth of Trump’s betrayal of our country. f 
b1215 PROTECTING FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, with access to millions of Americans’ personal information, the IRS is one of the most powerful agencies in Washington. Unsurprisingly, the agency has failed to secure that information from abuse. That is why I was pleased to see the Treasury Department announce it will no longer require certain taxexempt organizations to file personally identifiable information about their donors as part of their annual returns. While the House has taken steps to limit schedule B disclosures of the tax exempt organizations, the latest announcement from the IRS will exempt some 45,000 nonprofits from the reporting rule, including conservative organizations, but also unions and social welfare groups. Today, one’s political views can spark passion, hatred, even refusal of service at a restaurant. In an extreme case, your life may be threatened at baseball practice. Regardless of political affiliation, Americans should feel comfortable donating to a cause or candidate of their choice without living in fear of reprisal. I applaud the administration’s recent action and encourage this Congress to join their effort and defend the First Amendment rights of every American. 
PROTECT PENSION PLANS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, last week in Columbus, Ohio, thousands of American retirees gathered to demand Congress act. Pension plans for more than 1 million retirees and union workers are in danger of collapse if something is not done soon. More than 60,000 Ohio workers alone could be impacted, and millions across our Nation face cuts in their earned retirement benefits. Retirees traveled from as far as Utah to Columbus as the Select Committee 
on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans held a field hearing to hear from retirees and employers. Their jobs ranged from coal miners to truck drivers to candymakers. As Perry Rapier from Pennsylvania said at the rally: ‘‘We’ve worked and sweat and toiled into this position, and we’ve earned that pension; and now to know that somebody that’s sitting behind a desk is willing to take that from us, we’re going to stand up and fight for that.’’ Retirement security is an American value. Workers’ pensions must be protected. Congress must find a solution to their earned pensions and give security to the retirement years of millions of hardworking Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge this Congress to act before this Congress ends. 
RULE OF LAW (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, countries that were part of the old Soviet Union are now growing democracies, but they face ongoing interference from the new Soviet Union, Russia. The country of Georgia is one such country. Georgia and those nations that were behind the Iron Curtain are now working to improve their democracies. A strong economy allows these countries to grow and stand on their own. That is why Georgia and others seeking real freedom must work harder on the international stage to keep American and Western money flowing. This money goes away if the rule of law is not followed. It is simple: Follow the rule of law; prosperity follows. Don’t follow the rule of law; poverty follows. This simple act will make our world more free. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KURT VON TILLOW (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Kurt von Tillow. Kurt attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Kurt enjoyed owning his own trucking company in northern California. He would often go to concerts and was happy to be going to the Route 91 festival with a number of his relatives. Kurt and his wife loved to take golfing trips to Scotland and Ireland, and they loved to boat. He was fun, friendly, and liked to enjoy good beer. Kurt is remembered as being very patriotic and a big family man. I would like to extend my condolences to Kurt von Tillow’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieves with you. EXPRESSING AGREEMENT WITH STATEMENT OF Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, my question was: How do I get it cleared now that I am on the floor? Can I ask the Republicans if they would agree to it? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The clearance comes from the leaderships and the committees. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 996, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 996 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 996 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11581 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the fiveminute rule and shall be considered as read. Points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 or clause 5(a) of rule XXI are waived except as follows: beginning with the colon on page 251, line 5, through ‘‘2012’’ on page 251, line 8. Where points of order are waived against part of a paragraph, points of order against a provision in another part of such paragraph may be made only against such provision and not against the entire paragraph. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and pro forma amendments described in section 2 of this resolution. Each further amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 2 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been 
adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. During consideration of H.R. 6147 for amendment, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), my good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of H.R. 6147, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019, which also includes the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act of 2019. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member on the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, the appropriations package in front of us is the third installment of the House’s effort to pass all 12 appropriations bills on the floor for fiscal year 2019. We have previously passed appropriations bills covering Energy and Water, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, Legislative Branch, and Defense. Today we turn to the work of the Appropriations Committee Subcommittees on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies and Financial Services and General Government. Once the House finishes its work for the week, we will have passed 6 of the 12 appropriations bills across the floor. Overall, the package covers $58.65 billion in spending. Of those funds, $35.25 billion are allocated to the Interior bill and $23.4 billion to the Financial Services bill, which is equal to the enacted level for fiscal year 2018 for both of these bills. The package represents many months of work by the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, as I have so often said when discussing appropriations bills, today’s package represents the most fundamental duty of Congress, to fund the government and keep it open each year to continue to provide our constituents with the services they need and deserve. But, importantly, this package also fulfills an additional duty of Congress to the American people: its fiscally prudent stewardship of the taxpayers’ hardearned money and to ensure that we appropriately prioritize where and how to spend taxpayer dollars in the most efficient manner. Mr. Speaker, the Interior and Environment Appropriations bill funds critical programs at the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, and other crucial areas. Among the areas of greatest importance, the bill includes $3.9 billion for the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Forest Service to fight wildfires. It includes $500 million for payments in lieu of taxes to help local governments, and it provides $2.6 billion for the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund. b1230 It funds the National Park Service at $3.25 billion, an increase of $53 million over fiscal year 2018. Of great import, not only to my home State of Oklahoma but to Native Americans all across the country, the bill honors our treaties and trust agreements by providing $5.9 billion for the Indian Health Service and $3.1 billion for the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian Education. The bill also fulfills an additional commitment to the American people by including provisions to rein in the runaway regulatory agendas of parts of the Federal Government. It reduces the EPA’s regulatory programs by $228 million. It also fully repeals the economically damaging waters of the United States rule and includes various prohibitions preventing the EPA from overregulating agricultural operations and exempting livestock producers from EPA greenhouse gas requirements. The Financial Services and General Government portion of this bill provides $23.4 billion across several important accounts. It provides $7.7 billion for the operation of the Federal court system. The bill also provides funding to help combat the opioid crisis, including $415 million for the Office of National Drug Control Policy, including $280 million for highintensity drug trafficking areas and $118 million for other Federal drug control programs. It encourages responsible spending at the Internal Revenue Service by appropriating $11.6 billion for IRS activities, an increase of $186 million over fiscal year 2018, and continues stringent oversight and protections of taxpayer dollars that have been included in recent years. The bill provides $1.66 billion for the Securities and Exchange Commission and will help grow the economy by providing $737 million, or full funding, in capital to various Small Business Administration loan programs. Perhaps most importantly, this bill includes provisions that will finally bring the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under congressional oversight. Mr. Speaker, as you are aware, when the CFPB was created in the original DoddFrank Act, the new agency was allowed to operate without congressional oversight because it did not receive appropriations. Consequently, since its inception, unelected bureaucrats at the CFPB have been allowed to operate entirely without congressional supervision. Today’s bill will remedy that and will ensure that the CFPB falls under congressional authority, oversight, and supervision once and for all. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. The package before us represents a fulfillment of our most important responsibility as Members of Congress and provides appropriate funding in two divisions: Interior and Environment, and Financial Services and General Government. I applaud my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee for their months of work in making this bill a reality and cheer their efforts on moving forward to completion of the fiscal year 2019 appropriations process. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the measures included here aren’t just bad, they are dangerous. Take the Interior Appropriations bill. It would put the health and safety of Americans at risk by slashing funding to address climate change and enforce environmental safeguards. The EPA, the agency tasked with fighting carbon emissions, is cut by $100 million. That is especially ironic since the majority was completely unwilling to rein in the wasteful spending by its former Administrator, Scott Pruitt. This is someone who spent $43,000 on a soundproof phone booth, but the majority was silent. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is cut by $65 million. That is after Republicans cut it by a third in the last fiscal year. As many of my colleagues know, I have been a champion of the LWCF, especially the stateside grant program where States provide a 50 percent match to grants that create more recreational and green open spaces in our districts. The people in communities in nearly every congressional district in the country have benefitted from these grants. We should be increasing, not cutting, LWCF. There is even language in the bill that would repeal a rule designed to protect our wetlands and waterways. State revolving funds were cut by $300 million, a $150 million cut to clean drinking water and a $150 million cut to clean water projects like water treatment and sewage programs. Mr. Speaker, the American people rely on Congress to make sure that the 
water they drink is clean. What is going on with this bill? As always, Republicans have again attached several poison pill provisions that undermine the health and safety of our communities and the environment. Every year—every year—provisions like these weigh down this bill. Mr. Speaker, when will my Republican friends realize that harmful provisions like this are why the bill has to become law? I am especially outraged to see what the majority has done with the Financial Services Appropriations bill, especially after what we saw on Friday. That is when some of our worst fears were confirmed. As part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced charges against 12 Russian military intelligence officers. They were accused of hacking the Democratic National Committee, hacking Hillary Clinton’s Presidential campaign, and hacking the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. The website of a State electoral board was also hacked. Voter information was stolen. Even the vendor of voting equipment was targeted for a cyber attack. And those individuals involved in administering elections were also targeted. These charges are proof that our Nation, that our very democracy, is under attack. No troops were sent into combat. Not a single gun was fired. Instead, an adversary turned the internet into a battlefield. That is the new face of warfare in the 21st century. Although the methods were different, this Congress should be responding the way we always have, by putting partisanship aside and putting our country first by doing whatever it takes to ensure we are not left vulnerable again. But, Mr. Speaker, how is this majority responding? By using the Financial Services Appropriations bill to zero out funding for grants that help protect our election systems from cyber hacking. That is a cut of $380 million compared to what Congress enacted in fiscal year 2018. The wolf is at the door, and my Republican colleagues are inviting it inside for dinner. This is insane. The President tweeted, shortly after the election: ‘‘Unless you catch ‘hackers’ in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, it may be hard, but it is not impossible, because we now have a 29page indictment from President Trump’s own Justice Department providing the roadmap. The indictment goes into extraordinary detail outlining how Russia successfully hacked into our election systems, how candidates and committees were successfully targeted—not by China or somebody sitting on their bed who weighs 400 pounds, as the President suggested, but by Russia, by Vladimir Putin. It is mindboggling that even after this indictment, after Russia’s meddling was laid bare, the President did not stand up to Putin. He held a summit with him instead. He even told CBS News, in an interview before his sit down, that he ‘‘hadn’t thought’’ about raising the issue with Putin during their talk. It gets worse, Mr. Speaker. British investigators believe that current and former agents of the same Russian military intelligence service accused of disrupting our 2016 elections are also likely responsible for the nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy and his daughter in Salisbury, England, earlier this year. Sadly, it is no surprise that the President didn’t stand up to Putin. He never does. When President Trump was asked whether he was a friend or a foe, he recently called Putin a competitor instead, like this was all some kind of real estate deal. A President who calls the free press, journalists in the United States, ‘‘the enemy of the American people’’ time and time again is unwilling to call the leader of Russia a foe or even an adversary. It is disturbing. What kind of hold does Vladimir Putin have on this President, Mr. Speaker? So much so that the President basically blamed the United States for much of the tensions between the two countries. The President even deflected when asked whether he trusts the American intelligence community or Putin. The President may be satisfied by what he called Putin’s strong and powerful denial of election interference, but I am not, Mr. Speaker. I am disgusted. It is clear that an effort to defend our democracy will have to be led by Congress, because it is not coming from the White House. But we are not leading when we make it easier for an adversary like Russia to attack us again. That is retreating. I remember learning about the separation of powers in school, how the legislative branch is a separate but equal branch of government. The Founders designed it that way so we could provide a check on a President. Mr. Speaker, when are the Republicans in Congress going to provide a check on President Trump? He is cozying up to Putin instead of holding him accountable for hacking our election. As Senator SCHUMER suggested, we should be increasing sanctions on the Russians. The Republican majority should be joining us, demanding the President’s national security team that accompanied him to Helsinki testify before Congress, detailing what they know. It is past time that Republicans end their attacks on the Department of Justice, on the FBI, and on the special counsel. Already, 32 people and three companies have been either indicted or pleaded guilty under Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. Now, we will see where else it leads, but there is already evidence of clear wrongdoing. He should be able to finish his work without any interference. The majority should move a bill from Representative NADLER to the floor immediately, so we can protect the special counsel’s investigation from the whims of this President. President Trump has shown he is willing to fire his FBI Director. Mr. Speaker, are the Republicans really going to stand by and make it possible for him to fire Robert Mueller, too? This majority must also demand the President insist that the 12 Russians named in Friday’s indictment are sent to the United States to stand trial. The President should have already done this when he met with Putin, but, apparently, it was an afterthought. Maybe he was too busy admiring the strongman to stand up for his country’s interests. I wish I were optimistic that Republicans would take these commonsense steps to protect our country, but I am not, not after what we saw in the Rules Committee last night. The majority failed to make in order an amendment by Representative QUIGLEY . It was germane. But they failed to make in order his amendment that would provide $380 million to help States protect election systems from cyber hacking. This funding should not have been zeroed out in the first place. Do my Republican friends see what is happening? Is anybody paying attention over there? Russia meddled in our election, and your response is to zero out funding for an election security assistance program. Then, when we pointed it out and tried to put the money back, you blocked the amendment. You won’t even allow us to debate the program. That is the smallest step that they could have taken. Instead, we can’t even have a debate on the floor. Apparently, the Republicans are afraid of having a fair fight about protecting our democracy, and it is indefensible. If the President isn’t willing to do more to prevent Putin from doing it again, then this Congress has an obligation to act, not gut the accounts that provide for election security. We can start standing up by voting against this rule and the underlying legislation. It doesn’t do nearly enough to protect our Nation against hostile foreign powers hellbent on attacking our democracy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and then I will turn and yield time to my friend from Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I just want to quickly respond to my friend’s concern about the Election Assistance Commission funds. As I am sure he is aware, that was the last installment last year, this fiscal year, of a $365 billion authorization that was actually done back in 2002. Currently, 39 percent of those funds for this year are still available to the 
States. Actually, 19 States have yet to submit any sort of request, and the legislation itself has not been reauthorized. If the authorizing people reauthorize it, I am sure we will revisit this matter. It also worth noting that anything added will be available only from October 1, and the election is 5 weeks after that. So the idea that we are going to do something in that period of time, I think, is a bit of a red herring. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), my good friend from the Seventh District. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and the underlying legislation that provides funding for programs vital to the environmental and economic health of my home State of Ohio and the entire Great Lakes region. This appropriations bill includes full funding, $300 million, for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. b1245 The GLRI is an important program focusing on critical environmental restoration projects, such as improving water quality, fighting invasive species, and repairing native habitats for wildlife. The Great Lakes region supports over $200 billion in economic activity and is the world’s largest source of fresh water. Restoring and preserving the Great Lakes is good for our environment and good for the thousands of Ohioans whose livelihoods depend on a clean Lake Erie. Additionally, the bill repeals the burdensome Obamaera waters of the United States rule, a bureaucratic overreach that expands EPA jurisdiction beyond congressional intent and in contradiction of court rulings. When the Obama administration announced this rule, I heard from farmers, ranchers, local and State governments, homeowners, and private property rights advocates. All agreed the Obama administration went too far, creating confusion and uncertainty about what would and would not fall under EPA jurisdiction. By repealing the flawed 2015 WOTUS rule, we are committing to work with State environmental agencies as partners in protecting our Nation’s natural resources, rather than as adversaries. Finally, this appropriations bill maintains funding for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, a valuable tool for State and local agencies to finance projects to ensure our municipalities have access to clean and affordable water. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the rule and passage of the legislation to keep the Great Lakes healthy and continue to improve our Nation’s water quality. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to respond to my good friend from Oklahoma who I think said that 39 percent of the funds are still left in the Election Assistance Commission account. Well, we still have 5 months left in this year, and does anybody here really believe that these attacks are going to stop? And shouldn’t we have money in the pipeline? Shouldn’t we be prepared not just for this election, but for the election after that? This is about protecting our democracy, and I don’t understand why this is controversial. But no matter what you think about Mr. QUIGLEY ’s amendment, it was germane. It was relevant to this bill. It should have been brought up, and we should debate it. All we are asking for is a fair fight. We are deeply concerned about what is happening to our country, and we are especially concerned in the aftermath of President Trump’s disastrous meeting with Vladimir Putin. Mr. Speaker, now is the time for Congress to stand unified with the unanimous assessment of our intelligence community. I ask my colleagues to defeat the previous question. If we do, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative ENGEL ’s resolution, H. Res. 999, which follows word for word yesterday’s statement by Speaker RYAN affirming Russia’s attacks on our democracy. This is the second time today that I am going to give my Republican friends a chance to go on the Record and agree with the words of the Republican Speaker of the House, PAUL RYAN. Defending our democracy shouldn’t be controversial. Agreeing with the Republican Speaker that ‘‘the United States must be focused on holding Russia accountable’’ should not be controversial. I would say to my friends, take yes for an answer. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding to me, and I want to strongly identify with his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I led the Foreign Affairs Committee Democrats last week urging President Trump to cancel his meeting with Vladimir Putin because I knew this was going to turn out badly, but, frankly, I didn’t know how bad it would be. It turns out President Trump embarrassed himself and disgraced our Nation. Standing on foreign soil, the President of the United States questioned America’s intelligence community; he attacked America’s law enforcement with bizarre conspiracy theories; he lobbed petty political insults; and he did it all while standing next to America’s chief rival, Vladimir Putin. When faced headon with the question, ‘‘Who do you believe?’’ President Trump sided with Putin and affirmed Putin’s brazen lies. This is the tyrant who directed attacks on America’s democracy in an effort to elect Donald Trump and hurt Hillary Clinton. And, as Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said, these attacks are still ongoing. As we all know, Putin is a ruthless leader who seeks to tear down our alliances, undermine Western unity, and destroy democracy. With the eyes of the world on them, it is plain that the President of the United States is now Putin’s willing accomplice, Putin’s poodle. It is outrageous; it is disgusting; it is dangerous; and it has been met with near universal condemnation. Here is what Speaker RYANsaid just yesterday, and I agree with the Speaker: 
There is no question that Russia interfered in our election and continues attempts to undermine democracy here and around the world. The President needs to understand that Russia is not our ally. There is no moral equivalency between the United States and Russia, which remains hostile to our most basic values and ideals, and that Russia must be held accountable. 
That is what our Republican Speaker said, and I agree with him. I have introduced this resolution so that the entire House can go on record agreeing with the Speaker, affirming that we stand with the Speaker. I deeply regret that a member of the Speaker’s own party just blocked the House from speaking with one voice and taking up this resolution by unanimous consent. We must reject the President’s capitulation to Putin; we must stand up for American leadership on the global stage; and we must demand that this administration treat Russia like the enemy it is. How can you treat Putin better than U.S. intelligence? It just boggles my mind. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent for the immediate consideration of the resolution I have just introduced, which is H. Res. 999. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. Does the gentleman from Oklahoma yield for purposes of this unanimous consent request? Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am reiterating my earlier announcement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only, and I will not yield for any other purpose. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma does not yield; therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to defeat the previous question. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Federal administrative law judges, commonly known as ALJs, decide over 1 million cases a year, covering everything from appeals of Social Security Disability and Medicare claims to disputes over black lung benefits and securities law violations. These are cases that can touch virtually all of our constituents. On July 10, President Trump issued an executive order that will undermine the quality and independence of ALJs and the impartiality of the decisions they render. It does so by changing the hiring standards for judges. The current standards guarantee that ALJs are fully qualified to serve. The executive order will replace those standards with a far more lenient system that would allow ALJs to be hired based on ideology or cronyism rather than experience and competence. This executive order, titled, ‘‘Exempting Administrative Law Judges from the Competitive Service’’ will open the door for the politicization of a profession that plays a defining role in the lives of millions of American families. Representatives ELIJAH CUMMINGS , DAVID CICILLINE , JOHN LARSON , and I filed an amendment to defund the executive order and preserve the impartiality, independence, and competence of administrative law judges. Unfortunately, the majority on the Rules Committee has refused to allow Members of Congress to vote on or even debate our amendment. The longstanding hiring standards for ALJs were designed to guarantee the legitimacy of their decisions. ALJs were required to have 7 years of trial level experience as an attorney and successfully complete a sixpart examination. To insulate judicial decisionmaking from agency political pressure, the examination was conducted by the Office of Personnel Management, OPM, which maintained a list of the highest scoring applicants from which agencies can then select their candidates. All of that was jettisoned by the President’s executive order, which removes ALJs from the competitive service. Now the only requirements are that an ALJ must be a lawyer in good standing. This executive order is strongly opposed by a broad spectrum of organizations. The Federal Administrative Law Judge Conference, a nonpartisan, voluntary professional association, warns, ‘‘now, any agency that wants to hire an ALJ needs no approval from OPM and can hire any attorney regardless of skill or experience. The new appointment process will not afford members of the public the due process and fair hearings they deserve. Instead, it will give agency insiders and political loyalists a job for which they may not be qualified but for which they will feel indebted.’’ The Association of Administrative Law Judges, which represents over 1,600 ALJs at the Social Security Administration, states that the President’s order ‘‘will politicize our courts, lead to cronyism, and replace independent and impartial adjudicators with those who do the bidding of political appointees.’’ The American Association for Justice writes: ‘‘It is important for all cases overseen by ALJs to have a neutral ALJ handling the case, not someone who may be beholden to a particular political party, hostile to a particular agency or program, or otherwise politically motivated in their decisionmaking.’’ The American Bar Association writes: ‘‘By giving agency heads sole discretion to hire ALJs who will be making determinations affirming or overturning decisions rendered by that agency, the executive order has the potential to politicize the appointment process and interfere with the decisional independence of ALJs.’’ The American Bar Association says further that: ‘‘Nothing less than the integrity of the administrative judiciary is at issue here. That is why it is critical that Members of Congress have an opportunity to participate in the debate and help formulate a solution. The first step is to halt implementation of the executive order.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the letters from those four organizations. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR JUSTICE , July 13, 2018. Hon. MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : The American Association for Justice strongly opposes the Trump Administration’s recent executive order regarding the hiring and role of federal Administrative Law Judges (ALJs). An impartial judiciary is central to the strength of our justice system, and ALJs should not be involved in the political process. The ALJ executive order threatens the American people’s right to a neutral arbiter and right to due process. It is vital that ALJs be independent and impartial. This executive order eliminates the process of selecting ALJs based on their qualifications, and instead allows these positions to be filled by political appointees without any meritbased procedure. Administrative proceedings should continue to be overseen and adjudicated by ALJs who are qualified, such as attorneys with at least seven years of litigation experience and who are vetted by the Office of Personnel Management, as was the prior process. The appointment of ALJs with no experience, who can gain appointment solely due to their financial contributions or other political incentives so long as they possess a bar license, could result in unfair, biased rulings for millions of Americans. The executive order will have a devastating effect on a vast array of cases, including cases before the Social Security Administration, Department of Labor, National Labor Relations Board, and Department of Health and Human Services. There are about 2,000 ALJs that decide over a million cases each year. Approximately 1,600 of those ALJs hear Social Security disability cases and render almost 700,000 decisions each year at the hearing level. It is important for all cases overseen by ALJs to have a neutral ALJ handling the case, not someone who may be beholden to a particular political party, hostile to a particular agency or program, or otherwise politically motivated in their decisionmaking. AAJ is especially concerned about bias against claimants seeking Social Security disability benefits. We urge you to oppose this executive order and to support Amendment #55, sponsored by Reps. Scott (VA), Cummings, Cicilline and Larson (CT), to Division B of Rules Committee Print 115–81 (H.R. 6147). We greatly appreciate your support in protecting the American people’s right to due process. Sincerely, LINDA LIPSEN , CEO, American Association for Justice. 
[News Release From the Association of Administrative Law Judges, July 12, 2018] STATEMENT BY HON. MARILYN ZAHM, PRESIDENT OF THE ASSOCIATION OF ADMINISTRA TIVE LAWJUDGES (AALJ) ONWHITE HOUSE  EXECUTIVE ORDER ON ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGES  President Trump’s executive order this week regarding the hiring and role of federal administrative law judges should concern anyone who has a Social Security Card. This is an assault on due process for the American people who have a right to a neutral arbiter. Currently, 1,600 of the roughly 2,000 federal ALJs hear Social Security disability cases. The president’s order calls for replacing the current merit system used to hire judges with a courtpacking plan that will allow agency heads to hand pick judges who hear cases at the Social Security Administration and dozens of other federal agencies. This change will politicize our courts, lead to cronyism and replace independent and impartial adjudicators with those who do the bidding of political appointees. This is a decision that should be reversed. If allowed to go forward it would be the equivalent of placing a thumb on the scale of justice. 
AMERICAN BARASSOCIATION , Chicago, IL, July 16, 2018. Hon. PETESESSIONS , Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. JAMES MCGOVERN , Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SESSIONS AND RANKING  MEMBER MCGOVERN : On behalf of the American Bar Association and its over 400,000 members nationwide, I write to urge you to support consideration of Representative Scott’s proposed amendment to Division B of Rules Committee Print 115–81 during floor consideration of H.R. 6147. The amendment would prohibit the use of funds by the Office of Personnel Management or any other executive branch agency for the development, promulgation, modification, or implementation of the July 10, 2018, Executive Order Excepting Administrative Law Judges from Competitive Service. The Executive Order (EO) is an illconsidered and legally vulnerable response to the Supreme Court ruling in Lucia et al. v. Securities and Exchange Commission, which held that SEC Administrative Law Judges (ALJs) are considered ‘‘inferior officers of the United States’’ and therefore require appointment consistent with the Appointments Clause of the United States Constitution. The EO, which eliminates the nationwide, uniform, competitive selection exam process 
and weakens existing qualifications standards, gives each agency head the unfettered authority to hire ALJs based on criteria established by the agency. In fact, the EO specifically states that it gives agencies greater discretion to assess critical qualities, including the applicant’s ‘‘ability to meet the particular needs of the agency,’’ which are, of course, left entirely to the agency to define. There is no doubt that changes to the current selection and appointment process for ALJs are required by Lucia, but we believe that those changes should be instituted after there has been an opportunity for Congress and the public to engage in an open and deliberative process that considers possible options for curing the constitutional defects in the current process. We hope this includes an examination of ways to assure that safeguards remain in place that respect the unique adjudicative role of ALJs and retain public confidence in the system. If adopted, the Scott amendment, by halting implementation of the EO, would allow congressional and public engagement on this important issue. A fair and impartial administrative judiciary is indispensable to our system of justice. Vast numbers of Americans are involved in administrative adjudicative proceedings every day, and the decisions rendered by ALJs in these proceedings often affect their lives in profound ways. By giving agency heads sole discretion to hire ALJs who will be making determinations affirming or overturning decisions rendered by that agency, the EO has the potential to politicize the appointment process and interfere with the decisional independence of ALJs. Nothing less than the integrity of the administrative judiciary is at issue here. That is why it is critical that Members of Congress have an opportunity to participate in the debate and help formulate a solution. The first step is to halt implementation of the EO. We therefore urge you to allow the House to vote on the Scott amendment when it deliberates on H.R. 6147. Sincerely, HILARIE BASS, President. 
[From the Federal Administrative Law Judges Conference, July 11, 2018] EXECUTIVE ORDER ON ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGES LOWERS STANDARDS AND REDUCES  INDEPENDENCE  WASHINGTON , DC.—On July 10, 2018, President Donald J. Trump issued an executive order eliminating the competitive process to select nonpartisan Administrative Law Judges (ALJs) based on qualifications demonstrated through courtroom experience and an examination process. These positions may now be filled by inexperienced political appointees. Nearly two thousand ALJs decide over a million cases each year. Americans are far more likely during their lifetime to encounter a federal ALJ than any other type of judge. Since 1947, administrative proceedings, under the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), have been objectively overseen by presidents from both political parties without partisan interference. In enacting the APA, Congress ensured that agency judges must be both highly qualified and independent from political influence. Until yesterday, federal agencies hired ALJ candidates with 7 years of litigation experience. Candidates were ranked based on their scores on a sixpart examination conducted by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM). Now, any agency that wants to hire an ALJ needs no approval from OPM and can hire any attorney regardless of skill or experience. The new appointment process will not afford members of the public the due process and fair hearings they deserve. Instead, it will give agency insiders and political loyalists a job for which they may not be qualified but for which they will feel indebted. As judges, we are disappointed that a merit selection system that produced nonpartisan judges for seven decades was eliminated by the stroke of a pen. We call for presidential reconsideration or Congressional intervention to restore the ALJ merit selection system. The Federal Administrative Law Judges Conference (FALJC), established in 1947, is a nonpartisan voluntary professional association for federal ALJs. FALJC is dedicated to improving the administrative judicial process, presenting educational programs, and ensuring due process and judicial independence in administrative proceedings. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, by refusing to allow this amendment to come to the floor, the majority has denied Members the opportunity to have an important debate on this issue. Rather than avoiding the issue, the majority should be standing up for a just and impartial review process. Rather than refusing a vote on this amendment, the majority should be joining us in holding the administration to account. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed by the majority’s opposition to consider this issue that affects so many constituents across the country. I, therefore, urge Members to oppose the rule. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the majority has filled the Financial Services Appropriations bill with antiHome Rule riders that meddle in local D.C. affairs. Not one or two provisions, which would be bad enough, but five. One would prohibit D.C. from using its own funding to carry out Initiative 77, which eliminates the tipped minimum wage. That is an initiative, by the way, that passed recently with 56 percent of the vote. Last night in the Rules Committee, the Republicans even made in order the Palmer amendment. This would prevent the District from implementing its local individual responsibility requirement. If passed, this amendment would increase health insurance premiums and cause residents to lose access to affordable coverage options. Mr. Speaker, why are the Republicans continuing to interfere in local D.C. government? Where are the small government conservatives? Where is the Freedom Caucus? They should be outraged by this meddling. Congresswoman ELEANOR HOLMES  NORTON filed amendments to strike these riders and spoke in the Rules Committee last night. She asked a pretty simple question: Don’t my Republican friends have their own districts to worry about? Her amendments complied with the rules of the House, yet they were blocked from getting a vote on the floor. We can’t even debate them here. The majority is afraid of a fair fight. We are long past the point of breaking the record for being the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. This is more of the same for the most closed Congress in history, but that doesn’t make it right, Mr. Speaker. When will the Republicans finally say, ‘‘Enough’’? So enough with the meddling in D.C. affairs, enough with overriding the will of local residents, and enough with the restrictive amendment process. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). b1300 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, first I want to thank the ranking member for his very cogent remarks that go to the principle of the matter before the House today. I have to say, I come to the well of the House in outrage against the attack on the District of Columbia by the Republican House. In 1973—that is 45 years ago—Congress passed the District of Columbia Home Rule Act, which created the locally elected government. Understand that after the Civil War, it is Republicans who first gave the District of Columbia the right to have its own home rule, a tradition that this Republican majority has repudiated. According to the Home Rule Act, a central purpose of the act was, and I am quoting, ‘‘to relieve Congress of the burden of legislating upon essentially local District matters.’’ President Nixon, who signed the bill, affirmed that purpose himself when he wrote—and I am going to quote President Nixon: ‘‘One of the major goals of this administration is to place responsibility for local functions under local control and to provide local governments with the authority and resources they need to serve their communities effectively. The measure I signed today represents a significant step in achieving this goal in the city of Washington. It will give the people of the District of Columbia the right to elect their own city officials and to govern themselves in local affairs. ‘‘As the Nation approaches the 200th anniversary of its founding, it is particularly appropriate to ensure those persons who live in the Capital City the rights and privileges which have long been enjoyed by most of their countrymen. But the measure I signed today does more than create machinery for the election of local officials. It also broadens and strengthens the structure of city government to enable it to deal more effectively with its responsibility.’’ Signed, Richard Nixon. How do we square those words and the bipartisan Home Rule Act with a fiscal year 2019 appropriation bill which is the most significant abuse of congressional power over the District 
of Columbia since Republicans took control of the House in 2011? This bill repeals two D.C. laws and prohibits the city from spending its local funds, consisting only of local taxes raised in the city by local citizens, not a cent of it raised from this House, to either carry out or enact three laws. I filed amendments to strike all five of these undemocratic riders. Even though my amendments complied with the House rules, the Rules Committee did not make any of them in order, afraid, apparently, of debate on this matter before the people of the United States. Adding insult to injury, the Rules Committee piled on by making in order two additional antiHome Rule riders. If this bill stands, there will be a record seven antiHome Rule riders in it. Some of these riders come back every year, and yet we have been able to get them off every year in conference. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POLIQUIN ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia an additional 1 minute. Ms. NORTON. This Republican majority endlessly touts their support of local affairs—a lie, as long as that principle stops at the District of Columbia border, and Republicans interfere with the spending and laws of a local jurisdiction not their own. Pardon me for being angry, but I remind my colleagues that the 700,000 American citizens who live in the District of Columbia pay the highest Federal taxes per capita in the United States and have fought and died in every war since the Revolutionary War; yet they have no voting representation on this House floor, even on their own appropriation, and no representation in the Senate at all. These riders amount to bullying that takes unfair advantage of the District of Columbia. No wonder we are making headway on our D.C. statehood bill, but it should not take statehood. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia an additional 30 seconds. Ms. NORTON. It should not take statehood for any district to be treated with respect and fairness. We have been successful in cleaning up the D.C. appropriation in the past, and we will be successful again. The people of the District of Columbia will not let you get away with bullying them after they have paid their Federal taxes the way every Member of this House has. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how many more speakers the gentleman has on his side. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close whenever my friend is. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have left to close. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, when Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein announced the charges against 12 Russian military officers on Friday, he said: ‘‘We need to work together to hold the perpetrators accountable, and we need to keep moving forward to preserve our values, protect against future interference, and defend America.’’ Well, Republicans and Democrats working together need to come together to defend this country. That shouldn’t be controversial. It should be common sense, and it should be above partisanship. But we have a President who probably tunes out anything the Deputy Attorney General says because President Trump is too busy attacking the special counsel investigation on a near daily basis. He calls it a witch hunt and even worse, and that is despite the fact that the Justice Department has issued more than 100 criminal counts against more than 30 people and three companies. Numerous associates of the President have pled guilty, and his former campaign chairman is sitting in jail today. Or maybe more accurately, Mr. Speaker, the President attacks Robert Mueller’s investigation because of that fact, because the special counsel could be closing in on even more possible wrongdoing. Where there is smoke there is usually fire, and there is at least a lot of smoke so far. So, given the President’s action, we need, as a Congress, to step it up. We need to hold Russia accountable and prevent this kind of hacking from ever happening again because the President, who is unwilling to say even publicly that he trusts the American intelligence community over Vladimir Putin, will not. Mr. Speaker, I am asking my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can go on record as disagreeing and condemning what the President did in Helsinki, which was such a betrayal of our values. And what we are asking to do is to vote to endorse the Speaker of the House, the Republican Speaker of the House’s words. I mean, quite frankly, we should have a resolution of disapproval on the floor, or maybe even a censure, given what the President did. But we are saying let’s come together in a bipartisan way, and let’s make a statement that we disagree with what the President did, what his behavior was. So vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me make a couple of comments in response to my friend. It was the last President, not this President, who told Russian leaders that he would be more flexible after an election. It was the last President, not this President, who said Russia was not a geopolitical threat and chastised Mitt Romney when he raised it in the campaign. And it was the last President, not this President, who drew a red line and then refused to enforce it. If you actually look at the RECORD , it is this administration and this party that, frankly, has begun to restore America’s defenses after years of neglect by the last administration. That is not good news for Russia. It is this administration that has also encouraged and cajoled some of our allies to increase their defense level up to the levels that they, themselves, had committed to. It was this President that twice enforced red lines in Syria. It was this Congress that administered everincreasing penalties on Russian sanctions. So I think if you look at the actions, the actions are pretty impressive. But I want to actually get back to the matter at hand, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to encourage all Members to support the rule. Today’s bill represents the next step toward fulfilling our primary obligation as Members of Congress: funding the Government of the United States. Although not perfect, the bill before us today will lead to the completion of the House’s work on two more appropriations bills. We will provide funding for important government activities like fighting forest fires, funding the Indian Health Service, enforcing tax and securities laws, and funding our national parks; and we will ensure that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is no longer allowed to operate without congressional oversight. While I look forward to completing our work and passing all 12 appropriations bills, this legislation represents an important step along the way to fulfilling that goal. I applaud my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee for their work. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 996 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new section: SEC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution the House shall be considered to have adopted the resolution (H. Res. 999) expressing agreement with the statements of the Speaker of the House of Representatives made on July 16, 2018, regarding Russian Federation interference in the 2016 United States elections and related matters. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to 
offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 230, nays 183, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 331] YEAS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Ca´rdenas Crowley Ellison Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hill Jackson Lee Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Roby SheaPorter Simpson Speier Walz 
b1336 Messrs. SOTO and O’HALLERAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. PALMER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 331. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 229, noes 184, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Black Ca´rdenas Clark (MA) Crowley Ellison Garamendi Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Jackson Lee Lujan Grisham, M. Roby SheaPorter Simpson Speier Walz 
b1344 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 332. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, for personal reasons, I was unable to vote today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 331 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 332. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. ELECTING A MEMBER TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1000 Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT  REFORM : Mr. Cloud. COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY : Mr. Cloud. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Washington? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 717) to promote pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 717 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘POWER Act’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Extremely high rates of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking exist at the local, State, tribal, and national levels and such violence or behavior harms the most vulnerable members of our society. (2) According to a study commissioned by the Department of Justice, nearly 25 percent of women suffer from domestic violence during their lifetime. (3) Proactive efforts should be made available in all forums to provide pro bono legal services and eliminate the violence that destroys lives and shatters families. 
(4) A variety of factors cause domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking, and a variety of solutions at the local, State, and national levels are necessary to combat such violence or behavior. (5) According to the National Network to End Domestic Violence, which conducted a census including almost 1,700 assistance programs, over the course of 1 day in September 2014, more than 10,000 requests for services, including legal representation, were not met. (6) Pro bono assistance can help fill this need by providing not only legal representation, but also access to emergency shelter, transportation, and childcare. (7) Research and studies have demonstrated that the provision of legal assistance to victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking reduces the probability of such violence or behavior reoccurring in the future and can help survivors move forward. (8) Legal representation increases the possibility of successfully obtaining a protective order against an attacker, which prevents further mental and physical injury to a victim and his or her family, as demonstrated by a study that found that 83 percent of victims represented by an attorney were able to obtain a protective order, whereas only 32 percent of victims without an attorney were able to do so. (9) The American Bar Association Model Rules include commentary stating that ‘‘every lawyer, regardless of professional prominence or professional workload, has a responsibility to provide legal services to those unable to pay, and personal involvement in the problems of the disadvantaged can be one of the most rewarding experiences in the life of a lawyer’’. (10) As leaders in their legal communities, judges in district courts should encourage lawyers to provide pro bono resources in an effort to help victims of such violence or behavior escape the cycle of abuse. (11) A dedicated army of pro bono attorneys focused on this mission will inspire others to devote efforts to this cause and will raise awareness of the scourge of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking throughout the country. (12) Communities, by providing awareness of pro bono legal services and assistance to survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking, will empower those survivors to move forward with their lives. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, the chief judge, or his or her designee, for each judicial district shall lead not less than 1 public event, in partnership with a State, local, tribal, or territorial domestic violence service provider or coalition and a State or local volunteer lawyer project, promoting pro bono legal services as a critical way in which to empower survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking and engage citizens in assisting those survivors. (b) DISTRICTS CONTAINING INDIAN TRIBES  
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—During each 2 year period, the chief judge, or his or her designee, for a judicial district that contains an Indian tribe or tribal organization (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) shall lead not less than 1 public event promoting pro bono legal services under subsection (a) of this section in partnership with an Indian tribe or tribal organization with the intent of increasing the provision of pro bono legal services for Indian or Alaska Native victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. (c) REQUIREMENTS .—Each chief judge shall— (1) have discretion as to the design, organization, and implementation of the public events required under subsection (a); and (2) in conducting a public event under subsection (a), seek to maximize the local impact of the event and the provision of access to highquality pro bono legal services by survivors of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. 
(a) R EPORT TO THE DIRECTOR OF THE ADMIN ISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  COURTS .—Not later than October 30 of each year, each chief judge shall submit to the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts a report detailing each public event conducted under section 3 during the previous fiscal year. (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than January 1 of each year, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall submit to Congress a compilation and summary of each report received under subsection (a) for the previous fiscal year. (2) REQUIREMENT .—Each comprehensive report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an analysis of how each public event meets the goals set forth in this Act, as well as suggestions on how to improve future public events. 
The Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall use existing funds to carry out the requirements of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 717, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to be voting on S. 717, the Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2018, otherwise known as the POWER Act. The POWER Act directs that each year the chief judge in each judicial district across the country hold at least one event in partnership with domestic violence service providers or volunteer lawyer projects to promote pro bono legal services for survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault. Lawyers play a critical role in combating domestic violence. Not only do government prosecutors enforce criminal laws, but in the civil realm, lawyers may provide legal representation in matters such as civil protection order applications which ultimately help keep victims safe from their abusers. While victims are able to apply for these orders pro se, as this bill makes clear, legal representation increases the possibility of successfully obtaining a protective order against an attacker, which prevents further mental and physical injury to a victim and his or her family. One study has found that 83 percent of victims represented by an attorney were able to obtain a protective order, whereas only 32 percent of victims without an attorney were able to do so. Federal courts already promote many pro bono programs in their judicial districts and have access to local attorneys who may be able to volunteer to work with domestic violence victims. This bill not only requires a public event in each Federal judicial district for every year during a 4year period, it also requires an additional public event to be held every 2 years during the 4year period in districts that contain Tribes or Tribal organizations that specifically focus on encouraging pro bono legal services for Indian or Alaska Native victims of domestic violence. I would like to thank Senator SULLIVAN from Alaska for introducing this bill and shepherding it through the Senate. And I would like to thank Mr. KENNEDY from the great Commonwealth of Massachusetts for introducing this bill in the House. This is an extremely important issue, and I hope it will make a real difference in increasing legal services to victims. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the POWER Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 717, the Pro bono Work to Empower and Represent Act of 2018, or the POWER Act as, as amended. It seeks to promote pro bono legal services as a way to empower survivors of domestic violence. We all know that domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking affect the people of every single one of our communities in profound ways. Alas, the demand for legal services to assist victims who find themselves in a domestic violence situation far exceeds the availability of free or lowcost legal services, and yet research consistently shows, as the chairman of the Judiciary Committee just pointed out, that if you have got a lawyer, then you are significantly better equipped to prevent future domestic violence than if you don’t have a lawyer. In fact, those victims who have a lawyer are three times more likely to be able to prevent future violence than those who are without a lawyer. So this measure is consistent with the spirit and the goals of the legal profession. The American Bar Association’s Model Rules of Professional Conduct encourage attorneys to bridge the gap in representation by providing free legal services to people who are unable to pay them, and this is an especially 
vulnerable and often destitute population. One bar jurisdiction that has stepped up in a very profound way to meet this professional standard and challenge is the District of Columbia Bar which has an extraordinary and successful project created by Karen Barker Marcou and Kathleen Buhle Biden which is called the DC Volunteer Lawyers Project. They just celebrated their 10th anniversary. They have 2,100 lawyers who have signed up pro bono to offer their assistance to victims of domestic violence, stalking, date rape, and so on. They serve more than 1,000 clients every single year. They were just given an award by the D.C. Bar for the work that they have put together solely through the volunteer efforts of lawyers in the District of Columbia Bar. So this legislation would modestly and simply direct the chief judge in each Federal judicial district to organize at least one public event annually for the next 4 years to promote pro bono legal services to victims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking in the districts in which the court serves its jurisdiction. In the case of districts containing an Indian Tribe or Tribal organization, chief judges in partnership with the Tribes would have to lead at least one public event promoting such pro bono legal services during each 2year period. People who have experienced and survived these types of violence deserve and will benefit from all the information and assistance that can be provided in such public events. Too often survivors simply don’t know what resources are out there and are available to help them. S. 717 will help survivors of domestic violence vindicate their rights and protect themselves from future assaults which are still a scourge on the land. I support this legislation. Obviously, there is a lot more we can do. Congress should work to allocate resources to the recruitment, training, and placement of pro bono attorneys through the myriad of already existing bar association programs like the one in the District of Columbia. Of course, Congress should work to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act which provides an indispensable array of programs that help address domestic violence and sexual assault. We should not let the authorization for these important protections lapse. All of these efforts are important, and the measure before us today will support a comprehensive response to these types of crimes. I support this bill, and I commend my colleague, Representative JOEKENNEDY , for his leadership in authoring the House companion to the Senate bill. I want to thank the chairman for his leadership, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation so we may bring it one step closer to enactment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), who is the Republican Conference chair. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the POWER Act. Survivors of sexual and domestic violence must know that they have a place to turn where they can step out of the shadows of abuse to find hope. To provide that hope, the POWER Act will bring more tools and resources to communities so that survivors can find access to legal services that they need. It will also encourage lawyers across the country to get involved in these cases, and it will help people break free from the dangerous cycle of abuse. No one should ever have to live in fear of being intimidated from seeking justice. The first step is making sure they courageously know where they can safely go for help. Today, to build on our work to make our communities safer, I urge my colleagues to join me in sending the POWER Act to the President’s desk to become law. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ), who is my friend and colleague. Representative JOEKENNEDY is not only a distinguished champion of the rights of women and a foe of domestic violence, but he is a former prosecutor who spent a lot of time in Massachusetts prosecuting domestic violence cases. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. RASKIN , for his kind words and for his leadership on this bill and legislation in bringing it to this point and for all of his efforts in combating domestic violence as well. I also want to thank my colleagues, in particular Congressman YOUNG ; Congresswoman MCMORRIS RODGERS , the Republican Conference Chair; Congresswoman TULSI GABBARD ; Congresswoman BROOKS ; as well as the chairman, Mr. GOODLATTE , for his leadership in making sure that this bill comes to the floor today; as well as Senator SULLIVAN from Alaska who is the original author of this legislation and has been working with me on this for the past several years. I am grateful for his leadership as well. Mr. Speaker, I remember far too many times in a courtroom as a State level prosecutor the challenges of bringing domestic violence cases to trial. I remember to this day talking to victims and seeing perhaps a paragraph in a police report and something that didn’t quite seem right; doing an interview with the victim and peeling back layer after layer after layer of isolation and of control, and of the creation of a state of dependence and of perpetual fear. b1400 I remember getting ready to try a case one day. The victim came in with her daughter. The victim had a black eye. She sat next to her husband, the defendant, throughout the entire morning of the case. She blamed the black eye on a newborn child who was sleeping in her bed. I remember watching countless efforts for a restraining order as the attorney badgered a victim, and watching a victim get so disenchanted with our court system that she said she would never come back. Standing in a courtroom, Mr. Speaker, with those survivors, you start to see our justice system through their eyes. It is, at times, an endless and impossible maze where abuse and injustice is relived and replicated on every single occasion. That is why we as a Congress must ensure that no survivor is ever forced to stand alone before a judge, because we know and the data well proves that, oftentimes, these cases can be a matter of life and death. It is, in fact, the most predictable form of homicide we have in our Nation. We know how prevalent and pervasive it is. Nearly 8 million women are raped, assaulted, or stalked every year by a current or former intimate partner. We know that lowincome women and men are at higher risk of domestic violence and rape. We know that more than 80 percent of survivors with access to a lawyer successfully obtain restraining orders, while those who stand alone obtain one less than onethird of the time. Mr. Speaker, passing the POWER Act will begin to restore our sacred promise of an equal justice system. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), the dean of the House who has been a real champion in combating domestic violence. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his kindness in recognizing me, but also for bringing up this bill. I also thank Mr. KENNEDY  for his support. This is Senator SULLIVAN ’s bill, although I had a companion bill on the House side. What has been said here prior to me is really what we are addressing. Domestic violence is a terror on our society. No one is immune to it, be they rich or poor, whatever race or ethnic group you may belong to. It cuts across the aisle. Unfortunately, far too many Alaskans have firsthand experience in this reality. In 2015, a survey of Alaskan victims found that, out of every 100 adult women, 40 experienced intimate partner violence, 33 experienced sexual violence, and one in three adult women in Alaska have been a victim of stalking in their lifetime. Not only must we do more to prevent this epidemic from growing, we must also do more to help the survivors, and that is what the POWER Act does. It allows the victims to have pro bono 
legal representation from the legal profession to take and present their cases. I believe this bill is well and long overdue. If I can refer to what Mr. KENNEDY  said, I have a little experience myself. A dear friend of mine, who was a friend of my late wife, used to get beat up by her husband because he was drinking all the time. My wife asked: Why don’t you just hit him? She said: Well, I couldn’t do that. Violence begets violence. Well, my wife at that time was very young, and she said: Well, I wouldn’t put up with it. About 2 weeks later, there was a knock on our door and my wife answered. She opened the door and our friend said: I did it. She said: What did you do? The woman said: My husband beat me up. He passed out, and I hit him with a frying pan when he was asleep. I wouldn’t suggest that solution, but she had no other recourse, no way to be represented legally to go to the courts. I am saying this should be passed. To have representation in the courtroom is a good piece of legislation. Again, I thank Mr. GOODLATTE for bringing this bill to the floor, Mr. SULLIVAN , and all those people involved with it. It is long overdue. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Domestic violence is a reign of terror for people who are caught up in it. Historically, of course, domestic violence was bolstered by a compliant or indifferent, sexist criminal justice system and laws that were inadequate to the task. Even today, in many parts of the world, from Afghanistan to Saudi Arabia to India, women are still subject to domestic violence and to indifferent and hostile treatment from their legal systems. But in America, we have advanced far beyond that. Still, there is a lot more we can do to address the problems of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. One thing we know we can do is to get lawyers for women when they have been attacked. The information and the assistance that they will get from the lawyers will help them get out of a desperate situation. The information and assistance that we provide under this legislation in public events will indeed advance the power of survivors to get out of domestic violence, dating violence, or a stalking reign of terror. We support enactment of this legislation as well as the additional efforts we have mentioned to provide counsel for survivors, to promote their ability to access the resources of our criminal justice system. We look forward to working with Chairman GOODLATTE and other colleagues on the other side of the aisle for rapid passage of this important, bipartisan measure and further legislative efforts that will strengthen the position of people who are victims of domestic violence. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this is a very good bill. I thank the Senator from Alaska, Mr. SULLIVAN , for working with me and my staff. On the minority side as well, I thank Congressman KENNEDY , Mr. RASKIN , and the ranking member on the Judiciary Committee. This is truly a bipartisan effort to help educate people who are the victims of domestic violence about better ways that they can protect themselves and avail themselves of good representation in court. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WESTERMAN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 717, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF THE HOUSE THAT THE NATION FACES A MORE COMPLEX AND GRAVE SET OF THREATS THAN AT ANY TIME SINCE THE END OF WORLD WAR II Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 995) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Nation now faces a more complex and grave set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II, and that the lack of full, ontime funding related to defense activities puts servicemen and servicewomen at risk, harms national security, and aids the adversaries of the United States. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 995 Whereas the United States now faces a more complex set of threats than at any time since the end of World War II; Whereas the National Defense Strategy released on January 19, 2018, highlights these threats and acknowledges a return to great power competition; Whereas countries like Russia and China are heavily investing in military modernization and developing capabilities that the United States may not be able to defend against while also expanding their influence across the globe; Whereas North Korea’s nuclear program continues to be a serious threat; Whereas the National Defense Strategy states that ‘‘Iran continues to sow violence and remains the most significant challenge to Middle East stability’’; Whereas the National Defense Strategy states that ‘‘terrorist groups with long reach continue to murder the innocent and threaten peace more broadly’’; Whereas the United States continues to fight a war against terrorism and has troops deployed in hostile regions throughout the globe; Whereas, on January 19, 2018, Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, ‘‘As hard as the last 16 years have been on our military, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of the U.S. military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act’s defense spending cuts, worsened by us operating, 9 of the last 10 years, under continuing resolutions, wasting copious amounts of precious taxpayer dollars’’; Whereas fiscal year 2009 was the last fiscal year the Department of Defense received on time funding; Whereas the House of Representatives has passed an annual appropriation bill for the Department of Defense before the start of the next fiscal year in each of those fiscal years; Whereas article I, section 8 of the Constitution gives Congress the responsibility to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ and calls on Congress to ‘‘raise and support Armies’’ and ‘‘provide and maintain a Navy’’; and Whereas Secretaries of Defense appointed by Presidents of both parties have warned about the damage funding uncertainty has on the readiness of our Armed Forces: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that— (1) failing to provide our military with full, stable, and ontime funding allows our adversaries to close critical military capability gaps, putting our servicemembers at increased risk, and severely harms our military’s ability to prepare for, deter, and, if needed, defend against these capabilities, putting United States national security at greater risk; (2) providing full, stable, and ontime funding for the Department of Defense is critically necessary to preventing these increased risks; and (3) the House of Representatives is committed to ending the funding uncertainty for the Department of Defense and providing the resources United States servicemembers need to defend the Nation, and that the Senate should join the House of Representatives in these efforts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the resolution under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my resolution, H. Res. 995, which expresses this House’s commitment to providing the full, ontime funding our men and women in uniform need to defend our Nation. This week and next, Mr. Speaker, we will be spending time on this floor discussing the devastating impacts nine 
consecutive continuing resolutions have had on our military’s readiness and on our ability to deter and defend against our adversaries. Despite the fact that this House has consistently, and normally in a bipartisan fashion, completed our work on time, we have repeatedly seen partisan politics, particularly in the Senate, prevent the Congress from delivering a funding bill to the President’s desk on time. In fact, since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, the House has never failed to pass a Defense Appropriations bill on time. Just a few weeks ago, we passed H.R. 6157, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019, with an overwhelmingly bipartisan 359–49 vote. Today’s resolution, Mr. Speaker, expresses the sense of this House that failing to provide full, ontime, stable funding increases the risk to our servicemembers and aids our adversaries. The resolution expresses our commitment to ending the funding uncertainty our military faces and urges the Senate to similarly complete its work so we can provide the ontime funding our armed services require. Mr. Speaker, we must stop forcing our men and women in uniform and their families to pay the price for our dysfunction. Today, Mr. Speaker, we will consider three resolutions. H. Res. 995, which I have introduced, acknowledges the unprecedented global threat environment we face and the negative impact these continuing resolutions have had on our military’s ability to confront this environment and deter and, if necessary, defeat our enemies. We will also consider H. Res. 994, offered by my colleague and fellow member of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. GALLAGHER from Wisconsin. Mr. GALLAGHER is a marine with two deployments to Al Anbar province in Iraq. His resolution details the negative impact of CRs and funding instability on the readiness of the U.S Marine Corps. Finally, Mr. Speaker, we will consider H. Res. 998, offered by Mr. WITTMAN of Virginia, chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. WITTMAN ’s resolution lays out the damage that the CRs and unpredictable funding have done to the United States Navy. Next week, Mr. Speaker, we will consider resolutions addressing the impact of unstable funding on the United States Air Force and the United States Army. We know, Mr. Speaker, that not every Member of this body is on one of the defenserelated committees, but we also know that every Member of this body is committed to the security of our Nation. I take the opportunity today, along with my colleagues, to lay out in detail the threats we face and the impacts our actions in this House can have on our military’s ability to keep us safe. Reflecting on the challenges facing our Armed Forces, Secretary Mattis put it this way: ‘‘As hard as the last 16 years have been on our military, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of the U.S. military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act’s defense spending cuts, worsened by us operating 9 out of the last 10 years under continuing resolutions.’’ Secretary Mattis went on to explain the consequences of Congress’ failure to provide reliable, ontime, sufficient funding: ‘‘Ships will not receive the required maintenance to put to sea; the ships already at sea will be extended outside of port; aircraft will remain on the ground, their pilots not at the sharpest edge; and eventually ammunition, training, and manpower will not be sufficient to deter war.’’ Not sufficient to defer war, Mr. Speaker. No experience, Mr. Speaker, has had a greater impact on me during my time as a Member of this body than having the Secretary of Defense testify in front of us as members of the Armed Services Committee and say that congressional abrogation of our constitutional duty to fund our military is putting our servicemembers at greater risk. While our military has suffered under this burden of continuing resolutions and dangerous policies of our previous administration, our adversaries have been making steady gains. Never before in recent history have we seen the gap between our capabilities and those of our adversaries widen at such a breathtaking pace—and not in our favor, Mr. Speaker. China is pursuing an aggressive strategy to overtake our military and economic advantage globally. They are developing technologies that are specifically targeted to diminish our ability to project our force. They are developing weapons systems against which we may not be able to defend. b1415 They have utilized deficiencies in our current CFIUS process to attempt to acquire critical U.S. technology. Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTE have made significant efforts to embed themselves in the United States, putting our telecommunications networks and, potentially, our defense supply chain at risk. Militarily, economically, in cyberspace, in space, on land, in air, and at sea, the Chinese have made clear their objective is to achieve global preeminence, which means they must attempt to displace us. The Russians continue to modernize their nuclear arsenal, as they violate their commitments to us under the INF Treaty. They, too, are developing advanced and threatening weapons systems and attempting to exercise their hegemonic ambitions across Europe. They have violated the borders and sovereignty of their neighbors. In the words of the National Defense Strategy, they are making efforts ‘‘to shatter the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and use emerging technologies to discredit and subvert democratic processes in Georgia, Crimea, and eastern Ukraine.’’ They have attempted to subvert our own democratic processes, as we saw in last week’s indictment of 12 members of the GRU, Russian military intelligence. We have seen in Russia and China a return to great power competition, and 8 years of Obamaera policies facilitated these developments. At the same time, we continue to face significant threats from rogue regimes like Iran and North Korea. The Iranians benefited tremendously from the payments they received from the Obama administration, over $1.5 billion, when they entered into the Obama nuclear deal. This deal paved the way for a nucleararmed Iran with no real verification provisions, no complete disclosure of their past activity, no cessation of their enrichment activity, and it lifted restrictions on their ballistic missile program. President Trump was right to withdraw from this disastrous deal, but we are still living with the consequences of an emboldened Iran, enriched with U.S. taxpayer dollars and a pathway to a nuclear weapon. Their support for terrorist groups like Hamas and Hezbollah has grown, while they continue to pose an existential threat to the State of Israel. The North Koreans, similarly, continue to pose a serious threat, Mr. Speaker, with an arsenal of nuclear weapons, an ongoing ballistic missile program, and continued pursuit of biological and chemical weapons. Despite recent success on the battlefield against ISIS, radical Islamic terrorism continues to pose a threat to our Nation. We have got troops deployed today, Mr. Speaker, around the globe in the fight against terrorism. As we face all of these threats, we are also living through an era of increasingly rapid technological development. The very nature of warfare is changing. The ability and the agility required to successfully respond to these threats requires funding sufficiency and certainty. Mr. Speaker, that certainty simply cannot be provided through continuous continuing resolutions. In the face of all these threats, Mr. Speaker, we in this body must resolve not to add to the risk our troops are facing. We must resolve to fulfill our constitutional duty and provide sufficient, ontime, reliable funding. It took many years for the readiness, manpower, and training crises we face to develop. We in this House and in the Senate must be part of the solution today and for many days and years into the future. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to read something that the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral John Richardson, said before the House Armed 
Services Committee last year in a hearing about the damage of continuing resolutions: ‘‘I have a hard time believing,’’ he said, ‘‘that I am sitting before you now to discuss the potential that we might take steps to make our sailors’ missions more difficult, to give our adversaries more advantage. . . . ‘’ Think about that, Mr. Speaker. That is what this debate is about. That is what this resolution is about. Insufficient, unreliable funding gives our adversaries an advantage. We must not be part of that any longer. We must resolve to get our work done on time, in the House and in the Senate, and to fulfill our constitutional obligation. We must, in this Congress, Mr. Speaker, be worthy of the sacrifices our men and women in uniform make for us every day. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to begin with, the resolution that is presented before us is 100 percent accurate, and I completely agree with it. We have had uncertain funding for going on almost 8 years now for the Department of Defense. It has been a series of continuing resolutions, two government shutdowns, multiple threatened government shutdowns, and an unbelievable amount of uncertainty. From one month to the next, the Pentagon does not know how much money they have to spend. That uncertainty, without a doubt, has undermined our ability to provide an adequate national security for this country. So I agree with the maker of this motion that budget certainty would help enormously in terms of preparing our national security—well, preparing the men and women in our Armed Forces to face the threats that are in front of us. Beyond that, there was a lot said in the opening remarks there that I don’t quite agree with. Also, it is really important to sort of understand the context. Why are we in this situation? Why do we have budget uncertainty year after year? I don’t agree that it is simple incompetence or Congress just isn’t feeling like doing its job. We have deepseated differences of opinion about where to spend our money, and also, we have no fiscal policy as a country. Well, that is not true, actually. Our fiscal policy is really rather clear. We want a balanced budget; we want tax cuts; and we don’t want to cut spending. Everything you need to know about why we have this problem can be contained in three votes that the United States House of Representatives took over the course of about a 4month period. As I tell you about these three votes, I want you to know that 134 Republican Members of Congress voted for all three of these things. Number one, a roughly $2 trillion tax cut. Number two, a budget deal that increased spending by $500 billion. Some of that was for defense; a lot of it wasn’t. Then, in the ultimate irony, a week later, those 134 Members of Congress, Republican Members of Congress, voted for a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. They want to cut taxes by $2 trillion; they want to increase spending by $500 billion; and they want a balanced budget. And, oh, by the way, we are roughly $22 trillion in debt and running up a deficit that is projected to go up over $1 trillion going forward. That is not a responsible fiscal policy. Now, I serve on the Armed Services Committee with all of my colleagues who are here today, and I hear the same things that Congresswoman CHENEY hears about how our military is suffering under the uncertainty. The readiness crisis is 100 percent real. It is getting better as we have gotten some funding the last couple years, but it is still a major challenge. But the reason for all of that is because of decisions that are made on the front end. You can’t cut taxes by $2 trillion— after, by the way, over the course of the 15 years prior, we had already cut them by multiple trillion dollars—and then stand up and say DOD doesn’t have enough money. You cut revenue and then complained that you don’t have enough revenue. It doesn’t really make sense. The second point that I would make is it is not just the Department of Defense that is suffering under budget uncertainty. There are a whole bunch of different examples. I won’t go into all of them, but the entire discretionary budget suffers under this uncertainty. And one big chunk of the discretionary budget is infrastructure, the bridges and roads and airports and a whole bunch of other things that basically enable our economy to function, which generates revenue and helps pay for things like national security. Also, we have got bridges collapsing all over the country. There are, literally, United States citizens who have died as a result of our lack of investment in infrastructure. So it is not just the Department of Defense. If we are going to address the uncertainty, if we are going to address the problems with dealing with our national security strategy, we have to address fiscal policy. For going on 8 years now, we have been having this conversation in the Armed Services Committee, and most times my Republican colleagues sternly rebuke me for raising issues that are supposedly not directly related to the Armed Services, saying: We are the Armed Services Committee. We are not here to talk about the debt or the deficit or infrastructure or any of that other stuff. Well, it all goes together, and what we as a congressional body have to do is come up with a plan that actually makes sense, that actually there is money for. If we do that, then we can have the stability for the Department of Defense. Now, I will tell you, if we are $22 trillion in debt—and the deficit is projected to be pretty close to $1 trillion this year and quickly north of $1 trillion going forward—we are going to have to deal with that problem or there is not going to be as much money as we’d like for defense or infrastructure or education—or anything, for that matter. So we have to address the fiscal irresponsibility of our budgeting process across the very long period of time, and certainly we can’t keep cutting taxes. Now, as far as what does that National Security Strategy look like, as was described, we face an incredibly complex threat environment. I agree with that. I don’t agree that getting rid of the Iran nuclear deal so that Iran can pursue nuclear weapons with absolutely no inhibition whatsoever is a step forward in the right direction, nor do I agree that sitting down with Kim Jongun and agreeing, basically, to back off of a whole bunch of things and getting nothing in return—I know that, in the President’s mind, North Korea is denuclearized, but they are not. They haven’t taken a single, solitary step in that direction. Lastly, the final point I want to make is the complex threat environment that we face is extraordinarily difficult. I will tell you one thing of which I am 100 percent confident. There is no way that, on our own, the United States of America can confront that threat environment. We need allies. We need friends. We need countries that are willing to work with us to meet the national security threats that we face, which is why the trip that the President just took is so troubling. He spent the first part of it telling our allies, basically—sorry, I can’t say that on the floor—just saying that he didn’t need them, insulting them over and over and over again, allies that we are really going to need to meet the threats not just from Russia, but China, the terrorism threat that was described. Our NATO allies are going to be crucially important to that, and the President, at one point, said he’s not even sure why we are in NATO, insulted the EU and insulted all of our allies, and then turned right around and sided with Vladimir Putin against our intelligence communities, against our Justice Department, on the subject of Russian interference in our election. So, in a complex threat environment, you don’t want to make it easier for a country like Russia that threatens us and make it more difficult for countries ranging from Canada to Germany to Great Britain, who actually want to work with us, to meet that threat environment. So, on that point, we need more allies, and we certainly don’t need to take the side of a dictator who 
is threatening our country over our own intelligence agencies. That is not in the best interest of national security. Overall, we have to have a fiscal policy. We can have the argument about the defense budget all we want, but if we keep cutting taxes and have no policy whatsoever to get our budget even close to under control, we are not going to have the money to spend on our national security needs or other things. Now, I will close it out with this. General Mattis, Secretary Mattis, likes to say, ‘‘We can afford survival.’’ That is a nice phrase. Unfortunately, it is a little bit unclear on what it means because, what do you have to spend to survive? By and large, DOD doesn’t engage in that sort of blackandwhite way of looking at it: We spend this money, we survive; we don’t spend this money, we die. What they do, and what they’ve said over and over again, is they manage risk: If we don’t spend the money here, that increases the risk by this amount. I think that is a better way of looking at it. It is not a matter of whether or not we can afford survival, because we don’t know exactly what China is going to do or Russia or any of these other folks are going to do or how we are going to manage it. It is a matter of managing risk. It is very true that, if we continue to have an uncertain defense budget— heck, I would submit, if we continue to have an uncertain fiscal policy and an uncertain infrastructure budget, we are increasing the risk of our country’s ability not so much to survive but to prosper and live in a peaceful world. So this resolution is fine. It is horribly insufficient to actually give us the certainty and predictability in our budget that we need. To get there, we need to honestly address the fiscal challenges that our Nation faces and come up with a coherent fiscal policy that takes into account all the needs of our country in a balanced and coherent way so that we manage those risks in the best way possible and in the best interests of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and just want to say I enjoy very much the opportunity to serve with my colleague, Mr. SMITH, on the Armed Services Committee, and I appreciate his support for this important resolution. b1430 We disagree on several points. I know that Mr. SMITH knows that the defense budget is not what is driving the debt in this country. I don’t disagree that we need a fiscal policy and that we have got to address our fiscal concerns, but it is also the case that we have the votes, that we have the ability, as we have done in this House and as they could do in the Senate. We saw, in the Senate Appropriations Committee, the Defense Appropriations bill passed out 30–1. So it is a bipartisan bill that we ought to pass. We passed it across this floor. We ought to pass it across the Senate floor. We ought to get it to the President’s desk so that he can sign it, instead of being in a situation where we are holding it hostage to a whole range of other issues and concerns. Mr. SMITH and I do have big disagreements. You know, to talk about somehow that the tax cuts are impacting the Defense budget ignores the history of the fact that the Defense budget was being strangled when Barack Obama was in office. And as far as I know, nobody is accusing President Obama of cutting taxes too much. So the challenge that our military is facing and the challenge of reliable sufficient funding isn’t directly tied to tax policy. I think what we have got to do is decouple these things. If we don’t get the funding for the military right, as Mr. SMITH said—you know, Secretary Mattis has said we can afford survival. Another way to say that is if we don’t get this right, nothing else we do will matter. And the situation is so serious and so significant that if we let ourselves one more time go down the path of holding this funding hostage to other concerns and other issues, basically holding our men and women in uniform hostage, I would submit that we are not doing our job, and we are not fulfilling our constitutional obligation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), my colleague from the Rules Committee and from the Armed Services Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 995. As many of us have stood on this floor and said, We have planes that can’t fly, ships that can’t sail, and troops that can’t deploy. Under the Obama administration, we saw an alarming trend where we allowed our Armed Forces to be hollowed out, and we allowed a critical readiness crisis to develop. Over the last 2 years, members of the House Armed Services Committee and others have fought tirelessly to ensure our military gets the level of funding they need, not only to fix our current readiness crisis but also to build up our force to a size to match the current threat environment, which is the most complex one we have faced since World War II. While I am proud of the work we have done so far to raise the top line Defense number, there is another critical piece to the puzzle. Continuing resolutions are just as detrimental to our national security as the Budget Control Act caps. Every day we don’t pass the Defense Appropriations bill, we are denying resources to our servicemembers and making it harder for them to do their job. Continuing resolutions and budgetary uncertainty also end up costing the taxpayers more money. The Secretary of the Navy has said that the Department of Navy alone wasted $4 billion since 2011 because of continuing resolutions. That is $4 billion of real money that could have been used to fund more ships, more planes, or more maintenance. Under a continuing resolution, the Department of Defense and the services are not allowed to enter into any new contracts. Every year we have delayed the timelines of scheduled maintenance availabilities and procurement schedules. All of these things are crucial to maintain deployment rotation and ensure the U.S. presence is felt around the world. Compare this to your personal finances. For half the year you are able only to pay your current expenses, like car payments and utilities. You know you will get money later in the year for new things you want to buy or invest in; however, you don’t know how much you will get or whether you will get it. Does that sound frustrating and ineffective? We have the world’s greatest military. Yet, we are hamstringing them with an irresponsible funding cycle. Let me put this in very blunt terms. The inability of Congress to pass government funding bills on time has endangered the health, safety, and lives of our servicemembers. Just look at the aviation accidents and recent collisions of Navy ships. These incidents can be blamed, at least in part, on the readiness crisis. As Members of Congress, we have a responsibility here. We are not the ones on the front lines and deployed around the world, but we play an integral role: getting those servicemembers their funding on time. In a time where we face great power competition with Russia and China, radical Islamic extremism in the Middle East, and Iran and North Korea, there is no shortage of national security priorities. Here, in the House, we have passed our Defense funding bill on time yet again, but we need our colleagues in the Senate to follow suit. I know it is a priority for my Alabama colleague, Senate Appropriations Chairman RICHARDSHELBY , to get our military funded, so I hope we can do our job responsibly and on time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, let’s not let petty political games get in the way of funding our Nation’s military, protecting our servicemembers, and ensuring the safety and security of the American people. Let’s pass this resolution and demonstrate our strong commitment to passing a Defense funding bill before the end of the fiscal year. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, just a couple of quick points. The Department of Defense budget is 18 percent of the overall Federal budget, and you would be a pretty bad businessperson if you looked at your books and said that a thing that takes 18 percent of the budget has nothing do with the deficit. It all adds up piece by piece. It absolutely is a big part of what contributes to us having a deficit and a debt, so we cannot ignore what we spend on Defense and how it impacts everything else. Now, you can make that policy decision that, you know, defense is just so much more important than infrastructure or healthcare or education or Social Security or Medicare or whatever, but to say that it doesn’t impact the debt and the deficit is not, well, fiscally accurate. And second, as far as tax cuts are concerned, yes, President Obama cut taxes repeatedly and by way, way too much and contributed to this problem. Most notably was in 2012 with the permanent extension of all of the Bush tax cuts. So, we did that, and then with the stimulus package back in 2009, there was about a $400 billion tax cut. We have repeatedly, in this Congress—and I didn’t vote for any of that. We have repeatedly in this Congress prioritized tax cuts over the men and women who serve in the military. That is what I find so ironic. We hear all these complaints about how we are underfunding the military, the complaints about readiness, and what the gentleman from Alabama said, when he talked about the impact that this is having on the men and women who serve, he is absolutely right. The continuing resolutions are devastating to the way we try to function within the Department of Defense. I will again submit that they are also devastating to every other aspect of our discretionary budget, and that should not be ignored. But to cut taxes by trillions upon trillions of dollars and then look up and say, Gosh, how come we don’t have enough revenue to fund our defense is hypocritical. All I am asking is: Make a choice. If, in fact, we need to spend the amount of money on DOD that you are all saying we are, then let’s raise the revenue and pay for it, okay. That is fine. That is a choice. But to both say, we are going to give away massive tax cuts primarily to the wealthiest people in this country, who, by the way, have been doing quite well for quite some time, and then come up and say, Gosh, it is just so irresponsible that we are not funding defense, that is not consistent and it is not a fiscal policy. And, again, I will come back to the fact that this is all very well and good. I mean, what all these resolutions are saying is if we could just pass the Defense Appropriations bill, then everything would be fine. We have a $4 trillion plus budget. We have multiple layers of problems here. If we do not address the underlying fiscal issues that we are facing that I have described, then the men and women who serve in our military will face the brutal uncertainty that is very accurately described by my Republican colleagues over and over and over again. We have to address the underlying issue, not just come out and make empty statements about how we want to support our men and women in the military after putting in place a budget and a tax policy that makes it next to impossible to do that. We have to deal with the issue up front so that we are in a position to actually provide what my colleagues have said we need to provide. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I appreciate very much my colleague’s support for this important resolution. I look forward to having his support as we go forward on these resolutions that lay out very clearly how important it is to fund our men and women in uniform. He and I have very serious and significant disagreements over tax policy. I believe—I know that the private sector is the engine of growth in this economy; that tax cuts, in fact, generate economic growth, and economic growth generates revenue; that if you really want to deal with the debt in this Nation, then you have got to generate additional revenue. The way to do that is not by taxing people more. It is by letting people keep more of what they earn so they in fact can reinvest so we can see the kind of economic growth we need. But I would say my colleague’s focus on that issue today points out the problem that we have been facing. We face a number of critically important challenges in this body and in the United States Senate, but we have got to ensure that we don’t hold our men and women in uniform hostage while we deal with those other issues. We are, today, not at a time when we have got an international environment that is one in which we can feel safe in our predominance, in which we can feel safe in our ability to continue to project our power. We are in one where the threat to us is growing, and it is significant. When you have got servicemen and women, when you have got service chiefs, when you have got the Secretary of Defense telling us things like: our adversaries have weapons systems we might not be able to defend against, that policies and budget processes and votes that are undertaken in this body are increasing the risk to our men and women in uniform, those are things we have got to pay attention to. And I would say we have an obligation to pay attention to those things that is higher than any other obligation that we have. We have to commit, Mr. Speaker, to fulfilling that constitutional obligation to providing full and on time funding for our troops. And, Mr. Speaker, I would like to close today with something that General Dunford said in his testimony before the House Armed Services Committee earlier this year. He said: ‘‘The Joint Force must continue to receive sufficient, sustained, and predictable funding for the foreseeable future to restore our competitive advantage and ensure we never send our sons and daughters into a fair fight.’’ Every single time we have to deploy our forces, Mr. Speaker, we must ensure that they have everything they need to prevail. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the resolution. I urge a continued focus on completing the Defense funding process on time and getting the bill to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 995. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF THE HOUSE THAT THE UNITED STATES NAVY’S TOTAL READINESS REMAINS IN A PERILOUS STATE Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 998) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Navy’s total readiness remains in a perilous state due to high operational demands, increased deployment lengths, shortened training periods, and deferred maintenance all while the Navy is asked to do more with less as financial support for critical areas waned in the era of sequestration and without consistent Congressional funding. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 998 Whereas Navy readiness could further deteriorate in areas such as training, ship construction, ship repair, and deployability if Congress does not provide stable funding for the Department of Defense; Whereas the USS Fitzgerald, a United States Navy destroyer, collided with a container ship while transiting through Sagami Bay near Japan on June 17, 2017, resulting in the deaths of seven sailors and hundreds of millions of dollars in damage; Whereas the United States Navy’s investigation of the USS Fitzgerald collision concluded that the event was ‘‘avoidable’’ and that numerous failures included failure to plan for safety, failure to adhere to sound navigation practice, failure to execute basic watch standing practices, failure to properly use available navigation tools, and failure to respond deliberately and effectively when in extremis; 
Whereas the USS John S. McCain, a United States Navy destroyer, collided with an oil tanker while transiting through the Straits of Singapore on August 21, 2017, resulting in the deaths of 10 sailors and hundreds of millions of dollars in damage; Whereas the United States Navy’s investigation of the USS John S. McCain collision concluded that the crew suffered from a ‘‘lack of preparation, ineffective command and control, and deficiencies in training and preparations for navigation’’; Whereas the Navy the Nation Needs, the United States Navy’s plan for building and sustaining a lethal, resilient force through balanced investments across readiness, capability, and capacity, explicitly states a need for 355 Battle Force ships, yet the Navy’s 30 year shipbuilding plan peaks at only 342 Battle Force ships in 2039 before a predicted decline; Whereas an efficient and supported industrial base will be vital to building and maintaining a 355 ship Navy; Whereas over the previous 5 decades, 14 defenserelated newconstruction shipyards have closed, 3 have left the defense industry, and only 1 new shipyard has opened; Whereas stable and predictable funding allows for Navy leaders to properly forecast their missions and adhere to the Optimized Fleet Response Plan while also enabling industry partners to prepare for ship repair work at the most competitive prices to the United States Government; Whereas China’s shipbuilding industry, according to a Naval War College professor, is poised to make the People’s Liberation Army Navy the world’s second largest navy by 2020, and, if current trends continue, a combat fleet that in overall order of battle is quantitatively on par with that of the United States Navy by 2030; Whereas China continues to develop forward operating bases on manmade islands in the South China Sea and, by doing so, consolidate its control over the strategic corridor between the Indian and Pacific Oceans through which 
1⁄3of global maritime trade passes; and Whereas Russia’s shipbuilding industry’s focus on undersea warfare has positioned the Russian Navy to add six modernized nuclear attack submarines to its naval inventory by 2023 and aggressively modernize its aging Oscarclass nuclear attack submarine fleet: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) recognizes the United States Navy’s need for congressional support to address readiness, training, and modernization challenges that threaten to weaken naval superiority; and (2) finds that failing to provide the United States Navy with stable, predictable funding negatively affects its ability to project power around the world, reassure critical allies, and defeat adversaries when necessary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the resolution under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN), who is on the Armed Services Committee, to discuss his resolution. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I begin by thanking the gentlewoman from Wyoming for all of her efforts, as well as all of my colleagues for their continued effort to do everything possible to assure the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act and the Defense Appropriations bill prior to the end of the fiscal year. That is key. We have heard testimony about how money is wasted and uncertainty has led us to where we are today. Without that, we must do everything we can to assure passage of both of those bills. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 998, which expresses the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Navy’s total readiness remains in a perilous state due to high operational demands, increased deployment lengths, shortened training periods, and deferred maintenance all while the Navy is asked to do more with less as financial support for critical areas waned in the era of sequestration and without consistent congressional funding. We have heard that laid out. We agree on both sides that this has created the uncertainty that creates the situation we found ourselves in today. I think it is important to define what the term ‘‘Navy total readiness’’ truly means. The Navy conducted an independent Strategic Readiness Review composed of retired Navy admirals, as well as current senior civilian executives in the aftermath of the tragic USS Fitzgerald and USS McCain collisions. This Strategic Readiness Review identified institutional deficiencies that have developed over a long period of time resulting in a weaker Navy. Factors that contribute to total Navy readiness include: the total number of assets—we know them as ships— manning and training, that is, in particular, personnel, in how well they perform their jobs; equipping and maintaining, that means providing sailors gear and maintaining ships; command and control, which means establishing clear lines of leadership and funding; and operations, which is the tempo at which our men and women in uniform execute their missions. b1445 If one or all of these total readiness factors are lacking, the Navy will suffer. Unfortunately, that is the situation we find ourselves in today. But we didn’t arrive here by accident. I believe we have a tendency to respond to the crisis of the day rather than prepare for longterm strategic problems with corresponding solutions. Make no mistake about it, our adversaries are looking in the long term. Don’t think for a moment that China isn’t watching what we are doing and planning for where they will be not next week, not next month, not next year, but 10 years down the road, 20 years down the road, or a century down the road. The same with Russia, North Korea, and Iran. We need to do the same. After the Cold War and the Reagan administration came to an end, our Navy rapidly decreased in size. In the next few decades, funding levels became smaller and smaller. Tough cuts were made. The surface warfare community decreased their level of training, weakening the skills of their officers and reducing their capacity to effectively and safely perform their jobs as ship drivers and warfighters. Ships retired without replacements. Then, a nationwide financial crisis brought upon a shortsighted decision for sequestration, further crippling the Navy’s ability to take care of itself. Meanwhile, threats to the United States and operational tempo have not decreased. This created a situation where the Navy was overworked with too few resources. But our men and women in uniform never complain and never say they can’t accomplish their mission. They have the kind of resolve in doing the things this Nation asks them to do that this Congress should have in our commitment to providing them the resources necessary for them to continue the great job that we ask of them. But at a certain point, we all know we can’t continue to operate this way. Things begin to break down when they aren’t given the resources necessary. When their ships aren’t properly maintained, when training doesn’t take place at scheduled intervals to make sure they maintain that expertise that we need of them, sailors get stressed. When there are simply too many jobs to do and not enough time for people to do them, mistakes happen, costly mistakes. We won’t be able to reverse this trend immediately, but we can continue to make targeted, strategic investments in assets, training, and manpower to improve the Navy’s readiness. I am proud of the work that Congress has done in recent years, in particular, this year’s National Defense Authorization Act. The Housepassed NDAA adds a total of 13 battle force ships to the Navy’s inventory, makes critical investments in ship maintenance accounts to take care of the ships we already have, and takes strong action in regard to surface warfare officer training and command and control structures within the Navy. In consultation with our Senate counterparts, I am confident that we will deliver a bill that supports the Navy’s rebuilding efforts and the drive and the objective of a 355ship Navy. We cannot be complacent. Yes, we have the best Navy in the world, but we can be better. Our sailors and marines are the best on the face of the Earth, and they do a spectacular job, folks. But until they can walk on water, 
which someday they may be able to do, until they can walk on water, then we must continue to build them ships. It is imperative that this Congress supports the United States Navy financially and authoritatively in a manner that allows for reassuring our allies, maintaining global presence, and defeating adversaries when necessary. We must give our sailors and our marines the tools they need to succeed in an atmosphere and an environment that is even more challenging than it has ever been in the era of great power competition where we know that our allies are committing to not just countering the United States, but defeating the United States strategically. We must do nothing less than fully support our NavyMarine Corps team, giving them what they need not just for today, not just for next year, not just for within our purview of what this Congress has to do, but for years to come, for decades to come, and for centuries to come. For it is only with that, that we will be able to counter what our adversaries are doing every second of every day, and that is finding ways to defeat the United States strategically. We must do nothing less than the same. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s motion. It is part of the same discussion we had on the previous resolution, and I, as I said, completely agree. The lack of certainty on the continuing resolutions has negatively impacted the Department of Defense and our readiness. There is absolutely no question about it. The only thing I would debate today is: What is the best way to address that problem? How do we honestly get at it? These resolutions would suggest that if we simply fund defense and ignore everything else, then we will be fine. I think the way we got into this mess is instructive, and it is also going to be helpful in terms of how we get out of this mess going forward. It is worth noting, at the end of this, we talked a little bit about tax cuts and how one thing doesn’t have to do with the other. Tax cuts do not increase revenue. If they did, we would have the easiest job in the world. Also, a tax rate of zero would generate the most revenue for the United States Government. Obviously, that is not true. Now, it is true that tax policy, depending on how it is structured, can be more encouraging to investment. But we have never had lower tax rates on the Federal level than we have right now. After all of the Bush tax cuts, as I mentioned the tax cuts under President Obama, and now the tax cuts under President Trump, all of that has added up to a massive decrease in our revenue, and that is part of the equation. When President Bush put the tax cuts in place in 2001, for three consecutive fiscal years after that, we had a real dollar decrease in the amount of revenue that the Federal Government took in. Now, I also understand that taxes are always a burden on the people who have to pay them. If we are running government well, we are going to try to keep those taxes as low as is humanly possible. But if we are going to meet the needs of government, we have to raise revenue. What we have heard today is a very, very compelling case for how, over the course of the last decade, we haven’t met the needs of readiness within the Department of Defense. So, again, I simply urge us to make a choice here. If we want to cover these costs, then let’s raise the revenue and pay for it, and not pretend with this fantasy that somehow cutting the amount of revenue you take in is going to increase the amount of revenue you are going to take in. It doesn’t work that way, and it certainly doesn’t work in the current economic environment. The second thing I would say is, while national security is critically important, it is not the only thing we do that is important. And that is the other thing that worries me about this debate. We massively slash revenue so we have less money to play around with, then we make the case for why we need to massively increase our defense budget, and everything else that the Federal Government does just sort of drifts away as an afterthought. There are a lot of examples of this. I used infrastructure in the previous debate, and I will use a different example this time, the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. It is not in my district, but it is just across the street from my district in Seattle, Washington. It is doing incredible work right now on cancer. They are literally this close to, in some cases, curing it. They have come up with a new way for dealing with blood cancers—taking the white blood cells out of the body, reenergizing them, and putting them back in—that has achieved truly miraculous results. Fred Hutch gets an overwhelming amount of their funding from the National Institutes of Health, from the Federal Government. The budget that President Trump originally proposed last year would have cut funding for Fred Hutch by 75 percent. So while we are caring about national security, I think we also have to care about, well, curing cancer. It is not irrelevant. It actually saves lives and makes a difference. Lastly, I do, as I said earlier, worry about a view of the world that says, basically, the entire world is out to get us and we have to spend as much money as is humanly possible here in the United States to defend ourselves. We face threats. There is no question about that. We need a National Security Strategy and a national security budget to meet those threats. But in order to really create a safer and more prosperous world, we need to build alliances so that we are threatened by fewer people and so that we have more friends who will help us deter those who do threaten us. This is a point that Ms. CHENEY made that I completely agree with. Deterrence is incredibly important. In a place like North Korea, will Kim Jungun attack South Korea? Or will Iran attack? If they feel like they face a credible deterrent, they won’t, and the U.S. needs to be part of that. But our allies need to be part of that as well. Here, Russia is a great example. If Russia feels that NATO is weak, they will be emboldened. We already are seeing what they are doing in Ukraine. Estonia, Latvia, and other countries in Eastern Europe feel threatened by Russia. They need to know that the United States stands with our allies in Europe in order to deter that aggression and stop the war before it happens. That does not all fall on the United States defense budget. It falls on us having friends and allies who can back up our credible deterrence. Lastly, I just close by saying that we certainly face the threats we face. It is worth noting that we still, in the United States, spend way more money every year on defense than any of our adversaries, than any other country in the world. So it is not just a matter of money; it is a matter of having a smart strategy and spending that money well. I am pleased that—knock on wood— this is supposed to be the first year in forever that the Department of Defense will actually have a full audit of where they spend their money. But making sure the money that is spent is spent efficiently and effectively is also part of having an adequate national security budget. So I worry that, basically, we say, look, all we have to do is spend as much money as the Pentagon wants and everything will be fine. I think it is a lot more complicated question than that. Again, it comes back to having a sound fiscal policy and a sound national security policy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr. SMITH, is worried about a lot of things that really just aren’t the case over here on this side of the aisle. I agree with Mr. SMITH that weakness is provocative. We certainly need look no further than the Obama administration to see what happens when the United States is weak, to see what happens when the United States abandons its longstanding allies in the Middle East, including Israel, in order to provide funding and a pathway to nuclear weapons for the Iranians. We see what happened again and again and again. We saw what happened when the Obama administration, President Obama, decided to pull troops out of 
Iraq based on a timeline that he established in Washington, D.C., with no regard to the facts on the ground. We saw what happened. What happened was the rise of ISIS. So the problem that we have is, in order to deter, we have to make sure people understand that we are strong. We have lived through 8 years in the previous administration of apologies and weakness, and President Trump is turning that around. President Trump is making clear that people understand that no longer will that be the case, and that we, in fact, are going to be a Nation that stands up for what we believe in. I think it is also very educational, Mr. Speaker, to think about this debate we are having here today, this discussion, and to think about what it sounds like to men and women who are serving overseas and to their family members. What we are supposed to be discussing here and debating here is a resolution that expresses a sense of this body that the United States Navy has been hurt extensively by the lack of predictable funding. Instead, what we are getting is a lot of discussion and conversation about a whole bunch of other things that I am more than happy to debate. Mr. SMITH and I clearly have very different opinions about the economy and about what you have to do to generate economic growth in this economy. But that is not this resolution. I think we have the opportunity here, on a bipartisan basis, once and for all, to show that we are in a position where we are going to provide the kind of support that our men and women in uniform need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting, and I agree, that the fundamental point is that we need to make sure that we adequately provide for, in this case, what the resolution is focused on, the Navy and the Marine Corps. As I have agreed throughout, adequate readiness for them is incredibly important. The CRs and the budget fiasco that we have had have not provided that. b1500 What I am trying to do is, rather than just an empty resolution that says, gosh, it would be great if we actually looked after you, to talk about the policy steps that are going to be necessary to actually do that. So I think that is an incredibly important part of this debate. Now, we can have every resolution all day long saying we want to cure cancer, we want to bring peace to the world. That is great. But what are the steps that are going to be necessary, in this case, to get to the point where the Navy and Marine Corps has the adequate funds that they need, or at least has predictability for what they are going to be able to do, because we have been having these discussions about how, gosh, we ought to do this, and then we don’t. I am trying to explain to the people who serve in the military and everybody else exactly why we don’t; instead of just giving them empty promises saying we would really like to help you, it just seems like year after year, somehow we don’t. We don’t, for all of the reasons that I have listed in terms of fiscal policy going forward. The other thing that I would like to point out is, Obama is no longer President. Donald Trump is President. And it seems to me like the one thing the Republican Party would want to do, they would love to have Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama to kick around for, like, ever. But you are actually in charge now; so why don’t you be responsible for the policies that we have right now. And I just, I couldn’t believe that I heard the Representative from Wyoming say that America is now projecting strength. If there was ever an example of the President of the United States projecting the most embarrassing, abject weakness I have ever seen than what President Trump just did with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, I can’t think of it. And quite frankly, a number of Republican commentators that I have seen talk over the last 24 hours can’t think of it either. So I know it is incredibly comforting, from a policy perspective, to blame everything, absolutely everything, that has gone wrong in the world on President Obama, but he is not in charge anymore. Donald Trump is in charge. The Republican Party is in charge of the House and the Senate, and it is time to focus on policies that are going to move us forward and advance our interests; and not just feel comfort in the fact that we can sort of rewrite history and blame President Obama for absolutely everything that has gone wrong. It is a big, complicated, and difficult world for President Trump. It was for President Obama. We need to work together. We need to find ways to confront the challenges we face in a thoughtful way. Simply blaming the past president for absolutely everything isn’t going to get us there. So, again, let me just conclude by saying I completely agree. The issue that needs to be addressed is to make sure that we have adequate readiness for all of the men and women who serve in the military. We are only talking about the Navy and Marine Corps. As I think the gentlewoman said, we are going to talk about the Air Force and the Army next week. I think we should talk about all of them at the same time, because it is all equally important. But to get there, we need to have a strategy that is actually sustainable, instead of one that is based on hope. And to my mind, that is the worst thing that we can do to the men and women who serve in the military is say we want you to do all of this, and we don’t really have the funds to do it, so you are going to have to figure it out as you go. It would be far, far better to say, look, here is, realistically, where our budget is at. Here is, realistically, what we can do. Give them that task, and then they will be trained and equipped to do it, instead of being asked to do more than we are willing to provide money for. And it is one thing if this was just 1 year. It is one thing if we had a surplus. But we don’t. We have the budget environment that we have. So if we are going to get to the point where we adequately address readiness and address the issues that are being raised, then we need to be realistic about what we can do and, like I said, not keep blaming past administrations for things; actually try to implement policy right now that is going to make sure that we have the strongest national security policy we can, and that, again, the men and women who serve in the military, at a minimum, are trained and equipped to do the missions that we are asking them to do; that we don’t ask them to do missions that go beyond the funds that we provide for them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. These resolutions do lay out the steps necessary. These resolutions make clear that the House has done its business, has done its work; we need the Senate to do its work, and we need to get these bills to the President’s desk. As I recall, Mr. Speaker, the only person that had hope as a policy was Barack Obama, and my colleague is right, that he is no longer—President Obama is no longer in the Oval Office. However, the damage that his policies did are so devastating and so longlasting that we are having to dig out from under it. That is why we are here today. We are here today because not only have continuing resolutions hurt the Department of Defense, the policies of the last 8 years have created a situation, geopolitically and militarily, where the work that we have got to do to undo those very illguided policies is significant and requires the kind of funding that we are talking about. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) to close. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming, again, for all of her efforts today to highlight this important issue about the commitment this Nation has to make to our military to make sure we rebuild this lost readiness, and H. Res. 998 is purely simply about that. Are we willing to state our commitment to our sailors and Marines about what we must do as a Nation to provide the resources that they need to do the job that we ask them to do? 
Are we willing to send a message to them that says, we are committed to standing by them for everything that has to happen to provide certainty to them so they know what their future holds? Are we willing to send a message to our adversaries to say that this Nation is committed to rebuild our Navy and Marine Corps team to make sure that they are a force to be reckoned with anytime an adversary of ours may think of acting badly around the world; that that Navy and Marine Corps team will be there. That is what this resolution is about. It is also sending a message to every one of our constituents; is this Congress committed to the right policies to making the commitment of resources to make sure that our Navy and Marine Corps team has what they need? That is another important part of this message. And will we, as a nation, assure that in the longterm we are committed to countering what our adversaries are doing? And we see that. We see that in scores. Whether it is something like submarines, where we are on path, by 2029, to be down to 42 total attack submarines, the most requested asset in the entire United States inventory. We are down to 42 submarines in 2029. China, by 2020, will have 70 submarines, total attack submarines and ballistic missile submarines, building five to six per year, so that by 2029, when we are at 42 submarines, attack submarines, and on the way to rebuilding Ohioclass submarines, the Chinese could be as high as 124 submarines. Now, quantity has a quality all of its own. This resolution today says, are we going to make the commitment to make sure that we can counter those adversaries? Are we going to be able to tell our children and our grandchildren that when we had the chance we made the commitment? We made the commitment to our sailors, to our Marines, and as we will next week, to our soldiers and our airmen, and subsequently our Coast Guardsmen, to make sure that they have what they need, that this Nation makes the commitment to assure that we have the future of our Nation’s defense well in hand. That is what today is about. I ask my colleagues to join me to make sure that we are willing to make this simple commitment. While it may be in words, those words will speak volumes to our sailors, to our Marines, to our citizens, and to our adversaries, that this Nation has an unshakable resolve to make sure that we have what we need to counter the threats abroad, and to counter anybody that thinks of threatening the United States, or our friends, or our allies, or would want to act badly. Today’s resolution is all about that, not just for today, but for decades to come. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BARTON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 998. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF THE HOUSE THAT THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS BUDGETARY UNCERTAINTY ERODES MILITARY READINESS Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 994) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Marine Corps faces significant readiness challenges and that budgetary uncertainty impedes the Corps’ ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national security at risk. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 994 Whereas since fiscal year 2010, United States Marine Corps active duty end strength has shrunk by 8 percent from 202,100 to 186,000; Whereas, on March 1, 2016, Marine Corps Commandant Robert Neller stated, ‘‘The fiscal reductions and instability of the past few years have impacted our readiness. As resources have diminished, the Marine Corps has protected the nearterm operational readiness of its deployed and nexttodeploy units in order to meet operational commitments. This has come at a risk’’; Whereas, on February 26, 2015, now Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph F. Dunford stated, ‘‘[a]pproximately half of our nondeployed units—and those are the ones that provide the bench to respond to unforeseen contingencies—are suffering personnel, equipment and training shortfalls’’; Whereas, on February 8, 2017, Assistant Commandant Glenn Walters stated, ‘‘A focus on [ongoing] operations, the decrease in funding levels from Fiscal Year (FY) 2012, fiscal instability and the lack of an interwar period have left your Marine Corps insufficiently manned, trained and equipped across the depth of the force to operate in an evolving operational environment’’; Whereas the Marine Corps’ Assault Amphibious Vehicle (AAV–7A1) and Light Armored Vehicle (LAV) average over 40 and 26 years old, respectively; Whereas the Marine Corps has a stated requirement for 38 amphibious ships to support the operations of 2 Marine Expeditionary Brigades, but the amphibious fleet numbers only 32 ships today; Whereas former Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Jonathan Greenert testified on March 12, 2014, that, ‘‘[t]oday, in the world that we live in, the world that the Navy and Marine Corps lives in, and the future, we probably need 50 [amphibious ships]’’; Whereas, on April 5, 2017, Marine Corps leaders testified that, ‘‘The most dire readiness situation lies within our Aviation element. An unhealthy percentage of our aviation units lack the minimum number of ready basic aircraft (RBA) for training, and we are significantly short ready aircraft for wartime requirements. We simply do not have the available aircraft to meet our squadrons’ requirements’’; Whereas during parts of 2016, only 43 percent of the Marine Corps’ total aviation fleet was available for operational employment, including less than 1⁄3of its F/A–18 Hornets; Whereas from fiscal year 2013 through fiscal year 2017, Marine Corps aviation accidents increased by 80 percent from 56 to 101 per year; Whereas between 2011 and 2017, aviation accidents killed more than 60 Marines, including 19 over a 2month period in 2017; and Whereas, on March 10, 2017, Deputy Commandant Gary L. Thomas stated, ‘‘Unstable fiscal environments prevent the deliberately planned, sustained effort needed to recover current readiness of our legacy equipment in the near term, and to modernize in the longer term . . . We must work to avoid a budgetdriven strategy and return to a strategydriven budget, informed by the strategic requirements of the current and future operating environments. Unless we do so, the range of options we have to address current and future threats will further erode’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) recognizes that the United States Marine Corps faces significant readiness challenges, as well as shortfalls in end strength and delayed modernization; (2) finds that failing to provide the Marine Corps with stable, robust, and ontime funding impedes its ability to meet ongoing and unexpected security threats, putting United States national security at risk; and (3) commits to enhancing the Marine Corps’ ability to meet our Nation’s threats ‘‘In the air, on land, and sea’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wyoming. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the resolution under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLA GHER ), my colleague on the Armed Services Committee, to discuss his resolution. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend from Wyoming for yielding the time but, more importantly, for her leadership in this effort to highlight the devastating impacts when we fail to provide full, ontime, and robust funding to our military. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 994, which would recognize the significant readiness challenges facing the United States Marine Corps, and warn that budgetary uncertainty is undermining the ability of our Marines to do their vital work day 
in and day out in defense of this Nation. Since fiscal year 2010, the Active Duty Marine Corps has shrunk by 8 percent. Thanks to the work of this House, that figure is finally trending in the other direction, but there is still much more work to be done, all of which requires stable, robust, and on time funding. Seven years after the Budget Control Act we are still digging out from holes we dug ourselves. In hearing after hearing, we have heard military leaders make clear that they will face increased risk due to continuing resolutions and years of accumulated defense cuts. It can be all too easy to wave off these warnings. After all, our military and Marine Corps, in particular, has a ‘‘cando spirit’’ that is second to none. But increased risk isn’t just an abstract notion. It can have very real consequences. The more than 60 Marines who have perished in marine aviation accidents since 2011 are a tragic reminder of what increased risk looks like in practice. The new national security and national defense strategies marked sea changes in American security policy. With the new guidance that great power competition, and not terrorism, is the primary challenge to American national security policy. There is still much work to be done to ensure that the Marine Corps, along with the rest of the military, is best positioned to compete for the longterm. From contested entry to dispersed operations from austere locations to contingency response, the Marine Corps is facing great challenges and opportunities. The obstacles are many as increasingly capable adversaries are forcing the Marine Corps to reconsider longheld assumptions about amphibious landings and its ability to operate close to shore. In the face of these challenges, the Corps will have to do what it does best, innovate, and come up with new solutions to execute timeless missions. Ultimately, however, I am optimistic; not just because I was privileged to serve 7 years in the Marine Corps, and I know the quality of the men and women who continue to serve, but because of many other factors, including the simple geography of the IndoPacific, which is tailormade for the United States Marine Corps. As former adversaries learned on the islands of Guadalcanal, New Guinea, and Tarawa, the absolute last place on Earth you want to be is between a Marine and his objective. In the long run however, the only thing that can stop the Marine Corps is this body’s failure to do its job. If we fail to provide ontime, adequate, or predictable funding, we will undermine our Marine Corps’ ability to get the job done. This resolution takes a small step to recognize these challenges and commit to doing better. We owe our beloved Marine Corps nothing less. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have had the broader debate, so let me just say very quickly I agree with the resolution brought forward by Congressman GALLAGHER ; that the budget uncertainty definitely impacts readiness and impacts the ability of Marines, in fact, the entire Department of Defense to fight adequately. I do believe, as I have said earlier, that we need to get at the underlying fiscal issues that have created that, taking us all the way back to the Budget Control Act and why it was passed in 2011 in the first place. We need to get at a fiscal policy in this country so that we can adequately and predictably fund, certainly the Department of Defense, certainly the Marine Corps, but I would say the entire Federal budget in a way that puts us in a much stronger position as a country. Mr. Speaker, I support the resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1515 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking both my colleagues, Mr. WITTMAN from Virginia, Mr. G ALLA GHER from Wisconsin, and all of the folks on the Armed Services Committee, Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member SMITH, as well as the folks on the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, led by Chairwoman KAY GRANGER , for their tremendous work on these crucially important issues. I think that, again, Mr. SMITH has highlighted, really, the crux of this issue, and the crux of this issue is whether or not we as a body are going to recognize that we have the ability here and what we do here will determine whether or not we provide the support and the resources our troops need or whether we increase the risk they face. When we are facing a situation where we have had more servicemembers die in training accidents than in combat in the last year, that is an unacceptable and indefensible situation. Mr. Speaker, on this particular resolution, I want to thank my colleague from Wisconsin for introducing this resolution. As a marine, he understands better than most how what we do in this body impacts our men and women in uniform. H. Res. 994 highlights the vast readiness impacts we have seen in the Marine Corps over the past 9 years of continuing resolutions, sequestration, and overall budget dysfunction. We do not want to be in a position, Mr. Speaker, where the Marines are forced to continue to use aging or outdated equipment, or they don’t have the funds necessary to receive the training they require to undo this readiness crisis, or they don’t have the flexibility they need to respond to the fact that we have got an absolutely changing world of warfare. They need agility to do that, and that requires funds from this body. As my colleagues have said, we have made great progress. Over the past year, we have increased the defense spending caps for fiscal year 2018 and 2019, and we have agreed to fund the Department of Defense at $700 billion for fiscal year 2018. Mr. Speaker, we have got to get that done now for fiscal year 2019. The readiness crisis was not created in a single year, and it will take many years of effort to be able to address it. The bill that we considered in the House just a few weeks ago passed with over 300 bipartisan votes. I would hope, Mr. Speaker, that we can now, today, commit all of ourselves as a body and urge our colleagues on the other side of this building to ensure that the work that we do is worthy of the men and women in uniform who protect all of us, to ensure that we stay on track to get this bill passed by the Senate and to the President’s desk before the end of the fiscal year. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ) to close. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I quite agree with the sentiment expressed by my colleague, Mr. SMITH, that we do need to look at the overall budget picture. I think what has changed in that picture over time has been the amount of the budget consumed by mandatory spending, which is a very difficult problem. I concede that it is going to require men and women of good faith on both sides of the aisle to come together and have, if nothing else, an honest debate. The argument was also made that we spend more on defense than a large number of our competitors and our allies, combined, in many cases. I hear that a lot. That is true. It is also not that helpful of a statistic, as it ignores both the size of our economy, the relative size of our economy, as well as the unique nature of our global commitments. A more useful matrix of perhaps what we are spending as a percentage of GDP, we are still spending below the postWorld War II average on defense as a percentage of GDP. For example, during the 1950s, 8 years of peace and prosperity, we were spending closer to 10 percent of our GDP on defense. So I just think we need to be careful when we throw around different terms like this. And I welcome that debate. It is one we definitely need to have. I just would close by saying our Marines put their lives on the line on a daily basis. When we go to war, we cannot guarantee that everyone will come home safely, and the Marines know that. They gladly put their lives on the line. They take the risk, and they ride to the sound of the guns regardless. But I do think that we need to look at what we have the power to affect, and what we have the power to affect 
here as Members of Congress, regardless, actually, of who is in the White House, what we have the obligation to affect is to guarantee that we will never send our servicemembers into an unfair fight, that we will provide them with the training, the equipment, and the numbers they need to run up the score on the enemy with decisive and overwhelming force. Mr. Speaker, that is what this resolution is about, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 994. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JOBS AND INVESTOR CONFIDENCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 488) to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 488 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS Sec. 101. Definition of angel investor group. Sec. 102. Clarification of general solicitation. TITLE II—CREDIT ACCESS AND INCLUSION Sec. 201. Positive credit reporting permitted. TITLE III—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKERAGE SIMPLIFICATION Sec. 301. Registration exemption for merger and acquisition brokers. Sec. 302. Effective date. TITLE IV—FAIR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES FOR PROFESSIONAL EXPERTS Sec. 401. Definition of accredited investor. TITLE V—FOSTERING INNOVATION Sec. 501. Temporary exemption for lowrevenue issuers. TITLE VI—END BANKING FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKERS Sec. 601. Increasing the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking. Sec. 602. Coordination of human trafficking issues by the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. Sec. 603. Additional reporting requirement under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Sec. 604. Minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking. TITLE VII—INVESTING IN MAIN STREET Sec. 701. Investment in small business investment companies. TITLE VIII—EXCHANGE REGULATORY IMPROVEMENT Sec. 801. Findings. Sec. 802. Facility defined. TITLE IX—ENCOURAGING PUBLIC OFFERINGS Sec. 901. Expanding testing the waters and confidential submissions. TITLE X—FAMILY OFFICE TECHNICAL CORRECTION Sec. 1001. Accredited investor clarification. TITLE XI—EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR RURAL JOB CREATORS Sec. 1101. Access to capital for ruralarea small businesses. TITLE XII—FINANCIAL INSTITUTION LIVING WILL IMPROVEMENT Sec. 1201. Living will reforms. TITLE XIII—PREVENTION OF PRIVATE INFORMATION DISSEMINATION Sec. 1301. Criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures. TITLE XIV—INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE STANDARDS Sec. 1401. Short title. Sec. 1402. Congressional findings. Sec. 1403. Requirement that insurance standards reflect United States policy. Sec. 1404. State insurance regulator involvement in international standard setting. Sec. 1405. Consultation with Congress. Sec. 1406. Report to Congress on international insurance agreements. Sec. 1407. Covered agreements. Sec. 1408. Inapplicability to trade agreements. TITLE XV—ALLEVIATING STRESS TEST BURDENS TO HELP INVESTORS Sec. 1501. Stress test relief for nonbanks. TITLE XVI—NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATING THE FINANCING OF TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATIONS Sec. 1601. National strategy. Sec. 1602. Contents of national strategy. Sec. 1603. Definitions. TITLE XVII—COMMON SENSE CREDIT UNION CAPITAL RELIEF Sec. 1701. Delay in effective date. TITLE XVIII—OPTIONS MARKETS STABILITY Sec. 1801. Rulemaking. Sec. 1802. Report to Congress. TITLE XIX—COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND WATCH Sec. 1901. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters. TITLE XX—MAIN STREET GROWTH Sec. 2001. Venture exchanges. TITLE XXI—BUILDING UP INDEPENDENT LIVES AND DREAMS Sec. 2101. Mortgage loan transaction disclosure requirements. TITLE XXII—MODERNIZING DISCLOSURES FOR INVESTORS Sec. 2201. Form 10–Q analysis. TITLE XXIII—FIGHT ILLICIT NETWORKS AND DETECT TRAFFICKING Sec. 2301. Findings. Sec. 2302. GAO Study. TITLE XXIV—IMPROVING INVESTMENT RESEARCH FOR SMALL AND EMERGING ISSUERS Sec. 2401. Research study. TITLE XXV—DEVELOPING AND EMPOWERING OUR ASPIRING LEADERS Sec. 2501. Definitions. TITLE XXVI—EXPANDING INVESTMENT IN SMALL BUSINESSES Sec. 2601. SEC study. TITLE XXVII—PROMOTING TRANSPARENT STANDARDS FOR CORPORATE INSIDERS Sec. 2701. SEC study. TITLE XXVIII—INVESTMENT ADVISER REGULATORY FLEXIBILITY IMPROVEMENT Sec. 2801. Definition of small business of small organization. TITLE XXIX—ENHANCING MULTICLASS SHARE DISCLOSURES Sec. 2901. Disclosure Relating to MultiClass Share Structures. TITLE XXX—NATIONAL SENIOR INVESTOR INITIATIVE Sec. 3001. Senior Investor Taskforce. Sec. 3002. GAO study. TITLE XXXI—MIDDLE MARKET IPO UNDERWRITING COST Sec. 3101. Study on IPO fees. TITLE XXXII—CROWDFUNDING AMENDMENTS Sec. 3201. Crowdfunding vehicles. Sec. 3202. Crowdfunding exemption from registration. TITLE I—HELPING ANGELS LEAD OUR STARTUPS 
As used in this title, the term ‘‘angel investor group’’ means any group that— (1) is composed of accredited investors interested in investing personal capital in earlystage companies; (2) holds regular meetings and has defined processes and procedures for making investment decisions, either individually or among the membership of the group as a whole; and (3) is neither associated nor affiliated with brokers, dealers, or investment advisers. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise Regulation D of its rules (17 C.F.R. 230.500 et seq.) to require that in carrying out the prohibition against general solicitation or general advertising contained in section 230.502(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, the prohibition shall not apply to a presentation or other communication made by or on behalf of an issuer which is made at an event— (1) sponsored by— (A) the United States or any territory thereof, by the District of Columbia, by any State, by a political subdivision of any State or territory, or by any agency or public instrumentality of any of the foregoing; (B) a college, university, or other institution of higher education; (C) a nonprofit organization; (D) an angel investor group; (E) a venture forum, venture capital association, or trade association; or (F) any other group, person or entity as the Securities and Exchange Commission may determine by rule; (2) where any advertising for the event does not reference any specific offering of securities by the issuer; (3) the sponsor of which— 
(A) does not make investment recommendations or provide investment advice to event attendees; (B) does not engage in an active role in any investment negotiations between the issuer and investors attending the event; (C) does not charge event attendees any fees other than administrative fees; (D) does not receive any compensation for making introductions between investors attending the event and issuers, or for investment negotiations between such parties; (E) makes readily available to attendees a disclosure not longer than 1 page in length, as prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, describing the nature of the event and the risks of investing in the issuers presenting at the event; and (F) does not receive any compensation with respect to such event that would require registration of the sponsor as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; and (4) where no specific information regarding an offering of securities by the issuer is communicated or distributed by or on behalf of the issuer, other than— (A) that the issuer is in the process of offering securities or planning to offer securities; (B) the type and amount of securities being offered; (C) the amount of securities being offered that have already been subscribed for; and (D) the intended use of proceeds of the offering. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (a) may only be construed as requiring the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend the requirements of Regulation D with respect to presentations and communications, and not with respect to purchases or sales. (c) NOPREEXISTING SUBSTANTIVE RELATIONSHIP BY REASON OF EVENT .—Attendance at an event described under subsection (a) shall not qualify, by itself, as establishing a preexisting substantive relationship between an issuer and a purchaser, for purposes of Rule 506(b). (d) DEFINITION OF ISSUER .—For purposes of this section and the revision of rules required under this section, the term ‘‘issuer’’ means an issuer that is a business, is not in bankruptcy or receivership, is not an investment company, and is not a blank check, blind pool, or shell company. TITLE II—CREDIT ACCESS AND INCLUSION 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) FULLFILECREDIT REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to the limitations in paragraphs (2) through (4) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, a person or the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may furnish to a consumer reporting agency information relating to the performance of a consumer in making payments— ‘‘(A) under a lease agreement with respect to a dwelling, including such a lease in which the Department of Housing and Urban Development provides subsidized payments for occupancy in a dwelling; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommunications service. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—Information about a consumer’s usage of any utility services provided by a utility or telecommunication firm may be furnished to a consumer reporting agency only to the extent that such information relates to payment by the consumer for the services of such utility or telecommunication service or other terms of the provision of the services to the consumer, including any deposit, discount, or conditions for interruption or termination of the services. ‘‘(3) PAYMENT PLAN .—An energy utility firm, telephone company, or wireless provider may not report payment information to a consumer reporting agency with respect to an outstanding balance of a consumer as late if— ‘‘(A) the energy utility firm, telephone company, or wireless provider and the consumer have entered into a payment plan (including a deferred payment agreement, an arrearage management program, or a debt forgiveness program) with respect to such outstanding balance; and ‘‘(B) the consumer is meeting the obligations of the payment plan, as determined by the energy utility firm, telephone company, or wireless provider. ‘‘(4) RELATION TO STATE LAW .—Notwith standing section 625, this subsection shall not preempt any law of a State with respect to furnishing to a consumer reporting agency information relating to the performance of a consumer in making payments pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommunications service. ‘‘(5) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) ENERGY UTILITY FIRM .—The term ‘energy utility firm’ means an entity that provides gas or electric utility services to the public. ‘‘(B) UTILITY OR TELECOMMUNICATION  
FIRM.—The term ‘utility or telecommunication firm’ means an entity that provides utility services to the public through pipe, wire, landline, wireless, cable, or other connected facilities, or radio, electronic, or similar transmission (including the extension of such facilities).’’. (b) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Section 623(c) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) subsection (f) of this section, including any regulations issued thereunder; or’’. (c) HUD RULEMAKING .—Not later than the end of the 8month period following the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall issue regulations directing public housing agencies to develop procedures and capacity to— (1) ensure the complete and accurate reporting of data regarding tenants of public housing and families assisted under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f) when furnishing information to a consumer reporting agency pursuant to section 623(f) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act; and (2) handle complaints with respect to such reporting. (d) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date that final rules are issued pursuant to subsection (c), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the impact of furnishing information pursuant to subsection (f) of section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) (as added by this section) on consumers. (e) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment by subsection (a) shall not apply to a consumer in connection with a lease in which the Department of Housing and Urban Development provides subsidized payments for occupancy in a dwelling until the date on which final rules are issued pursuant to subsection (c). TITLE III—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKERAGE SIMPLIFICATION SEC. 301. REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER AND ACQUISITION BROKERS. 
Section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER  
AND ACQUISITION BROKERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an M&A broker shall be exempt from registration under this section. ‘‘(B) EXCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker does any of the following: ‘‘(i) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or securities to be exchanged by the parties to the transaction. ‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a public offering of any class of securities that is registered, or is required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the issuer files, or is required to file, periodic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(iii) Engages on behalf of any party in a transaction involving a shell company, other than a business combination related shell company. ‘‘(iv) Directly, or indirectly through any of its affiliates, provides financing related to the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company. ‘‘(v) Assists any party to obtain financing from an unaffiliated third party without— ‘‘(I) complying with all other applicable laws in connection with such assistance, including, if applicable, Regulation T (12 C.F.R. 220 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) disclosing any compensation in writing to the party. ‘‘(vi) Represents both the buyer and the seller in the same transaction without providing clear written disclosure as to the parties the broker represents and obtaining written consent from both parties to the joint representation. ‘‘(vii) Facilitates a transaction with a group of buyers formed with the assistance of the M&A broker to acquire the eligible privately held company. ‘‘(viii) Engages in a transaction involving the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company to a passive buyer or group of passive buyers. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a buyer that is actively involved in managing the acquired company is not a passive buyer, regardless of whether such buyer is itself owned by passive beneficial owners. ‘‘(ix) Binds a party to a transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company. ‘‘(C) DISQUALIFICATIONS .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker is subject to— ‘‘(i) suspension or revocation of registration under paragraph (4); ‘‘(ii) a statutory disqualification described in section 3(a)(39); ‘‘(iii) a disqualification under the rules adopted by the Commission under section 926 of the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 77d note); or ‘‘(iv) a final order described in paragraph (4)(H). ‘‘(D) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any person, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any 
provision of any rule or regulation thereunder. ‘‘(E) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) BUSINESS COMBINATION RELATED SHELL  
COMPANY .—The term ‘business combination related shell company’ means a shell company that is formed by an entity that is not a shell company— ‘‘(I) solely for the purpose of changing the corporate domicile of that entity solely within the United States; or ‘‘(II) solely for the purpose of completing a business combination transaction (as defined under section 230.165(f) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) among one or more entities other than the company itself, none of which is a shell company. ‘‘(ii) CONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of a company, whether through ownership of securities, by contract, or otherwise. There is a presumption of control for any person who— ‘‘(I) is a director, general partner, member or manager of a limited liability company, or corporate officer of a corporation or limited liability company, and exercises executive responsibility (or has similar status or functions); ‘‘(II) has the right to vote 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or ‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 25 percent or more of the capital. ‘‘(iii) ELIGIBLE PRIVATELY HELD COMPANY .— The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a privately held company that meets both of the following conditions: ‘‘(I) The company does not have any class of securities registered, or required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the company files, or is required to file, periodic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(II) In the fiscal year ending immediately before the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the following conditions (determined in accordance with the historical financial accounting records of the company): ‘‘(aa) The earnings of the company before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization are less than $25,000,000. ‘‘(bb) The gross revenues of the company are less than $250,000,000. For purposes of this subclause, the Commission may by rule modify the dollar figures if the Commission determines that such a modification is necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors. ‘‘(iv) M&A 
BROKER .—The term ‘M&A broker’ means a broker, and any person associated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting securities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regardless of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemption of, or a business combination involving, securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, if the broker reasonably believes that— ‘‘(I) upon consummation of the transaction, any person acquiring securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, acting alone or in concert, will control and, directly or indirectly, will be active in the management of the eligible privately held company or the business conducted with the assets of the eligible privately held company; and ‘‘(II) if any person is offered securities in exchange for securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, such person will, prior to becoming legally bound to consummate the transaction, receive or have reasonable access to the most recent fiscal year end financial statements of the issuer of the securities as customarily prepared by the management of the issuer in the normal course of operations and, if the financial statements of the issuer are audited, reviewed, or compiled, any related statement by the independent accountant, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and information pertaining to the management, business, results of operations for the period covered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. ‘‘(v) SHELL COMPANY .—The term ‘shell company’ means a company that at the time of a transaction with an eligible privately held company— ‘‘(I) has no or nominal operations; and ‘‘(II) has— ‘‘(aa) no or nominal assets; ‘‘(bb) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or ‘‘(cc) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. ‘‘(F) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—On the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and every 5 years thereafter, each dollar amount in subparagraph (E)(ii)(II) shall be adjusted by— ‘‘(I) dividing the annual value of the Employment Cost Index For Wages and Salaries, Private Industry Workers (or any successor index), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the adjustment is being made by the annual value of such index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2012; and ‘‘(II) multiplying such dollar amount by the quotient obtained under subclause (I). ‘‘(ii) ROUNDING .—Each dollar amount determined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100,000.’’. 
The amendment made by this title shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE IV—FAIR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES FOR PROFESSIONAL EXPERTS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a)(15) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(15) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (F), respectively; and (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon, and inserting after such subparagraph the following: ‘‘(B) any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 (which amount, along with the amounts set forth in subparagraph (C), shall be adjusted for inflation by the Commission every 5 years to the nearest $10,000 to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) where, for purposes of calculating net worth under this subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; ‘‘(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability); and ‘‘(iii) indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; ‘‘(C) any natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the 2 most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; ‘‘(D) any natural person who is currently licensed or registered as a broker or investment adviser by the Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or an equivalent selfregulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or the securities division of a State or the equivalent State division responsible for licensing or registration of individuals in connection with securities activities; ‘‘(E) any natural person the Commission determines, by regulation, to have demonstrable education or job experience to qualify such person as having professional knowledge of a subject related to a particular investment, and whose education or job experience is verified by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an equivalent self regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934); or’’. (b) RULEMAKING .—The Commission shall revise the definition of accredited investor under Regulation D (17 C.F.R. 230.501 et seq.) to conform with the amendments made by subsection (a). TITLE V—FOSTERING INNOVATION 
Section 404 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOWREVENUE ISSUERS .— ‘‘(1) LOWREVENUE EXEMPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit report prepared for an issuer that— ‘‘(A) ceased to be an emerging growth company on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently completed fiscal year; and ‘‘(C) is not a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(2) EXPIRATION OF TEMPORARY EXEMP TION.—An issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or ‘‘(C) the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) AVERAGE ANNUAL GROSS REVENUES .— The term ‘average annual gross revenues’ 
means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most recently completed three fiscal years divided by three. ‘‘(B) EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY .—The term ‘emerging growth company’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). ‘‘(C) LARGE ACCELERATED FILER .—The term ‘large accelerated filer’ has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. TITLE VI—END BANKING FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKERS 
SEC. 601. INCREASING THE ROLE OF THE FINANCIAL INDUSTRY IN COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) T REASURY AS A MEMBER OF THE PRESIDENT ’SINTERAGENCY TASKFORCE TOMONITOR  
ANDCOMBAT TRAFFICKING .—Section 105(b) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Education,’’. (b) REQUIRED REVIEW OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Financial Institutions Examination Council, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, the private sector, and appropriate law enforcement agencies, shall— (1) review and enhance training and examinations procedures to improve the capabilities of antimoney laundering and countering the financing of terrorism programs to detect financial transactions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (2) review and enhance procedures for referring potential cases relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons to the appropriate law enforcement agency; and (3) determine, as appropriate, whether requirements for financial institutions are sufficient to detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (c) INTERAGENCY TASKFORCE RECOMMENDA TIONS TARGETING MONEY LAUNDERING RELATED TO HUMAN TRAFFICKING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the head of each appropriate Federal banking agency— (A) an analysis of antimoney laundering efforts of the United States Government and United States financial institutions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; and (B) appropriate legislative, administrative, and other recommendations to strengthen efforts against money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (2) REQUIRED RECOMMENDATIONS .—The rec ommendations under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) feedback from financial institutions on best practices of successful programs to combat severe forms of trafficking in persons currently in place that may be suitable for broader adoption by similarly situated financial institutions; (B) feedback from stakeholders, including victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons and financial institutions, on policy proposals derived from the analysis conducted by the task force referred to in paragraph (1) that would enhance the efforts and programs of financial institutions to detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, including any recommended changes to internal policies, procedures, and controls relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (C) any recommended changes to training programs at financial institutions to better equip employees to deter and detect money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (D) any recommended changes to expand information sharing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons among financial institutions and between such financial institutions, appropriate law enforcement agencies, and appropriate Federal agencies; and (E) recommended changes, if necessary, to existing statutory law to more effectively detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, where such money laundering involves the use of emerging technologies and virtual currencies. (d) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this title shall be construed to grant rulemaking authority to the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking. (e) DEFINITIONS .—As used in this section— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)); (2) the term ‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); (3) the term ‘‘Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ means the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established by the President pursuant to section 105 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103); and (4) the term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, authorized by law or by a government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal or civil law. 
SEC. 602. COORDINATION OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING ISSUES BY THE OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL INTELLIGENCE. 
(a) F UNCTIONS .—Section 312(a)(4) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) combating illicit financing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons;’’. (b) INTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) INTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—The Sec retary of the Treasury, after consultation with the Undersecretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, shall designate an office within the OTFI that shall coordinate efforts to combat the illicit financing of severe forms of trafficking in persons with— ‘‘(A) other offices of the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(B) other Federal agencies, including— ‘‘(i) the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons of the Department of State; and ‘‘(ii) the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking; ‘‘(C) State and local law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(D) foreign governments.’’. (c) DEFINITION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. SEC. 603. ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIREMENT UNDER THE TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF 2000. 
Section 105(d)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Financial Services,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Affairs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Relations,’’; (2) in subparagraph (Q)(vii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (R), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(S) the efforts of the United States to eliminate money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons and the number of investigations, arrests, indictments, and convictions in money laundering cases with a nexus to severe forms of trafficking in persons.’’. 
SEC. 604. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 108(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Whether the government of the country, consistent with the capacity of the country, has in effect a framework to prevent financial transactions involving the proceeds of severe forms of trafficking in persons, and is taking steps to implement such a framework, including by investigating, prosecuting, convicting, and sentencing individuals who attempt or conduct such transactions.’’. TITLE VII—INVESTING IN MAIN STREET 
Section 302(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 682(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the approval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and surplus’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the approval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and surplus’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘appropriate Federal banking agency’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. TITLE VIII—EXCHANGE REGULATORY IMPROVEMENT 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Over time, national securities exchanges have expanded their businesses beyond listings and trading to include the sale of additional products and services to their members and listed companies. (2) The Securities and Exchange Commission should be transparent in its interpretation of the term ‘‘facility’’ in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
‘‘Commission’’) shall adopt regulations to further interpret the term ‘‘facility’’ under section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such regulations shall set forth the facts and circumstances the Commission considers when determining whether any premises or property, or the right to use any premises, property, or service is or is not a facility of an exchange. (b) APPLICATION TO PROPOSED RULES .—The Commission shall apply the facts and circumstances set forth in the regulations issued pursuant to subsection (a) in determining whether any proposed rule is or is not required to be submitted as a proposed rule filing pursuant to section 19 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations issued thereunder. TITLE IX—ENCOURAGING PUBLIC OFFERINGS 
SEC. 901. EXPANDING TESTING THE WATERS AND CONFIDENTIAL SUBMISSIONS. 
The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5(d)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘an emerging growth company or any person authorized to act on behalf of an emerging growth company’’ and inserting ‘‘an issuer or any person authorized to act on behalf of an issuer’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the engaging in oral or written communications described under paragraph (1) by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’; and (2) in section 6(e)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘EMERGING  GROWTH COMPANIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘D RAFT  REGISTRATION STATEMENTS ’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (4); and (C) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) PRIOR TO INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING .— Any issuer, prior to its initial public offering date, may confidentially submit to the Commission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as defined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the requested effective date of the registration statement. ‘‘(2) WITHIN 1 YEAR AFTER INITIAL PUBLIC OF FERING OR EXCHANGE REGISTRATION .—Any issuer, within the 1year period following its initial public offering or its registration of a security under section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, may confidentially submit to the Commission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission by a date and time prior to any requested effective date and time that the Commission determines is appropriate to protect investors. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the submission of draft registration statements described under this subsection by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’. TITLE X—FAMILY OFFICE TECHNICAL CORRECTION 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), any family office or a family client of a family office, as defined in section 275.202(a)(11)(G)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be an accredited investor, as defined in Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor thereto) under the Securities Act of 1933. (b) LIMITATION .—Subsection (a) only applies to a family office with assets under management in excess of $5,000,000, and a family office or a family client not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and whose purchase is directed by a person who has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that such person is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment. TITLE XI—EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR RURAL JOB CREATORS 
SEC. 1101. ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR RURALAREA SMALL BUSINESSES. 
Section 4(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph(4)(C), by inserting ‘‘rural area small businesses,’’ after ‘‘womenowned small businesses,’’; and (2) in paragraph (6)(B)(iii), by inserting ‘‘ruralarea small businesses,’’ after ‘‘womenowned small businesses,’’. TITLE XII—FINANCIAL INSTITUTION LIVING WILL IMPROVEMENT 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘periodically’’ and inserting ‘‘every 2 years’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Board’’; (B) by striking ‘‘shall review’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) review’’; (C) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the 6month period beginning on the date the company submits the resolution plan, provide feedback to the company on such plan. ‘‘(B) DISCLOSURE OF ASSESSMENT FRAME WORK .—The Board of Governors and the Corporation shall publicly disclose the assessment framework that is used to review information under this paragraph.’’. (b) TREATMENT OF OTHER RESOLUTION PLAN REQUIREMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to an appropriate Federal banking agency that requires a banking organization to submit to the agency a resolution plan not described under section 165(d) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act— (A) the respective agency shall ensure that the review of such resolution plan is consistent with the requirements contained in the amendments made by this section; (B) the agency may not require the submission of such a resolution plan more often than every 2 years; and (C) paragraphs (6) and (7) of such section 165(d) shall apply to such a resolution plan. (2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: (A) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN CY.—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’— (i) has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and (ii) means the National Credit Union Administration, in the case of an insured credit union. (B) BANKING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘banking organization’’ means— (i) an insured depository institution; (ii) an insured credit union; (iii) a depository institution holding company; (iv) a company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act; and (v) a U.S. intermediate holding company established by a foreign banking organization pursuant to section 252.153 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. (C) INSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘insured credit union’’ has the meaning given that term under section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act. (D) OTHER BANKING TERMS .—The terms ‘‘depository institution holding company’’ and ‘‘insured depository institution’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or any amendment made by this section, shall be construed as limiting the authority of an appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined under subsection (b)(2)) to obtain information from an institution in connection with such agency’s authority to examine or require reports from the institution. TITLE XIII—PREVENTION OF PRIVATE INFORMATION DISSEMINATION 
Section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR UNAUTHORIZED  DISCLOSURES .—Section 552a(i)(1) of title 5, United States Code, shall apply to a determination made under subsection (d) or (i) based on individually identifiable information submitted pursuant to the requirements of this section to the same extent as such section 552a(i)(1) applies to agency records which contain individually identifiable information the disclosure of which is prohibited by such section 552a or by rules or regulations established thereunder.’’. TITLE XIV—INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE STANDARDS 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘International Insurance Standards Act of 2018’’. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) The Statebased system for insurance regulation in the United States has served American consumers well for more than 150 years and has fostered an open and competitive marketplace with a diversity of insurance products to the benefit of policyholders and consumers. 
(2) Protecting policyholders by regulating to ensure an insurer’s ability to pay claims has been the hallmark of the successful United States system and should be the paramount objective of domestic prudential regulation and emerging international standards. (3) The DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203) reaffirmed the Statebased insurance regulatory system. 
SEC. 1403. REQUIREMENT THAT INSURANCE STANDARDS REFLECT UNITED STATES POLICY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Parties representing the Federal Government in any international regulatory, standardsetting, or supervisory forum or in any negotiations of any international agreements relating to the prudential aspects of insurance shall not agree to, accede to, accept, or establish any proposed agreement or standard if the proposed agreement or standard fails to recognize the United States system of insurance regulation as satisfying such proposals. (2) INAPPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any forum or negotiations relating to a covered agreement (as such term is defined in section 313(r) of title 31, United States Code). (b) FEDERAL INSURANCE OFFICE FUNCTIONS .—Subparagraph (E) of section 313(c)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘Federal Government’’ after ‘‘United States’’. (c) NEGOTIATIONS .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent participation in negotiations of any proposed agreement or standard. 
SEC. 1404. STATE INSURANCE REGULATOR INVOLVEMENT IN INTERNATIONAL STANDARD SETTING. 
In developing international insurance standards pursuant to section 1403, and throughout the negotiations of such standards, parties representing the Federal Government shall, on matters related to insurance, closely consult, coordinate with, and seek to include in such meetings State insurance commissioners or, at the option of the State insurance commissioners, designees of the insurance commissioners acting at their direction. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Parties representing the Federal Government with respect to any agreement under section 1403 shall provide written notice to and consult with the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and any other relevant committees of jurisdiction— (1) before initiating negotiations to enter into the agreement, regarding— (A) the intention of the United States to participate in or enter into such negotiations; and (B) the nature and objectives of the negotiations; and (2) during negotiations to enter into the agreement, regarding— (A) the nature and objectives of the negotiations (B) the implementation of the agreement, including how it is consistent with and does not materially differ from or otherwise affect Federal or State laws or regulations; (C) the impact on the competitiveness of United States insurers; and (D) the impact on United States consumers. (b) CONSULTATION WITHFEDERAL ADVISORY  COMMITTEE ON INSURANCE .—Before entering into an agreement under section 1403, the Secretary of the Treasury shall seek to consult with the Federal Advisory Committee on Insurance formed pursuant to section 313(h) of title 31, United States Code. SEC. 1406. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON INTERNATIONAL INSURANCE AGREEMENTS. 
Before entering into an agreement under section 1403, parties representing the Federal Government shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report that describes — (1) the implementation of the agreement, including how it is consistent with and does not materially differ from or otherwise affect Federal or State laws or regulations; (2) the impact on the competitiveness of United States insurers; and (3) the impact on United States consumers. 
(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE INSURANCE MEASURES .—Subsection (f) of section 313 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (b) DEFINITION .—Paragraph (2) of section 313(r) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) applies only on a prospective basis.’’. (c) CONSULTATION ; SUBMISSION AND LAYOVER ; CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—Section 314 of title 31, United States Code is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘laws’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘and Federal law, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of such laws that would be required to carry out a covered agreement’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) ACCESS TO NEGOTIATING TEXTS AND  
OTHER DOCUMENTS .—Appropriate congressional committees and staff with proper security clearances shall be given timely access to United States negotiating proposals, consolidated draft texts, and other pertinent documents related to the negotiations, including classified materials.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) REQUIREMENTS FOR CONSULTATIONS  WITH STATE INSURANCE COMMISSIONERS .— Throughout the negotiations of a covered agreement, parties representing the Federal Government shall closely consult and coordinate with State insurance commissioners.’’; (4) in subsection (d), as so redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘only if—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘only if, before signing the final legal text or otherwise entering into the agreement—’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘congressional committees specified in subsection (b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership and to congressional committee staff with proper security clearances’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) the 90day period beginning on the date on which the copy of the final legal text of the agreement is submitted under paragraph (1) to the congressional committees, leadership, and staff has expired; and ‘‘(B) the covered agreement has not been prevented from taking effect pursuant to subsection (e).’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(e) PERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—During the layover period referred to in subsection (d)(2)(A), the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Finance of the Senate and the Committees on Financial Services and Ways of Means of the House of Representatives should, as appropriate, exercise their full oversight responsibility. ‘‘(2) EFFECT OF ENACTMENT OF A JOINT RESO LUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, if a joint resolution of disapproval relating to a covered agreement submitted under subsection (d)(1) is enacted in accordance with subsection (f), the covered agreement shall not enter into force with respect to the United States. ‘‘(f) JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF DISAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘joint resolution of disapproval’ means, with respect to proposed covered agreement, only a joint resolution of either House of Congress— ‘‘(A) that is introduced during the 90day period referred to in subsection (d)(2)(A) relating to such proposed covered agreement; ‘‘(B) which does not have a preamble; ‘‘(C) the title of which is as follows: ‘A joint resolution disapproving a certain proposed covered agreement under section 314 of title 31, United States Code.’; and ‘‘(D) the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is the following: ‘Congress disapproves of the proposed covered agreement submitted to Congress under section 314(c)(1) of title 31, United States Code, on lllllll relating to llllllll.’, with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the second blank space being filled with a short description of the proposed covered agreement. ‘‘(2) INTRODUCTION .—During the layover period referred to in subsection (d)(2)(A), a joint resolution of disapproval may be introduced— ‘‘(A) in the House of Representatives, by any Member of the House, and ‘‘(B) in the Senate, by any Senator, and shall be referred to the appropriate committees. ‘‘(3) RULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection is enacted by Congress— ‘‘(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, and supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and ‘‘(B) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. ‘‘(g) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES AND LEADERSHIP DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Finance, and the majority and minority leaders, of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committees on Financial Services and Ways and Means, and the Speaker, the majority leader, and the minority leader, of the House of Representatives.’’. 
This title and the amendments made by this title shall not apply to any forum or negotiations related to a trade agreement. 
Section 165(i)(2) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(i)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘are regulated by a primary Federal financial regulatory agency’’ and inserting: ‘‘whose primary financial regulatory agency is a Federal banking agency or the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Each Federal primary financial regulatory agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Each Federal banking agency and the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) SEC 
AND CFTC .—The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission may each issue regulations requiring financial companies with respect to which they are the primary financial regulatory agency to conduct periodic analyses of the financial condition, including available liquidity, of such companies under adverse economic conditions.’’. TITLE XVI—NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COMBATING THE FINANCING OF TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATIONS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of the Treasury, shall, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, the Director of the United States Secret Service, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, and the Federal functional regulators, develop a national strategy to combat the financial networks of transnational organized criminals. (b) TRANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate Congressional committees and make available to the relevant government agencies as defined in subsection (a), a comprehensive national strategy in accordance with subsection (a). (2) UPDATES .—After the initial submission of the national strategy under paragraph (1), the President shall, not less often than every 2 years, update the national strategy and submit the updated strategy to the appropriate Congressional committees. (c) SEPARATE PRESENTATION OF CLASSIFIED  MATERIAL .—Any part of the national strategy that involves information that is properly classified under criteria established by the President shall be submitted to Congress separately in a classified annex and, if requested by the chairman or ranking member of one of the appropriate Congressional committees, as a briefing at an appropriate level of security. 
The national strategy described in section 1601 shall contain the following: (1) THREATS .—An identification and assessment of the most significant current transnational organized crime threats posed to the national security of the United States or to the U.S. and international financial system, including drug and human trafficking organizations, cyber criminals, kleptocrats, and other relevant state and nonstate entities, including those threats identified in the President’s ‘‘Strategy to Combat Transnational Organized Crime’’ (published July 2011). (2) ILLICIT FINANCE .—(A) An identification of individuals, entities, and networks (including terrorist organizations, if any) that provide financial support or financial facilitation to transnational organized crime groups, and an assessment of the scope and role of those providing financial support to transnational organized crime groups. (B) An assessment of methods by which transnational organized crime groups launder illicit proceeds, including money laundering using real estate and other tangible goods such as art and antiquities, trade based money laundering, bulk cash smuggling, exploitation of shell companies, and misuse of digital currencies and other cyber technologies, as well as an assessment of the risk to the financial system of the United States of such methods. (3) GOALS , OBJECTIVES , PRIORITIES , AND AC TIONS .—(A) A comprehensive, researchbased discussion of shortterm and longterm goals, objectives, priorities, and actions, listed for each department and agency described under section 1601(a), for combating the financing of transnational organized crime groups and their facilitators. (B) A description of how the strategy is integrated into, and supports, the national security strategy, drug control strategy, and counterterrorism strategy of the United States. (4) REVIEWS AND PROPOSED CHANGES .—A re view of current efforts to combat the financing or financial facilitation of transnational organized crime, including efforts to detect, deter, disrupt, and prosecute transnational organized crime groups and their supporters, and, if appropriate, proposed changes to any law or regulation determined to be appropriate to ensure that the United States pursues coordinated and effective efforts within the jurisdiction of the United States, including efforts or actions that are being taken or can be taken by financial institutions, efforts in cooperation with international partners of the United States, and efforts that build partnerships and global capacity to combat transnational organized crime. 
In this title: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) FEDERAL FUNCTIONAL REGULATOR .—The term ‘‘Federal functional regulator’’ has the meaning given that term in section 509 of the GrammLeachBliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809). (3) TRANSNATIONAL ORGANIZED CRIME .—The term ‘‘transnational organized crime’’ refers to those selfperpetuating associations of individuals who operate transnationally for the purpose of obtaining power, influence, monetary or commercial gains, wholly or in part by illegal means, while— (A) protecting their activities through a pattern of corruption or violence; or (B) while protecting their illegal activities through a transnational organizational structure and the exploitation of transnational commerce or communication mechanisms. TITLE XVII—COMMON SENSE CREDIT UNION CAPITAL RELIEF SEC. 1701. DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Notwithstanding any effective date set forth in the rule issued by the National Credit Union Administration titled ‘‘RiskBased Capital’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 66626 (October 29, 2015)), such final rule shall take effect on January 1, 2021. TITLE XVIII—OPTIONS MARKETS STABILITY 
Within 180 days of the date of enactment of this Act, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall, jointly, issue a proposed rule, and finalize such rule within 360 days of the date of enactment of this Act, to adopt a methodology for calculating the counterparty credit risk exposure, at default, of a depository institution, depository institution holding company, or affiliate thereof to a client arising from a guarantee provided by the depository institution, depository institution holding company, or affiliate thereof to a central counterparty in respect of the client’s performance under an exchangelisted derivative contract cleared through that central counterparty pursuant to the riskbased and leveragebased capital rules applicable to depository institutions and depository institution holding companies under parts 3, 217, and 324 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. In issuing such rule, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Comptroller of the Currency shall consider— (1) the availability of liquidity provided by market makers during times of high volatility in the capital markets; (2) the spread between the bid and the quote offered by market makers; (3) the preference for clearing through central counterparties; (4) the safety and soundness of the financial system and financial stability, including the benefits of central clearing; (5) the safety and soundness of individual institutions that may centrally clear exchangelisted derivatives or options on behalf of a client, including concentration of market share; (6) the economic value of delta weighting a counterparty’s position and netting of a counterparty’s position; (7) the inherent risk of the positions; (8) barriers to entry for depository institutions, depository institution holding companies, affiliates thereof, and entities not affiliated with a depository institution or depository institution holding company to centrally clear exchangelisted derivatives or options on behalf of market makers; (9) the impact any changes may have on the broader capital regime and aggregate capital in the system; and (10) consideration of other potential factors that impact market making in the exchangelisted options market, including changes in market structure. 
At the end of the 5year period beginning on the date the final rule is issued under section 1801, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the impact of the final rule during such period on the factors described under paragraphs (1) through (10) of section 1801. 
SEC. 1901. SAFE HARBOR WITH RESPECT TO KEEP OPEN LETTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—With respect to a customer account or customer transaction of a financial institution, if a Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency requests, in writing, the financial institution to keep such account or transaction open— ‘‘(1) the financial institution shall not be liable under this subchapter for maintaining such account or transaction consistent with the parameters of the request; and ‘‘(2) no Federal or State department or agency may take any adverse supervisory action under this subchapter with respect to the financial institution for maintaining such account or transaction consistent with the parameters of the request. ‘‘(b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) from preventing a Federal or State department or agency from verifying the validity of a written request described under subsection (a) with the Federal, State, Tribal, or local law enforcement agency making the written request; or ‘‘(2) to relieve a financial institution from complying with any reporting requirements, including the reporting of suspicious transactions under section 5318(g). ‘‘(c) LETTER TERMINATION DATE.—For pur poses of this section, any written request described under subsection (a) shall include a termination date after which such request shall no longer apply.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5332 the following: ‘‘5333. Safe harbor with respect to keep open letters.’’. TITLE XX—MAIN STREET GROWTH 
(a) S ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.— Section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) VENTURE EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(1) REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A person may register themself (and a national securities exchange may register a listing tier of such exchange) as a national securities exchange solely for the purposes of trading venture securities by filing an application with the Commission pursuant to subsection (a) and the rules and regulations thereunder. ‘‘(B) PUBLICATION OF NOTICE .—The Commission shall, upon the filing of an application under subparagraph (A), publish notice of such filing and afford interested persons an opportunity to submit written data, views, and arguments concerning such application. ‘‘(C) APPROVAL OR DENIAL .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Within 90 days of the date of publication of a notice under subparagraph (B) (or within such longer period as to which the applicant consents), the Commission shall— ‘‘(I) by order grant such registration; or ‘‘(II) institute a denial proceeding under clause (ii) to determine whether registration should be denied. ‘‘(ii) DENIAL PROCEEDING .—A proceeding under clause (i)(II) shall include notice of the grounds for denial under consideration and opportunity for hearing and shall be concluded within 180 days of the date of the publication of a notice under subparagraph (B). At the conclusion of such proceeding the Commission, by order, shall grant or deny such registration. The Commission may extend the time for conclusion of such proceeding for up to 90 days if the Commission finds good cause for such extension and publishes the Commission’s reasons for so finding or for such longer period as to which the applicant consents. ‘‘(iii) CRITERIA FOR APPROVAL OR DENIAL .— The Commission shall grant a registration under this paragraph if the Commission finds that the requirements of this title and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the applicant are satisfied. The Commission shall deny such registration if it does not make such finding. ‘‘(2) POWERS AND RESTRICTIONS .—In addi tion to the powers and restrictions otherwise applicable to a national securities exchange, a venture exchange— ‘‘(A) may only constitute, maintain, or provide a market place or facilities for bringing together purchasers and sellers of venture securities; ‘‘(B) may not extend unlisted trading privileges to any venture security; ‘‘(C) may only, if the venture exchange is a listing tier of another national securities exchange, allow trading in securities that are registered under section 12(b) on a national securities exchange other than a venture exchange; and ‘‘(D) may, subject to the rule filing process under section 19(b)— ‘‘(i) determine the increment to be used for quoting and trading venture securities on the exchange; and ‘‘(ii) choose to carry out periodic auctions for the sale of a venture security instead of providing continuous trading of the venture security. ‘‘(3) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN EXEMPTED SE CURITIES .—A security that is exempt from registration pursuant to section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be exempt from section 12(a) of this title to the extent such securities are traded on a venture exchange, if the issuer of such security is in compliance with— ‘‘(A) all disclosure obligations of such section 3(b) and the regulations issued under such section; and ‘‘(B) ongoing disclosure obligations of the applicable venture exchange that are similar to those provided by an issuer under tier 2 of Regulation A (17 C.F.R. 230.251 et seq.). ‘‘(4) VENTURE SECURITIES TRADED ON VEN TURE EXCHANGES MAY NOT TRADE ON NON VENTURE EXCHANGES .—A venture security may not be traded on a national securities exchange that is not a venture exchange during any period in which the venture security is being traded on a venture exchange. ‘‘(5) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as requiring transactions in venture securities to be effected on a national securities exchange. ‘‘(6) COMMISSION AUTHORITY TO LIMIT CER TAIN TRADING .—The Commission may limit transactions in venture securities that are not effected on a national securities exchange as appropriate to promote efficiency, competition, capital formation, and to protect investors. ‘‘(7) DISCLOSURES TO INVESTORS .—The Com mission shall issue regulations to ensure that persons selling or purchasing venture securities on a venture exchange are provided disclosures sufficient to understand— ‘‘(A) the characteristics unique to venture securities; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a venture exchange that is a listing tier of another national securities exchange, that the venture exchange is distinct from the other national securities exchange. ‘‘(8) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) EARLY STAGE , GROWTH COMPANY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘earlystage, growth company’ means an issuer— ‘‘(I) that has not made any registered initial public offering of any securities of the issuer; and ‘‘(II) with a public float of less than or equal to the value of public float required to qualify as a large accelerated filer under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT WHEN PUBLIC FLOAT EX CEEDS THRESHOLD .—An issuer shall not cease to be an earlystage, growth company by reason of the public float of such issuer exceeding the threshold specified in clause (i)(II) until the later of the following: ‘‘(I) The end of the period of 24 consecutive months during which the public float of the issuer exceeds $2,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest $1,000,000). ‘‘(II) The end of the 1year period following the end of the 24month period described under subclause (I), if the issuer requests such 1year extension from a venture exchange and the venture exchange elects to provide such extension. ‘‘(B) PUBLIC FLOAT .—With respect to an issuer, the term ‘public float’ means the aggregate worldwide market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity of the issuer held by nonaffiliates. ‘‘(C) VENTURE SECURITY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘venture security’ means— ‘‘(I) securities of an earlystage, growth company that are exempt from registration pursuant to section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(II) securities of an emerging growth company; or ‘‘(III) securities registered under section 12(b) and listed on a venture exchange (or, prior to listing on a venture exchange, listed on a national securities exchange) where— ‘‘(aa) the issuer of such securities has a public float less than or equal to the value of public float required to qualify as a large accelerated filer under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; or ‘‘(bb) the average daily trade volume is 75,000 shares or less during a continuous 60 day period. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT WHEN PUBLIC FLOAT EX CEEDS THRESHOLD .—Securities shall not cease to be venture securities by reason of the public float of the issuer of such securities exceeding the threshold specified in clause (i)(III)(aa) until the later of the following: ‘‘(I) The end of the period of 24 consecutive months beginning on the date— ‘‘(aa) the public float of such issuer exceeds $2,000,000,000; and ‘‘(bb) the average daily trade volume of such securities is 100,000 shares or more during a continuous 60day period. ‘‘(II) The end of the 1year period following the end of the 24month period described under subclause (I), if the issuer of such securities requests such 1year extension from a venture exchange and the venture exchange elects to provide such extension.’’. (b) SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.—Section 18 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: 
‘‘(d) T REATMENT OF SECURITIES LISTED ON A  VENTURE EXCHANGE .—Notwithstanding subsection (b), a security is not a covered security pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(A) if the security is only listed, or authorized for listing, on a venture exchange (as defined under section 6(m) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).’’. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Securities and Exchange Commission should— (1) when necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors, make use of the Commission’s general exemptive authority under section 36 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78mm) with respect to the provisions added by this section; and (2) if the Commission determines appropriate, create an Office of Venture Exchanges within the Commission’s Division of Trading and Markets. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to impair or limit the construction of the antifraud provisions of the securities laws (as defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))) or the authority of the Securities and Exchange Commission under those provisions. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE FOR TIERS OF EXISTING  NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGES .—In the case of a securities exchange that is registered as a national securities exchange under section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) on the date of the enactment of this Act, any election for a listing tier of such exchange to be treated as a venture exchange under subsection (m) of such section shall not take effect before the date that is 180 days after such date of enactment. TITLE XXI—BUILDING UP INDEPENDENT LIVES AND DREAMS 
(a) TILA A MENDMENT .—Section 105 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1604) is amended by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) DISCLOSURE FOR CHARITABLE MORTGAGE LOANTRANSACTIONS .—With respect to a mortgage loan transaction involving a residential mortgage loan offered at zero percent interest primarily for charitable purposes by an organization having taxexempt status under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, forms HUD–1 and GFE (as defined under section 1024.2(b) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations), together with a disclosure substantially in the form of the Loan Model Form H–2 (as defined under Appendix H to section 1026 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations) shall, collectively, be an appropriate model form for purposes of subsection (b).’’. (b) RESPA AMENDMENT .—Section 4 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2603) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) With respect to a mortgage loan transaction involving a residential mortgage loan offered at zero percent interest primarily for charitable purposes, an organization having taxexempt status under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may use forms HUD–1 and GFE (as defined under section 1024.2(b) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations) together with a disclosure substantially in the form of the Loan Model Form H–2 (as defined under Appendix H to section 1026 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations), collectively, in lieu of the disclosure published under subsection (a).’’. (c) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall issue such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b). (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXII—MODERNIZING DISCLOSURES FOR INVESTORS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall conduct an analysis of the costs and benefits of requiring reporting companies to use Form 10–Q for submitting quarterly financial reports. Such analysis shall consider— (1) the costs and benefits of Form 10–Q to emerging growth companies; (2) the costs and benefits of Form 10–Q to the Commission in terms of its ability to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation; (3) the costs and benefits of Form 10–Q to other reporting companies, investors, market researchers, and other market participants, including the costs and benefits associated with— (A) the public availability of the information required to be filed on Form 10–Q; (B) the use of a standardized reporting format across all classes of reporting companies; and (C) the quarterly disclosure by some companies of financial information in formats other than Form 10–Q, such as a quarterly earnings press release; (4) the costs and benefits of alternative formats for quarterly reporting for emerging growth companies to emerging growth companies, the Commission, other reporting companies, investors, market researchers, and other market participants; and (5) the expected impact of the use of alternative formats of quarterly reporting by emerging growth companies on overall market transparency and efficiency. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to Congress that includes— (1) the results of the analysis required by subsection (a); and (2) recommendations for decreasing costs, increasing transparency, and increasing efficiency of quarterly financial reporting by emerging growth companies. TITLE XXIII—FIGHT ILLICIT NETWORKS AND DETECT TRAFFICKING 
The Congress finds the following: (1) According to the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) 2017 National Drug Threat Assessment, transnational criminal organizations are increasingly using virtual currencies. (2) The Treasury Department has recognized that: ‘‘The development of virtual currencies is an attempt to meet a legitimate market demand. According to a Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago economist, United States consumers want payment options that are versatile and that provide immediate finality. No United States payment method meets that description, although cash may come closest. Virtual currencies can mimic cash’s immediate finality and anonymity and are more versatile than cash for online and crossborder transactions, making virtual currencies vulnerable for illicit transactions.’’. (3) Virtual currencies have become a prominent method to pay for goods and services associated with illegal sex trafficking and drug trafficking, which are two of the most detrimental and troubling illegal activities facilitated by online marketplaces. (4) Online marketplaces, including the dark web, have become a prominent platform to buy, sell, and advertise for illicit goods and services associated with sex trafficking and drug trafficking. (5) According to the International Labour Organization, in 2016, 4.8 million people in the world were victims of forced sexual exploitation, and in 2014, the global profit from commercial sexual exploitation was $99 billion. (6) In 2016, within the United States, the Center for Disease Control estimated that there were 64,000 deaths related to drug overdose, and the most severe increase in drug overdoses were those associated with fentanyl and fentanyl analogs (synthetic opioids), which amounted to over 20,000 overdose deaths. (7) According to the United States Department of the Treasury 2015 National Money Laundering Risk Assessment, an estimated $64 billion is generated annually from United States drug trafficking sales. (8) Illegal fentanyl in the United States originates primarily from China, and it is readily available to purchase through online marketplaces. SEC. 2302. GAO STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to facilitate sex and drug trafficking. The study shall consider— (1) how online marketplaces, including the dark web, are being used as platforms to buy, sell, or facilitate the financing of goods or services associated with sex trafficking or drug trafficking (specifically, opioids and synthetic opioids, including fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and any precursor chemicals associated with manufacturing fentanyl or fentanyl analogs) destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (2) how financial payment methods, including virtual currencies and peertopeer mobile payment services, are being utilized by online marketplaces to facilitate the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (3) how virtual currencies are being used to facilitate the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking, destined for, originating from, or within the United States, when an online platform is not otherwise involved; (4) how illicit funds that have been transmitted online and through virtual currencies are repatriated into the formal banking system of the United States through money laundering or other means; (5) the participants (state and nonstate actors) throughout the entire supply chain that participate in or benefit from the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking (either through online marketplaces or virtual currencies) destined for, originating from, or within the United States; (6) Federal and State agency efforts to impede the buying, selling, or financing of goods and services associated with sex or drug trafficking destined for, originating from, or within the United States, including efforts to prevent the proceeds from sex or drug trafficking from entering the United States banking system; (7) how virtual currencies and their underlying technologies can be used to detect and deter these illicit activities; and (8) to what extent can the immutable and traceable nature of virtual currencies contribute to the tracking and prosecution of illicit funding. (b) SCOPE.—For the purposes of the study required under subsection (a), the term ‘‘sex 
trafficking’’ means the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, obtaining, patronizing, or soliciting of a person for the purpose of a commercial sex act that is induced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person induced to perform such act has not attained 18 years of age. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report summarizing the results of the study required under subsection (a), together with any recommendations for legislative or regulatory action that would improve the efforts of Federal agencies to impede the use of virtual currencies and online marketplaces in facilitating sex and drug trafficking. TITLE XXIV—IMPROVING INVESTMENT RESEARCH FOR SMALL AND EMERGING ISSUERS 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall conduct a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers, including emerging growth companies and companies considering initial public offerings. (b) CONTENTS OF STUDY .—The study required under subsection (a) shall consider— (1) factors related to the demand for such research by institutional and retail investors; (2) the availability of such research, including— (A) the number and types of firms who provide such research; (B) the volume of such research over time; and (C) competition in the research market; (3) conflicts of interest relating to the production and distribution of investment research; (4) the costs of such research; (5) the impacts of different payment mechanisms for investment research into small issuers, including whether such research is paid for by— (A) harddollar payments from research clients; (B) payments directed from the client’s commission income (i.e., ‘‘soft dollars’’); or (C) payments from the issuer that is the subject of such research; (6) any unique challenges faced by minorityowned, womenowned, and veteranowned small issuers in obtaining research coverage; and (7) the impact on the availability of research coverage for small issuers due to— (A) investment adviser concentration and consolidation, including any potential impacts of fundsize on demand for investment research of small issuers; (B) broker and dealer concentration and consolidation, including any relationships between the size of the firm and allocation of resources for investment research into small issuers; (C) Securities and Exchange Commission rules; (D) registered national securities association rules; (E) State and Federal liability concerns; (F) the settlement agreements referenced in Securities and Exchange Commission Litigation Release No. 18438 (i.e., the ‘‘Global Research Analyst Settlement’’); and (G) Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as implemented by the European Union (‘‘EU’’) member states (‘‘MiFID II’’). (c) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) the results of the study required by subsection (a); and (2) recommendations to increase the demand for, volume of, and quality of investment research into small issuers, including emerging growth companies and companies considering initial public offerings. TITLE XXV—DEVELOPING AND EMPOWERING OUR ASPIRING LEADERS 
Not later than the end of the 180day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall— (1) revise the definition of a qualifying investment under paragraph (c) of section 275.203(l)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to include an equity security issued by a qualifying portfolio company, whether acquired directly from the company or in a secondary acquisition; and (2) revise paragraph (a) of such section to require, as a condition of a private fund qualifying as a venture capital fund under such paragraph, that the qualifying investments of the private fund are predominantly qualifying investments that were acquired directly from a qualifying portfolio company. TITLE XXVI—EXPANDING INVESTMENT IN SMALL BUSINESSES 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall carry out a study of the 10 per centum threshold limitation applicable to the definition of a diversified company under section 5(b)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 5(b)(1)) and determine whether such threshold limits capital formation. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall consider the following: (1) The size and number of diversified companies that are currently restricted in their ability to own more than 10 percent of the voting shares in an individual company. (2) If investing preferences of diversified companies have shifted away from companies with smaller market capitalizations. (3) The expected increase in the availability of capital to small and emerging growth companies if the threshold is increased. (4) The ability of registered funds to manage liquidity risk. (5) Any other consideration that the Commission considers necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors. (c) SOLICITATION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—In carrying out the study required under subsection (a), the Commission may solicit public comments. (d) REPORT .—Not later than the end of the 180day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress, and make such report publicly available on the website of the Commission, containing— (1) all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under subsection (a); and (2) any legislative recommendations of the Commission, including any recommendation to update the 10 per centum threshold. TITLE XXVII—PROMOTING TRANSPARENT STANDARDS FOR CORPORATE INSIDERS 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall carry out a study of whether Rule 10b5–1 (17 C.F.R. 240.10b5–1) should be amended to— (A) limit the ability of issuers and issuer insiders to adopt a plan described under paragraph (c)(1)(i)(A)(3) of Rule 10b5–1 (‘‘trading plan’’) when the issuer or issuer insider is permitted to buy or sell securities during issueradopted trading windows; (B) limit the ability of issuers and issuer insiders to adopt multiple, overlapping trading plans; (C) establish a mandatory delay between the adoption of a trading plan and the execution of the first trade pursuant to such a plan and, if so and depending on the Commission’s findings with respect to subparagraph (A)— (i) whether any such delay should be the same for trading plans adopted during an issueradopted trading window as opposed to outside of such a window; and (ii) whether any exceptions to such a delay are appropriate; (D) limit the frequency that issuers and issuer insiders may modify or cancel trading plans; (E) require issuers and issuer insiders to file with the Commission trading plan adoptions, amendments, terminations and transactions; or (F) require boards of issuers that have adopted a trading plan to— (i) adopt policies covering trading plan practices; (ii) periodically monitor trading plan transactions; and (iii) ensure that issuer policies discuss trading plan use in the context of guidelines or requirements on equity hedging, holding, and ownership. (2) ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In car rying out the study required under paragraph (1), the Commission shall consider— (A) how any such amendments may clarify and enhance existing prohibitions against insider trading; (B) the impact any such amendments may have on the ability of issuers to attract persons to become an issuer insider; (C) the impact any such amendments may have on capital formation; (D) the impact any such amendments may have on an issuer’s willingness to operate as a public company; and (E) any other consideration that the Commission considers necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors. (b) REPORT .—Not later than the end of the 1year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate containing all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under section (a). (c) RULEMAKING .—After the completion of the study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall, subject to public notice and comment, revise Rule 10b5–1 consistent with the results of such study. TITLE XXVIII—INVESTMENT ADVISER REGULATORY FLEXIBILITY IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 2801. DEFINITION OF SMALL BUSINESS OF SMALL ORGANIZATION. 
Not later than end the of the 1year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise the definitions of a ‘‘small business’’ and ‘‘small organization’’ under section 275.0–7 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide alternative methods under which a business or organization may qualify as a ‘‘small business’’ or ‘‘small organization’’ under such section. In 
making such revision, the Commission shall consider whether such alternative methods should include a threshold based on the number of nonclerical employees of the business or organization. TITLE XXIX—ENHANCING MULTICLASS SHARE DISCLOSURES 
SEC. 2901. DISCLOSURE RELATING TO MULTI CLASS SHARE STRUCTURES. 
Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) DISCLOSURE FOR ISSUERS WITHMULTI 
CLASS SHARE STRUCTURES .— ‘‘(1) DISCLOSURE .—The Commission shall, by rule, require each issuer with a multi class share structure to disclose the information described in paragraph (2) in any proxy or consent solicitation material for an annual meeting of the shareholders of the issuer, or any other filing as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(2) CONTENT .—A disclosure made under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to each person who is a director, director nominee, or named executive officer of the issuer, or who is the beneficial owner of securities with 5 percent or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities entitled to vote in the election of directors— ‘‘(A) the number of shares of all classes of securities entitled to vote in the election of directors beneficially owned by such person, expressed as a percentage of the total number of the outstanding securities of the issuer entitled to vote in the election of directors; and ‘‘(B) the amount of voting power held by such person, expressed as a percentage of the total combined voting power of all classes of the securities of the issuer entitled to vote in the election of directors. ‘‘(3) MULTICLASS SHARE STRUCTURE .—In this subsection, the term ‘multiclass share structure’ means a capitalization structure that contains 2 or more classes of securities that have differing amounts of voting rights in the election of directors.’’. TITLE XXX—NATIONAL SENIOR INVESTOR INITIATIVE 
Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) SENIOR INVESTOR TASKFORCE .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Commission the Senior Investor Taskforce (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Taskforce’). ‘‘(2) DIRECTOR OF THE TASKFORCE .—The head of the Taskforce shall be the Director, who shall— ‘‘(A) report directly to the Chairman; and ‘‘(B) be appointed by the Chairman, in consultation with the Commission, from among individuals— ‘‘(i) currently employed by the Commission or from outside of the Commission; and ‘‘(ii) having experience in advocating for the interests of senior investors. ‘‘(3) STAFFING .—The Chairman shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the Taskforce is staffed sufficiently to carry out fully the requirements of this subsection; and ‘‘(B) such staff shall include individuals from the Division of Enforcement, Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations, and Office of Investor Education and Advocacy. ‘‘(4) MINIMIZING DUPLICATION OF EFFORTS .— In organizing and staffing the Taskforce, the Chairman shall take such actions as may be necessary to minimize the duplication of efforts within the divisions and offices described under paragraph (3)(B) and any other divisions, offices, or taskforces of the Commission. ‘‘(5) FUNCTIONS OF THE TASKFORCE .—The Taskforce shall— ‘‘(A) identify challenges that senior investors encounter, including problems associated with financial exploitation and cognitive decline; ‘‘(B) identify areas in which senior investors would benefit from changes in the regulations of the Commission or the rules of selfregulatory organizations; ‘‘(C) coordinate, as appropriate, with other offices within the Commission, other taskforces that may be established within the Commission, selfregulatory organizations, and the Elder Justice Coordinating Council; and ‘‘(D) consult, as appropriate, with State securities and law enforcement authorities, State insurance regulators, and other Federal agencies. ‘‘(6) REPORT .—The Taskforce, in coordination, as appropriate, with the Office of the Investor Advocate and selfregulatory organizations, and in consultation, as appropriate, with State securities and law enforcement authorities, State insurance regulators, and Federal agencies, shall issue a report every 2 years to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, the first of which shall not be issued until after the report described in section 3002 of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018 has been issued and considered by the Taskforce, containing— ‘‘(A) appropriate statistical information and full and substantive analysis; ‘‘(B) a summary of recent trends and innovations that have impacted the investment landscape for senior investors; ‘‘(C) a summary of regulatory initiatives that have concentrated on senior investors and industry practices related to senior investors; ‘‘(D) key observations, best practices, and areas needing improvement, involving senior investors identified during examinations, enforcement actions, and investor education outreach; ‘‘(E) a summary of the most serious issues encountered by senior investors, including issues involving financial products and services; ‘‘(F) an analysis with regard to existing policies and procedures of brokers, dealers, investment advisers, and other market participants related to senior investors and senior investorrelated topics and whether these policies and procedures need to be further developed or refined; ‘‘(G) recommendations for such changes to the regulations, guidance, and orders of the Commission and selfregulatory organizations and such legislative actions as may be appropriate to resolve problems encountered by senior investors; and ‘‘(H) any other information, as determined appropriate by the Director of the Taskforce. ‘‘(7) SUNSET .—The Taskforce shall terminate after the end of the 10year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this subsection, but may be reestablished by the Chairman. ‘‘(8) SENIOR INVESTOR DEFINED .—For pur poses of this subsection, the term ‘senior investor’ means an investor over the age of 65.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress and the Senior Investor Taskforce the results of a study on the economic costs of the financial exploitation of senior citizens. (b) CONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall include information with respect to— (1) costs— (A) associated with losses by victims that were incurred as a result of the financial exploitation of senior citizens; (B) incurred by State and Federal agencies, law enforcement and investigatory agencies, public benefit programs, public health programs, and other public programs as a result of the financial exploitation of senior citizens; and (C) incurred by the private sector as a result of the financial exploitation of senior citizens; and (2) any other relevant costs that— (A) result from the financial exploitation of senior citizens; and (B) the Comptroller General determines are necessary and appropriate to include in order to provide Congress and the public with a full and accurate understanding of the economic costs resulting from the financial exploitation of senior citizens in the United States. (c) SENIOR CITIZEN DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘senior citizen’’ means an individual over the age of 65. TITLE XXXI—MIDDLE MARKET IPO UNDERWRITING COST 
(a) S TUDY .—The Securities and Exchange Commission, in consultation with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, shall carry out a study of the costs associated with small and mediumsized companies to undertake initial public offerings (‘‘IPOs’’). In carrying out such study, the Commission shall— (1) consider the direct and indirect costs of an IPO, including— (A) fees, such as gross spreads paid to underwriters, IPO advisors, and other professionals; (B) compliance with Federal and State securities laws at the time of the IPO; and (C) such other IPOrelated costs as the Commission determines appropriate; (2) compare and analyze the costs of an IPO with the costs of obtaining alternative sources of financing and of liquidity; (3) consider the impact of such costs on capital formation; (4) analyze the impact of these costs on the availability of public securities of small and mediumsized companies to retail investors; and (5) analyze trends in IPOs over a time period the Commission determines is appropriate to analyze IPO pricing practices, considering— (A) the number of IPOs; (B) how costs for IPOs have evolved over time, including fees paid to underwriters, investment advisory firms, and other professions for services in connection with an IPO; (C) the number of brokers and dealers active in underwriting IPOs; (D) the different types of services that underwriters and related persons provide before and after a small or mediumsized company IPO and the factors impacting underwriting costs; (E) changes in the costs and availability of investment research for small and medium sized companies; and (F) any other consideration the Commission considers necessary and appropriate. (b) REPORT .—Not later than the end of the 360day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under subsection (a) and any administrative or legislative recommendations the Commission may have. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933.—The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2(a) (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) The term ‘crowdfunding vehicle’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(c)(15)(B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(15)(B)).’’; (2) in section 4(a)(6) (15 U.S.C. 77d(a)(6))— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, other than a crowdfunding vehicle,’’ after ‘‘sold to all investors’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘other than a crowdfunding vehicle,’’ after ‘‘the issuer,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, other than a crowdfunding vehicle,’’ after ‘‘any investor’’; and (3) in section 4A(f) (15 U.S.C. 77d–1(f))— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 4(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 4(a)(6)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘by any of paragraphs (1) through (14) of’’ before ‘‘section 3(c)’’. (b) AMENDMENTS TO THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940.—Section 3(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15)(A) Any crowdfunding vehicle. ‘‘(B) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘crowdfunding vehicle’ means a company— ‘‘(i) the purpose of which (as set forth in the organizational documents of the company) is limited to acquiring, holding, and disposing of securities issued by a single company in 1 or more transactions made under section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d(a)(6)); ‘‘(ii) that issues only 1 class of securities; ‘‘(iii) that receives no compensation in connection with the acquisition, holding, or disposition of securities described in clause (i); ‘‘(iv) no investment adviser or associated person of which receives any compensation on the basis of a share of capital gains upon, or capital appreciation of, any portion of the funds of an investor of the company; ‘‘(v) the securities of which have been issued in a transaction made under section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d(a)(6)), where both the crowdfunding vehicle and the company whose securities the crowdfunding vehicle holds are coissuers; ‘‘(vi) that is current with respect to ongoing reporting requirements under section 227.202 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; ‘‘(vii) that holds securities of a company that is subject to ongoing reporting requirements under section 227.202 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; and ‘‘(viii) that is advised by an investment adviser that is— ‘‘(I) registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) required to— ‘‘(aa) disclose to the investors of the company any fees charged by the investment adviser; and ‘‘(bb) obtain approval from a majority of the investors of the company with respect to any increase in the fees described in item (aa).’’. (c) AMENDMENTS TO THE INVESTMENT ADVISERSACT OF 1940.—The Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 202(a) (15 U.S.C. 80b–2(a))— (A) by redesignating the second paragraph (29) as paragraph (31); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(32) The term ‘crowdfunding vehicle’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(c)(15)(B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(15)(B)). ‘‘(33)(A) The term ‘crowdfunding vehicle adviser’ means an investment adviser that acts as an investment adviser solely with respect to crowdfunding vehicles. ‘‘(B) A determination, for the purposes of subparagraph (A), regarding whether an investment adviser acts as an investment adviser solely with respect to crowdfunding vehicles shall not include any consideration of the activity of any affiliate of the investment adviser.’’; (2) in section 203 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) CROWDFUNDING VEHICLE ADVISERS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A crowdfunding vehicle adviser shall be required to register under this section. ‘‘(2) TAILORED REQUIREMENTS .—As nec essary or appropriate in the public interest and for the protection of investors, and to promote efficiency, competition, and capital formation, the Commission may tailor the requirements under section 275.206(4)–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to the application of those requirements to a crowdfunding vehicle adviser.’’; and (3) in section 203A(a) (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(a))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) is a crowdfunding vehicle adviser.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘a crowdfunding vehicle adviser,’’ after ‘‘unless the investment adviser is’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘except with respect to a crowdfunding vehicle adviser,’’ before ‘‘has assets’’. 
Section 12(g)(6) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l(g)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Commission’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Commission’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as so designated, by striking ‘‘section 4(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4(a)(6)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) TREATMENT OF SECURITIES ISSUED BY  
CERTAIN ISSUERS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—An exemption under subparagraph (A) shall be unconditional for securities offered by an issuer that had a public float of less than $75,000,000, as of the last business day of the most recently completed semiannual period of the issuer, which shall be calculated in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) CALCULATION .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—A public float described in clause (i) shall be calculated by multiplying the aggregate worldwide number of shares of the common equity securities of an issuer that are held by nonaffiliates by the price at which those securities were last sold (or the average bid and asked prices of those securities) in the principal market for those securities. ‘‘(II) CALCULATION OF ZERO .—If a public float calculation under subclause (I) with respect to an issuer is zero, an exemption under subparagraph (A) shall be unconditional for securities offered by the issuer if the issuer had annual revenues of less than $50,000,000, as of the most recently completed fiscal year of the issuer.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, two things that are vital to the American economy: number one, 3 percent economic growth, and number two, competing with China. Three percent economic growth, Mr. Speaker, is so important because, when you look at the history of America, if you look at jobs that are created, if you look at increasing incomes, if you look at decreasing unemployment, this happens in our 3 percentplus growth years, and that is why it is so great that America is once again seeing 3 percentplus economic growth. But, Mr. Speaker, can we keep it? There are some alarming trends that we have to arrest, and that is that, unfortunately, entrepreneurship, that is, launching new businesses, recently hit a generational low. Companies that are going public—and 90 percent of the jobs that a company creates happen after they go public, IPOs, initial public offerings—they have been in a decline, a 20year decline, and they have reached a new low. If we look at what China is trying to do with their 2025 program, Mr. Speaker, and dominate the world in high tech and then we turn around and we see that China has over a third of the world’s IPOs, America—our decline is now down to 11 percent—has got to change. So thus, today, we are taking up the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, also known as the JOBS Act 3.0. What we are trying to do, Mr. Speaker, number one, we are doing it on a bipartisan basis, but we are trying to ensure that our entrepreneurs at least don’t face the challenge of having the capital they need to launch their companies, because, Mr. Speaker, when we have more small businesses that are launching new enterprises and going public and staying public, these are the Amazons and the Googles and the Microsofts of the future. So, again, Members on both sides of the aisle have come together because, historically, capital formation has been a bipartisan issue here. We have come together, Democrat and Republican, to make sure that these small 
businesses get this start. And we try to treat the whole capital formation ecosystem, from venture capital with the HALOS Act and helping accredited investors be able to bring their capital to the table, to early growth companies and how they have to handle the very expensive 404(b) SarbanesOxley provision, to the stages of companies going public, but once they go public, Mr. Speaker, the ability to stay public, and so we have a venture exchange bill to make sure that they can concentrate their liquidity in one area. So this is important. It is important to keep 3 percent economic growth. It is important that America’s garages have fewer old cars, more new startups. I want to thank Members on both sides of the aisle, but I especially want to thank the ranking member, the gentlewoman from California, working so strongly and fervently and on a good, bipartisan, cooperative basis to produce the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. Mr. Speaker, I expect that we can have a strong bipartisan vote on the floor, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is an example of true bipartisanship. I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING , the members of the Financial Services Committee, and the staff on both sides of the aisle for their work on this legislative package. S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, is evidence that Democrats and Republicans can come together to strengthen our Nation’s small businesses and entrepreneurs, bolster investor confidence, protect consumers, promote financial stability, and counter human and drug trafficking. S. 488 helps small businesses grow by encouraging capital formation and requires the Securities and Exchange Commission to consider unique issues facing rural small businesses and small investment advisers. When entrepreneurs are looking to retire, S. 488 allows them to easily sell their businesses. The bill also requires several rulemakings and studies to encourage small businesses to go public, including by protecting them from excessive underwriting fees. Main Street investors and consumers also benefit from S. 488. One provision, which I authored, cracks down on corporate insiders engaged in illegal insider trading. Democrats also led provisions to enhance disclosures about outsized insider voting power. The bill also creates a task force at the SEC to protect seniors and their financial best interests. Additionally, the bill helps nonprofits, like Habitat for Humanity, continue to extend affordable mortgages to lowincome families aspiring to the dream of homeownership. Thanks to Mr. ELLISON , the legislation enables millions of Americans with thin credit files to improve and build their credit by allowing alternative types of data, like the ontime payment of rent and utilities, to be included in their credit reports without preempting State law. S. 488 also improves financial stability. The bill directs regulators to improve the calculation for bank capital held to offset risk in the options and derivatives markets so that riskier products are covered by more capital. Finally, S. 488 strengthens our government’s efforts to stop drug and human trafficking by preventing criminals who engage in these unconscionable acts from accessing the financial system. There are several provisions that we did not reach bipartisan agreement on in time, including reforms to private offerings under regulation D that requires issuers to file disclosures before their first sell and after the termination of the offering. I am pleased that the chairman has offered to continue working on this and other issues with me, and I hope that the Senate has its own chance to make these and other changes. Throughout my work on this legislation, I insisted that nothing could be included that would weaken Dodd Frank’s financial reforms, harm consumers, or provide giveaways to Wall Street. Instead, building on the bipartisan work of the Financial Services Committee, S. 488 includes measures that will help small businesses grow and protect hardworking Americans who entrust their savings to the capital markets. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my colleagues for their strong bipartisan support on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the chairman of the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee, the real leader of this capital formation package on the Republican side of the aisle, and also the sponsor of two provisions of the bill: H.R. 477, the Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act, and H.R. 6139, the Improving Investment Research for Small and Emerging Issuers Act. b1530 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the opportunity to lead this effort. Mr. Speaker, the United States has the strongest, deepest, and most liquid markets in the world, which has helped hardworking Americans save for everything from college, to home ownership, to retirement. However, over time, our capital markets have become, frankly, less stable, less efficient, and less liquid due to the onesizefitsall securities regulations currently in place. In fact, small and midsized companies, which are the heartbeat of the American economy, are struggling the most because of this outdated regulatory structure. They have the most difficult time obtaining the necessary capital and financial resources needed in order to expand and create jobs because they are drowning in regulation and increased compliance costs. Although the bipartisan Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, JOBS Act, back from a few years ago was an important first step in helping appropriately tailor regulation and promote capital formation, particularly for the small and emerging growth companies, it is clear that Congress needs to do more. Today’s bill, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, is a compilation of 32 bipartisan bills that will promote capital formation and ensure that our regulatory structure is appropriately tailored to allow the free flow of capital, strengthen job creation, and increase economic growth. Mr. Speaker, our economy is finally starting to fire on all cylinders. With this reformminded legislation, we can further unleash American innovation, economic growth, and job creation while providing greater investment opportunities for Mr. and Mrs. 401(k). Today, we can deliver some very commonsense regulatory relief, while also providing an important layer of investor protections, and make our capital markets even more efficient. By voting in support of this important progrowth jobs package, we can open the door to innovation, enhance smallbusiness job creation, and increase opportunity for hardworking Americans in west Michigan and across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, and, again, I say thank you to the chairman, the ranking member, and my subcommittee chair as well for their work. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of our Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee, and the leading sponsor and Democratic cosponsor of several of the bills in this package. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, which will help in capital formation and help our economy grow. I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS for all their hard work on this bipartisan package, which reflects a great deal of work by all of us on the Financial Services Committee. In this package are 22 bills that came through the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee on 
which I serve with Chairman H UIZENGA  as ranking member, and I thank him for his leadership in pushing this through. This package includes one of my bills, the Family Office Technical Correction Act, which is a narrowly tailored solution that will allow family offices to better serve their clients. The bill would clarify that all family clients of a family office are sophisticated, accredited investors. This fixes a problem where, if just one family client of a family office isn’t an accredited investor, then the entire family office can’t buy any securities that are limited to accredited investors, like privately issued stocks or bonds. The package also includes several other bills that I strongly support, such as Mr. HIMES’ Middle Market IPO Underwriting Cost Act. This bill will require the SEC to study the costs associated with going public, and not just the regulatory costs that have been studied many times, but the much higher costs that are paid to the underwriters and other professionals when a company decides to go public. Ranking Member WATERS also has a bill in this package that would require the SEC to study and fix a glaring loophole in our insider trading laws, where company executives can take advantage of a safe harbor to buy and sell stock in their own company based on material, nonpublic information. Finally, the package includes a bill that would provide a badly needed update to the definition of a sophisticated accredited investor, which would allow people who can demonstrate that they are sophisticated in investment matters to qualify as an accredited investor. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bipartisan package. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who is the chairman of the House Small Business Committee and who has sponsored a very important provision in the package, H.R. 79, the Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and, Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018. Despite an improving economy, small businesses, entrepreneurs, and startups still face numerous challenges. One of the chief challenges that they face is access to capital, getting money. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I am pleased to say that we have worked together in a bipartisan manner to pass one piece of legislation that is contained in this, and we support the whole bill, but this one is the HALOS Act, or Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act. The HALOS Act would improve how investors and small businesses get together at events, called demo days, where the people who have the money and people who need the money can actually get together and streamline some of the problems that they now face. From my State of Ohio, to California, to New York State, all over the country, small businesses are the job creators. Seventy percent of the new jobs in America are created by small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING for working with the Small Business Committee and including the HALOS Act in this very important legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), a senior member of the Financial Services Committee and the leading Democratic cosponsor of several of the bills in this package. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member MAXINE WATERS for the excellent leadership she has provided in working with our chairman, JEBHENSARLING , in putting together this very good package. I also want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), my Republican colleague, and his staff for his leadership on what is title 8, the exchange regulatory improvement title, which mirrors the work that I did, as the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) mentioned, as the Democratic lead on H.R. 3555. Mr. Speaker, I want to also mention that we spent about a year working on this because it was so important that we give clarification and modernization to the term ‘‘facility.’’ That term dates all the way back to 1934. That is 84 years ago. So we needed to make some changes because of the fact that there are many business lines, such as emortgage registries, data analytics, and regulatory compliance software, that are obsolete now and have nothing to do with and are completely unrelated to the exchange’s core business, which is facilitating transactions. What my colleague Mr. LOUDERMILK  and I are simply trying to do is this: If there is a product or business that the exchange has that is totally unrelated to the transactions of the exchange, then that product should be exempt from SEC oversight. Our bill does this by simply asking the SEC, or Securities and Exchange Commission, to set forth the facts and the circumstances that it considers when determining whether a business line is, in fact, a facility. I want to make this final point, and I want to be crystal clear here. It is vitally important that the SEC retain oversight of the important exchange functions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. We ran out at 2 minutes there. But this is very important, because when you are making changes, you want to make clear that you are not taking away any important and critical oversight and authority from the SEC. So I want to make a point that we work hard to make sure that the SEC retains oversight of important exchange functions, such as those related to exchange market data, listing standards, member and market regulation, colocation, and order routing services. We, the drafters of the bill, do not take away any authority from the SEC. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), the chair of our Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, also the lead sponsor of an important provision in this package of bills, H.R. 5970, the Modernizing Disclosure for Investors Act. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, and I urge its immediate passage. This progrowth legislation is a continuation of the work that our committee has done over the last year. We are tailoring regulations for small and midsized companies while protecting investors by giving them the broadest of investment opportunities. I am especially happy to see my bill, the Modernizing Disclosures for Investors Act, included in this package. H.R. 5970 will go a long way in improving and simplifying disclosure requirements for small and emerging growth companies that, for years, have struggled with the size and the complexity of these quarterly financial reporting forms. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the chairman and the ranking member for their work to get this bipartisan bill to the floor. It was no small task. Again, I urge all Members to support this bipartisan legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES), a member of the Financial Services Committee, the chair of the New Democrat Coalition, and the author of one of the bills in this package that ensures companies aren’t paying excessive fees to go public. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I will start by thanking Chairman JEBHENSARLING  and Ranking Member MAXINE WATERS  for their great work on this bipartisan bill in which we stand up on both sides of the aisle today and urge our colleagues to vote for it. This has been a gratifying effort to watch around a terribly important purpose, which is trying to do all we can, without damaging the safety and soundness of our financial system, to make sure that young companies, the lifeblood of our economy, the source of opportunity for so many people, are given the opportunity to get started to pick up momentum and ultimately to provide the products and jobs that so benefit our communities. I am standing today, in particular, to highlight an element of this bill that I 
am very grateful was included, which is title 31. Title 31 would call for a study around one of the biggest expenses that young companies that are about to go public face. That is the cost of going public, the cost that is charged in the form of a growth spread and other costs associated with the act of going public. We want our companies trading on the public markets. It is a good source of capital. It is a good opportunity, in many instances, for investors and retail investors, in particular, to participate. Growth spreads in this country—that is, the fee for going public—have been remarkably constant over decades at 7 percent. That is a lot of money. For a $200 million IPO, which is not an atypical size, that is $14 million. That substantially exceeds the estimates that people make about what compliance with regulation costs. I have seen estimates for the cost of compliance between $1 million and $3 million a year. In a $200 million IPO, $14 million is a huge amount of money at a very sensitive moment in a company’s lifecycle. This study would simply look at it to see if there are things that we could do to make this market more efficient, perhaps achieve better pricing, perhaps make it easier and less costly for more companies to access the public markets. I stand in support of this bill, and urge its passage. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), the chair of our Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, and I thank the chairman for his leadership. If America wants to compete in the 21st century economy, then we need 21st century capital formation rules. b1545 Currently, many of the securities regulations governing startups and investors arise from 1930sera statutes. Because of this outdated legal architecture, the number of business startups is at a 40year low, and the number of companies going public is the lowest it has been in 20 years. The result is fewer highpaying jobs, less retirement security, slower capital formation, and weaker economic growth. Fortunately, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act modernizes our regulation of capital markets, enabling greater access to capital for small businesses and entrepreneurs. Coupled with historic tax cuts and major banking reform that was enacted into law earlier this year, this JOBS bill represents the next step in robust economic growth that will boost wages, unleash startup enterprises, and finance the future of American small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee and a leading Democratic cosponsor on several of the bills in this package. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member WATERS for yielding. I want to begin by recognizing the good work of the ranking member and the chairman and their staffs in compiling this capital formation package. I want to compliment the legislative skill shown by the ranking member and her staff in securing minority bills in this package, which I recognize involved a lot of give and take. We are a long ways from where this Chamber was a little over 13 months ago when we voted in a very partisan manner on the Financial CHOICE Act. I am proud to support this package which contains a number of priorities which I supported in committee and on the floor. I worked on two of these bills with my colleagues, Congressmen HILLand HULTGREN . While I know that there are many others who contributed to this package, I want to thank in particular Katelynn Bradley, Katy Strohmaier, and Lisa Peto of the ranking member’s staff for helping draft these amendments that led to unanimous support for these two bills in committee. First, the Options Markets Stability Act would direct the banking regulators to write rules to provide far more accurate circulations of counterparty credit risk for options and derivatives. Under the current exposure method used today, banks that centrally clear trades today on behalf of their clients must hold capital against the total notional value of any positions without regard for the way hedges offset risk. This bill directs the regulators to implement a framework that incentivizes central clearing of options and derivatives, which is a major part of our response in the DoddFrank bill that has provided financial stability for the last 8 years. The second bill is the Cooperate With Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act. This bill creates a safe harbor for financial institutions and money service businesses from the Bank Secrecy Act so long as they have a letter from law enforcement asking for a specific account to be kept open. Law enforcement agencies often send these letters so that they can follow the money and obtain crucial evidence in investigations. This bill will encourage bank cooperation with these letters which are otherwise optional because it eliminates a situation of technical noncompliance. Other provisions in this package will improve transparency in markets which drives investor demand from around the world. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Illinois an additional 20 seconds. Mr. FOSTER. Other provisions in this bill will simply make our capital markets work better. I applaud the bipartisanship of the ranking member and the chairman, and I look forward to further improvements in the regulatory landscape as our markets evolve. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), who is the vicechairman of our Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee. Mr. HULTGREN is the lead sponsor of two provisions of the bill, H.R. 5749, the Options Market Stability Act, and H.R. 6319, the Expanding Investment in Small Businesses Act. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank Chairman HENSARLING  and Ranking Member WATERS for their hard work in crafting this bipartisan package of bills. If enacted, this muchneeded legislation will deliver American small businesses and entrepreneurs improved access to capital, which we all know is the foundation for driving job creation and economic growth. I am pleased that two of my bills, which are very important to a number of stakeholders in Illinois, were included in this package. The Options Markets Stability Act will help maintain options for investors and support their ability to manage risk in volatile markets. The Expanding Investment in Small Businesses Act requires the SEC to study and provide a recommendation to Congress regarding the current limit on percentage of voting shares a diversified company may hold in a single issuer, which is currently discouraging funds from investing in small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this jobcreating legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 10
1⁄4minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Will the Speaker please check the minutes again? We have calculated differently, and we think I have 9 minutes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has reviewed the time, and the Chair states that the Chair’s announcement is correct. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I am sorry. What is the Chair saying about the time that I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has 7
1⁄4minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATER of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee and the leading author of a bill in this package. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018. This is a true bipartisan compromise, and I thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS for their leadership and willingness to work across the aisle. Mr. Speaker, every day I hear from Arizonans who are sick and tired of the dysfunction in Washington. Arizonans want Congress focused on job creation and national security, which is why this package includes three bills I helped introduce that create goodpaying jobs and fight drug cartels that threaten the safety of our border communities. First, I introduced the Fostering Innovation Act to deliver regulatory relief to cuttingedge biotech companies like HTG Molecular Diagnostics in Tucson that are hiring Arizonans into goodpaying jobs. Our bill cuts red tape to ensure HTG and other innovative biotech companies can expand their highwage workforces and develop lifesaving medical breakthroughs. I am also a cosponsor of the HALOS Act to help turn good Arizona ideas into successful Arizona startups. ASU’s SkySong Innovation Center is a startup incubator that helps these ideas and visions turn into companies and careers, and the HALOS Act cuts red tape to help Arizona startups access the capital they need to thrive. That means more goodpaying jobs all over our State. To protect Arizonans from violent drug cartels, I am an original cosponsor of the National Strategy to Combat the Financing of Transnational Criminal Organizations Act. This bill requires the administration to take a tough but smart step to combat drug and human trafficking, cybercrime, money laundering, and other issues that these criminals bring to our communities. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to work with anyone willing to get things done and deliver for Arizona. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), who is the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. Mr. DUFFY is the sponsor of a provision of this bill, H.R. 4537, the International Insurance Standards Act. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his great bipartisan work on this package in S. 488, as well as the ranking member, Ms. WATERS , for her bipartisanship. This is a package that takes the finer work, not just over the last 2 years, but work over the last 4 to 6 years of Chairman HENSARLING ’s leadership, puts them together where we have had Democrat, Republican, House, and Senate agreement on into a package that can hopefully make our markets and our economy work better. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for including in this package our international insurance standards bill. This is a bill that was on the floor last week. It passed with a unanimous vote, which was fantastic. What we are trying to do is basically make sure that we maintain in international agreements our State based model of insurance, that that doesn’t get undermined. If we are going to undermine Statebased insurance, it should come through this institution and not through an international agreement. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee who helped ensure that this bill cracks down on the use of digital currency in human trafficking. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan package brought to the floor today under the leadership of Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS . It is not every day the American people get to see bipartisanship in action, so it is important for Members today to highlight it when it does occur because it really should be the rule of the people’s House, not the exception. Technology and finance evolves by the hour in today’s world, and this bipartisan package will update our laws to better adapt to that reality while also encouraging the American entrepreneur to innovate and solve the problems of tomorrow. As a businesswoman, I understand that this package will help create the businesses of tomorrow and at the same time enhance transparency in today’s public markets while simultaneously combating the scourge of human trafficking. I am proud to have worked with my colleague from the other side of the aisle, Mr. ROYCE , to include language in this bill that requires the administration to more closely examine and create solutions for Congress to consider how human traffickers use emerging technologies and virtual currencies to launder money through the global banking system in hope of slowing the fastest growing crime in the world. My home State of Ohio ranks fourth in the country for human trafficking cases according to our State Attorney General’s office. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member again for allowing me the opportunity to push my bill. Working together is the only way we can end this inhumane practice. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), who is the vicechairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the House amendment to the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. This bill that was cosponsored with my good friend, KEITH ELLISON from Minnesota, is part of 32 combined bills. Our bill, the Credit Accuracy and Inclusion Act, will allow 100 million Americans to gain better access to credit. That is what this bill is all about. Just think about it: an individual now can take their rent payment, their car payment, and their utility payment and use that to apply toward increasing their better credit application to the credit reporting agencies. Mr. Speaker, I commend this bill. This is important for our economy, and it is important for the American people to be able to go out in the market and acquire what they need to acquire in homes and cars to build their own wealth. So I thank the leadership, I thank Mr. HENSARLING , and I thank Ms. WATERS for her leadership in this bill, and I commend them for this bipartisan effort. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER ), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee and author of one of the bills in this package. Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. This important bipartisan package includes my Senior Security Act which seeks to protect seniors from financial scammers and help them save for retirement. I am committed to helping seniors keep their hardearned money for retirement so they can afford to stay in New Jersey and enjoy their lives and times with their kids and grandkids. We need to protect Social Security and Medicare, cut taxes, and cut costs for our seniors. We need to do so by working with both sides of the aisle, with Democrats and Republicans. For decades, the Greatest Generation has supported their families and communities, making America the greatest country in the world. Now we need to commit to fighting for them by stopping financial predators from scamming seniors out of their savings. Older Americans are criminally defrauded of $13 billion annually, in most cases by friends, family members, or caregivers. With more than 10,000 Americans turning 65 every day through 2030, we can’t afford this any longer. The Senior Security Act will identify problems that seniors face while saving, making recommendations to Congress to help seniors save their hard earned money. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS for their bipartisan work on this package of Financial Services bills. I also want to thank Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH and Congresswoman SINEMA for helping colead the Senior Security Act, working hard to strike a bipartisan compromise. Together we work to protect seniors from malicious scammers and ensure our seniors have the savings they need and deserve in their golden years. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. b1600 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of our Financial Institutions Subcommittee, who is also the lead Republican sponsor of one of the bills in the package, H.R. 6069, the Fight Illicit Networks and Detect Trafficking Act. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS , as well as members of the Financial Services Committee from both parties, for this important bipartisan piece of legislation. Small and emerging businesses drive our economy, create jobs for American workers, and are at the forefront of technological change. We need to create the conditions where these ventures can access the capital they need to grow. This legislation builds upon the successes of the JOBS Act and JOBS 2.0. The JOBS and Investor Confidence Act includes reforms that will make it easier for the next Microsoft or Amazon or the developer of the next lifesaving treatment to get off the ground. When coupled with the progrowth provisions of a revamped Tax Code, especially the Opportunity Zones program, this will bring capital to marginalized areas and create opportunity for all. This package includes an important and, again, bipartisan bill that Congressman VARGAS and I introduced. The FIND Trafficking Act directs the Comptroller of the Currency to study how virtual currencies and online marketplaces can be misused by bad actors to trade in illicit goods or facilitate human trafficking. I thank the chairman for including this bill in the package. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the passage of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ), a senior Democrat on the committee and the lead sponsor of the bill. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to applaud the chair and the ranking member for a tour de force of bipartisanship: 32 bipartisan bills with near unanimous support in our committee, all put together in one outstanding package. I want to thank them both for including in this the BUILD Act, introduced by Mr. LOUDERMILK and me. This bill will help Habitat for Humanity and similar organizations. It says that when they provide a zero percent loan, they can use the old disclosure forms or the new disclosure forms, whichever is easiest for them and whichever they have the software to produce. This bill is supported by Habitat for Humanity International and the National Housing Conference. It passed our committee with a unanimous 53–0 recorded vote. I want to thank both the chairman and the ranking member for including this legislation in an excellent package, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, which is comprised of 32 pieces of legislation that have passed the committee or the House this Congress with wide bipartisan support. As a small business owner, I know how suffocating Big Government can be for the little guy. The fact is small businesses makes up 90 percent of American companies and employ almost half of our workforce. We need to fight for them. In order for the United States to compete with the global market, we must continue to sustain longterm economic growth, and that starts with the passage of the JOBS and Investors Confidence Act of 2018. I am proud to join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in support of this bipartisan legislation, and I am looking forward to the Senate passing this package quickly. Quite simply, business is good. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), the majority whip of the committee and also the lead sponsor of H.R. 5783, the Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act, and who worked, also, extensively on H.R. 1585, the Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, a hardy congratulations to Chairman HENSARLING  and the ranking member for this exceptional package, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. I support it, and I urge my colleagues to support it as well. This important bill includes H.R. 1585, a bill that I worked on with my friends from Arizona, Ms. SINEMA and Mr. SCHWEIKERT , and a bill also supported and helped by Mrs. MALONEY of New York. I would like to highlight title IV. This bill expands the accredited investor definition by recognizing the ability to participate in a private offering should not be based solely on an asset or an income test, but that individuals who have the sophistication should also be able to participate. I have spent much of my career helping small companies obtain funding, helping them do private placements under regulation D. This has been a long time in coming. It is a matter of basic fairness, which will provide greater investment opportunities for more Americans and help our businesses grow and invest their capital faster. I encourage all my colleagues to support this good measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), who is the lead sponsor of a very important provision in the package, H.R. 5877, the Main Street Growth Act. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018. Terms like ‘‘capital formation,’’ ‘‘liquidity,’’ and ‘‘qualified investor’’ may sound like Washington jargon. In reality, they represent a few of the many important building blocks that drive our markets and create jobs and opportunity around our country. On the heels of the largest regulatory relief effort in nearly a decade, the JOBS Act 3.0 will breathe new light into the entrepreneurial spirit that makes our country so special. This package of nonpartisan reforms includes several policy changes to help small businesses and startups access the most liquid and vibrant markets in the world, including the text of our Main Street Growth Act, which the House unanimously adopted last week. I appreciate the efforts of the chairman and the ranking member to bring this significant legislation to the floor, and I encourage all of my colleagues to support the continued growth of our economy and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the JOBS Act 3.0. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), who is the lead sponsor of two provisions in the package: H.R. 3555, the Exchange Regulatory Improvement Act, and H.R. 5953, the earlier referenced BUILD Act. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Chairman HENSARLING for not only working on this bill, but working to include these two important provisions as part of this 32bill strong, bipartisan package we are bringing forward today. This is going to go a long way for small business as well as consumers in this Nation. I also want to thank Mr. MEEKS and Mr. SCOTT for working with me on the Exchange Regulatory Improvement Act, which passed the Financial Services Committee unanimously, and also Mr. SHERMAN for working with me on the BUILD Act, which also passed the committee unanimously. I appreciate the bipartisan work we have seen come together on this bill, 
and I want to echo my strong support with all of my colleagues in support of this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD), the lead sponsor of one of the provisions in the bill, H.R. 3903, the Encouraging Public Offerings Act. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan JOBS and Investor Confidence Act, and I appreciate Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership on this capital formation package. I want to highlight my own bill included in this package, H.R. 3903, the Encouraging Public Offerings Act, which allows issuers to submit to the SEC for confidential review, before publicly filing, draft registration statements for IPOs. H.R. 3903 will reduce the risk to companies that are contemplating going public in order to make listing on exchanges more attractive, which, in the end, will only strengthen America’s financial markets. Mr. Speaker, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act will make it easier for startups and small businesses in my district to attract the investments they need to go public, to grow, and to create more jobs. I am proud to support it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield myself the remainder of my time to close. I once again thank my colleagues for their outstanding bipartisan work on this carefully crafted bipartisan legislation. S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, is an example of Members on both sides of the aisle working together to support our Nation’s small businesses and investors. S. 488 facilitates access to capital for small businesses, increases protections for consumers and investors, fights the scourge of drug and human trafficking, and promotes financial stability. S. 488 is supported by institutional investors, angel investors, venture capitalists, biotech companies, credit unions, small businesses, entrepreneurs, and exchanges. This bill will help entrepreneurs, small businesses, and investors to thrive in our economy. Finally, I would like to thank Mr. HENSARLING for his foresight in knowing that this was possible because both sides of the aisle really support small businesses. It was Mr. HENSARLING who said: Given that we do both support small businesses, why can’t we come together around a package where we have already shown our support on individual bills either in committee or on the floor and put it all together? He did that. He provided that leadership. I joined with him. Our staffs are to be congratulated because they worked very hard on both sides of the aisle to work out any concerns that we may have, any differences that we may have. They did a magnificent job, and they are responsible for helping us to understand what certainly is and was possible. So despite this, if I may say, there are many onlookers who never thought this could happen. There are many pundits, those who come from special interests, those who come from right here in the House on both sides of the aisle, who are still questioning. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I had one inquiry from one of the magazines, I believe it was, who said: Tell me what happened in the background, what was really going on. How did this all come together? I want the gentleman from Texas to know I told him it is none of his business. It really happened, and we are pleased about it. We worked very hard on that. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HENSARLING  and all of the members who worked so hard to make this happen, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Indeed, Mr. Speaker, some would say the ranking member and I can’t agree even on the time of day. I was told when this debate started that thunderstorms came over Washington, D.C., it was that monumental of an achievement. But in seriousness, I do want to offer my thanks and my gratitude to the ranking member. She and her staff worked very constructively with us on this bill and the preceding important bill, the CFIUS reform, which we are still trying to work out our differences on with the Senate. But, long story short, we came together. This is going to be an important day for small business. It is an important day for 3 percent economic growth, which is so important to American families. I, too, want to echo how important the work of our staffs is. Particularly on the majority side, I wish to thank Kevin Edgar and Fritz Vaughan and their staff for their contribution. This is going to make a difference, ultimately, because small businesses one day become big businesses. This will make a difference in economic growth for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1615 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 488, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DEFENDING ECONOMIC LIVELIHOODS AND THREATENED ANIMALS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4819) to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4819 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defending Economic Livelihoods and Threatened Animals Act’’ or the ‘‘DELTA Act’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The greater Okavango River Basin, which ranges from the highland plateau of Angola to northeastern Namibia and northern Botswana, and also provides critical natural resources that sustain wildlife in Zambia and Zimbabwe, is the largest freshwater watershed in southern Africa. (2) The greater Okavango River Basin is the main source of water and livelihoods for over 1,000,000 people, and the effective management and protection of this critical watershed will help advance important conservation and economic growth objectives for Angola, Botswana, Namibia, local communities, and the broader region. (3) The greater Okavango River Basin is home to the largest remaining elephant population in the world, as well as other threatened wildlife species. (4) Poaching and trafficking of threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin has increased in recent years, and has the potential to undermine regional stability by disrupting local governance and management of resources, and supplanting key economic opportunities for community members. (5) Governments in the region have taken important steps to coordinate through existing conservation frameworks to combat trafficking, ensure responsible resource management, support local livelihoods, and protect threatened wildlife species. 
It is the sense of Congress that it is in the interest of the United States to engage, as 
appropriate, with the Governments of Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and neighboring countries, and in partnership with donors, regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, local communities, and the private sector, to advance conservation efforts and promote economic growth and stability in the greater Okavango River Basin and neighboring watersheds and conservation areas. 
It is the policy of the United States to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve water and natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin and neighboring watersheds and conservation areas. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall seek, as appropriate, to work with the Governments of Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and neighboring countries, and in partnership with donors, regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, local communities, and the private sector, to develop a strategy to— (1) create and advance a cooperative framework to promote responsible natural resource, water, and wildlife management practices in the greater Okavango River Basin; (2) protect traditional migration routes of elephants and other threatened wildlife species; (3) combat wildlife poaching and trafficking; (4) address human health and development needs of local communities; and (5) catalyze economic growth in such countries and across the broader region. (b) ELEMENTS .—The strategy established pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) promote cooperative and responsible water, natural resource, and wildlife management policies and practices within and among the countries of Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, with a particular focus on the greater Okavango River Basin and the critical headwaters located in Angola; (2) protect and restore wildlife habitats and traditional migratory patterns of elephants and other threatened species; (3) combat wildlife poaching and trafficking in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and those areas of Zambia and Zimbabwe that border Angola, Botswana, or Namibia, including within regional and national parks and reserves, by building the capacity of the governments of such countries, local law enforcement, community leaders, and park rangers to detect, disrupt, and prosecute poachers and traffickers; (4) promote conservation as a foundation for inclusive economic growth and development within a comprehensive assistance strategy that places Angola, Botswana, and Namibia on a trajectory toward graduation from the need for United States foreign assistance; (5) identify opportunities and mechanisms to leverage regional organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and publicprivate partnerships to contribute to support the implementation of the strategy; (6) establish monitoring and evaluation mechanisms, including measurable goals, objectives, and benchmarks of success, that are included in grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements to ensure the effective use of United States foreign assistance; and (7) coordinate with and build the capacity of regional conservation frameworks in order to advance regional conservation objectives. SEC. 6. UNITED STATES SUPPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, are authorized to prioritize and advance ongoing efforts to— (1) promote inclusive economic growth and development through responsible water and natural resource management and wildlife protection activities in the greater Okavango River Basin; (2) provide technical assistance to governments and local communities in Angola, Botswana, and Namibia to create a policyenabling environment for such responsible water and natural resource management and wildlife protection activities; and (3) build the capacity of local law enforcement, park rangers, and community leaders to combat wildlife poaching and trafficking. (b) COORDINATION AND INTEGRATION WITH REGIONAL CONSERVATION FRAMEWORKS .—The Secretary and the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall coordinate assistance provided by Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, and such other relevant Federal agencies with existing regional conservation frameworks in order to ensure regional integration of conservation, wildlife trafficking, and water management initiatives, to prevent duplication of efforts, and to advance regional conservation objectives. (c) COORDINATION WITHPRIVATE SECTOR .— The Secretary and the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, are authorized to work with the private sector and nongovernmental organizations to leverage public and private capital to promote responsible resource management, combat wildlife poaching and trafficking, and support inclusive economic growth and local livelihoods in the greater Okavango River Basin. (d) MONITORING AND EVALUATION .—The Sec retary and the Administrator shall establish monitoring and evaluation mechanisms, to include measurable goals, objectives, and benchmarks, to ensure the effective use of United States foreign assistance to achieve the objectives of this section. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this Act. (b) MATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include a description of the strategy required by section 5, including— (1) the monitoring and evaluation plans and indicators used to measure performance under the strategy; (2) any legislative impediments to meeting the objectives of such strategy; (3) the extent to which Angola, Botswana, and Namibia have demonstrated a commitment and willingness to cooperate to advance efforts described in section 5(b); (4) progress made to date in meeting the objectives of such strategy; (5) efforts to coordinate, deconflict, and streamline conservation programs in order to maximize resource effectiveness; (6) the extent to which Angola, Botswana, and Namibia and other government in the region are investing resources to advance conservation initiatives; and (7) the extent to which other funding sources, including through private sector investment and other investment by Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, have been identified to advance conservation initiatives. SEC. 8. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of State. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Okavango Delta supports the economic livelihood of a million people in that region. It is in a desert, but the Okavango River flows into that desert and makes a home to the largest remaining population of elephants in the world. This ecosystem spans three countries. It starts in the highlands of Angola, and it flows through Namibia and Botswana. Like other regions across Africa, there is a challenge here in the poaching and trafficking of threatened species in the delta. That poaching of elephant, black rhino, and hippo is increasing. I have seen firsthand the devastating impact of poachers and organized criminal networks across the continent. Wildlife trafficking and profits from poaching provide a key funding source for international criminal networks and for terrorists. These deadly groups undermine regional stability. They spread violence. They disrupt local governance. They have a devastating impact on the economic opportunities for members of the community. This legislation provided by our good friend here, Mr. FORTENBERRY , H.R. 4819, is the Defending Economic Livelihoods and Threatened Animals Act of 2018. This DELTA Act is an opportunity to be proactive and protect this part of the world before it is too late. It strengthens coordination among the Governments of the United States and Angola, Botswana, and Namibia to address these poaching threats and to support local communities in this greater Okavango River Basin. 
A few months ago, I led a bipartisan delegation to the region, and I saw the critical need for these countries to work together to preserve and protect this magnificent landscape. I had not been in Angola since the beginning of that war, and to go back to see Angola today and have an opportunity to meet with the chairman of the committee responsible for conservation there—she is, in fact, herself a park ranger—and to see how Angola has emerged from years of civil war and unrest and is now looking to the international community for partnership and for support is heartening. With Angola’s immense natural resources, we are already seeing, unfortunately, foreign governments—for example, Beijing—pushing unwise development that threatens to siphon off this critical water source. Obviously, to siphon off this water source, it would devastate the river basin. This is why we must act now to protect the animals and communities that call the region home. Animals and poachers, of course, know no boundaries. The water doesn’t know any boundaries. In order for conservation efforts to be successful, we must take a transboundary approach. I was proud to be the author of the Congo Basin Forest Partnership Act some years ago. I think it was in 2004 that it was passed. We saw how increased coordination across national borders can be successful in protecting critical landscapes and combating poaching threats. This DELTA Act looks to build on these proven successes, which have set up national parks now in seven landscapes across Africa. This legislation strengthens the coordination among the Governments, as I said, of the United States, Angola, Botswana, and Namibia. It does that by leveraging partnerships with the private sector, with nongovernment organizations, and with regional bodies. It prioritizes wildlife trafficking and antipoaching programs in this greater Okavango River Basin. And it promotes responsible economic growth for local communities through responsible natural resource management. Again, I thank the bill’s author, Representative FORTENBERRY , and our fellow cochairs of the House International Conservation Caucus, Representatives MCCOLLUM and C UELLAR , for their leadership and steadfast efforts to keep conservation and anti poaching efforts alive here in Congress and to help us drive these efforts. I want to thank Ranking Member ENGEL and, of course, from New York, JOECROWLEY , for their work on this legislation. It is deeply appreciated, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4819, the DELTA Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) for his initiative in putting forward this legislation to help protect one of Africa’s most important ecosystems. I am pleased to cosponsor this measure. I also want to commend Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their leadership on international conservation issues, particularly the fight against wildlife trafficking. The Okavango River Basin in Angola, Botswana, and Namibia supports an amazing array of wildlife, including the largest remaining concentration of elephants in Africa. It is also home to more than a million people. The DELTA Act requires the development of a strategy to encourage sustainable management of natural resources in the river basin, including the protection of wildlife. This strategy will require input from a wide range of stakeholders, including national governments, local communities, nongovernmental organizations, and the private sector. The goal is to support economic development for the residents of the region while preserving unique ecosystems and protecting wildlife. The DELTA Act has the support of key conservation organizations, including the World Wildlife Fund and the Wildlife Conservation Society. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this bipartisan legislation, which passed our committee by unanimous voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ), a member of the Committee on Appropriations and the author of this landmark legislation. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my remarks, let me thank Chairman ROYCE , chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, for his extraordinary leadership, not only on this bill, but on a whole array of conservation and security initiatives. I thank the gentleman for his chairmanship and for his long service in Congress. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Ranking Member ENGEL for his support of this legislation and Congressman SHERMAN  for his kind and generous remarks. They are very much appreciated. Mr. Speaker, the greater Okavango River Basin is the largest freshwater wetland in southern Africa. Not only is it the main source of water and livelihood for more than 1 million people, as we have heard, it is home to the largest remaining elephant population in the entire world. The pathway for habitat along the threecountry waterway is essential for sustaining this majestic animal and other species. As a creative approach to conservation, to foster an ecosystem of wellbeing for communities and for the purpose of international stability and security, as so well stated by Chairman ROYCE , given the scourge of wildlife trafficking and the nexus that it creates to terrorist network financing, we introduced this bipartisan bill, a transnational conservation initiative linking the natural habitat of the three nations, Angola, Namibia, and Botswana, to ensure the survival of this pristine ecosystem that is essential for the future of conservation, species, as well as the communities and people who live there. When we consider past conflicts that existed in parts of this region, it is truly heartwarming to work with the leaders of these countries to support their vision for the flourishing of animals and people, for the sake of the environment, and for the sake of their economies. This is imaginative foreign policy. It moves us from a singular, traditional type of solution to addressing challenges in a comprehensive, multinational, multisectoral strategy that mirrors the complexity of nature itself, beyond humandefined borders. This bill is a unique opportunity to help save and enhance one of the most beautiful and delicate ecosystems in the entire world before other international actors ruin it. As a cochair of the International Conservation Caucus with Chairman ROYCE and with my good friends Congressman CUELLAR from Texas and Congresswoman MCCOLLUM from Minnesota, I am very grateful for their hard work to help ensure the proper stewardship of natural resources in our own great country, as well as around the world. This bill offers the opportunity to continue to build authentic relations with the countries of Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, as well as local communities and the private sector, to develop effective strategies to promote sustainable resource management, combat wildlife trafficking, and stimulate economic regeneration in this part of the world. Mr. Speaker, again, I greatly appreciate Chairman ROYCE ’s cosponsorship, active support, and leadership in moving the DELTA Act through the committee, and I urge my colleagues to support this innovative, imaginative, and important initiative. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ). Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. SHERMAN for yielding and for the leadership that he has provided on this issue. Certainly, I want to thank the chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from California, Mr. EDROYCE , who has been working on this issue for so many years. I want to thank him and the ranking member of the committee, Mr. ENGEL , for all of the work that they have done. In particular, I want to thank my co chair, Mr. FORTENBERRY , for his leadership. I remember talking about this particular bill at the very beginning, and here we are about to pass very important legislation. Certainly, I want 
to join Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. E D ROYCE , Mr. E NGEL , myself, Ms. M CCOLLUM, and the rest of the cosponsors on this bipartisan bill that promotes sustainable economic development, combats wildlife trafficking in Africa’s critical Okavango River Basin, which supports more than a million people in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and which is home to several threatened wildlife species, including the largest remaining elephant population in the world. b1630 Today, that region is at a near breaking point due to the not very well thought of development activities, and we have got to make sure that we act together. Specifically, this bill will protect the vital Okavango River Basin by strengthening coordination between the United States, Angola, Botswana, and Namibia, and leveraging partnerships with the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and regional bodies; prioritizing wildlife trafficking to make sure that we stop these poaching programs that have really affected this particular area; promoting sustainable economic growth for local communities through responsible natural resource management; and, more importantly, helping to stop the extinction of these majestic animals, these elephants and other endangered species. So it is important that we all work together as lawmakers in a bipartisan way and also partner with nations to build international political support for sustainable development while protecting the world’s most sensitive ecosystems. In today’s global community, it is crucial that we assist our international partners and make sure that we find a better way to protect our world. In conclusion, I would say that we only have one world to live in. It is up to us to ensure that we promote sustainable development so our children and grandchildren have a better world to live in. I want to thank the International Conservation Caucus Foundation, my colleagues, our cochairs, and all of the Members on both sides that have worked so hard for this bipartisan support of this particular bill. So I thank my Members and colleagues for bringing this important matter to the U.S. Congress’ attention, and I urge the support of this bill. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to reiterate the importance of conservation in combating the scourge of wildlife trafficking around the world. This bill reaffirms our commitment to these goals and will result in a strategy to encourage sustainable management of natural resources in the Okavango River Basin located in Angola, Botswana, and Namibia. I thank Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. CUELLAR , and, of course, Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their work. This bill passed our committee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote. I strongly support it, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the greater Okavango River Basin is home to the largest remaining elephant population on this planet, but like other regions across Africa, we know that poaching and trafficking of threatened species is increasing. We know that greater transboundary cooperation is essential to protect the basin in order to combat poaching threats and, obviously, to encourage the responsible management of water resources. The U.S. currently supports programs in Africa to combat poaching threats and promote economic growth, but greater coordination and diplomatic engagement with these governments, these governments working together to streamline these programs and galvanize support from partner countries also in the region, is essential. We do this not only to protect these threatened species, but also because it is in our national security interest to do so. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4819, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ELIE WIESEL GENOCIDE AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3030) to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3030 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States affirms the critical importance of strengthening the United States Government’s efforts at atrocity prevention and response through interagency coordination such as the Atrocities Prevention Board (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Board’’) or successor entity. In carrying out the work of the Board or successor entity, appropriate officials of the United States Government should— (1) meet regularly to monitor developments throughout the world that heighten the risk of atrocities; (2) identify any gaps in United States foreign policy concerning regions or particular countries related to atrocity prevention and response; (3) facilitate the development and implementation of policies to enhance the capacity of the United States to prevent and respond to atrocities worldwide; (4) provide the President with recommendations to improve policies, programs, resources, and tools related to atrocity prevention and response; (5) conduct outreach, including consultations, not less frequently than biannually, with representatives of nongovernmental organizations and civil society dedicated to atrocity prevention and response; (6) operate with regular consultation and participation of designated interagency representatives of relevant Federal agencies, executive departments, or offices; and (7) ensure funds are made available for the policies, programs, resources, and tools related to atrocity prevention and response, including through mechanisms such as the Complex Crises Fund or other related accounts. SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) regard the prevention of genocide and other atrocities as in its national security interests; (2) mitigate threats to United States security by addressing the root causes of insecurity and violent conflict to prevent— (A) the mass slaughter of civilians; (B) conditions that prompt internal displacement and the flow of refugees across borders; and (C) other violence that wreaks havoc on regional stability and livelihoods; (3) enhance the capacity of the United States to identify, prevent, address, and respond to the drivers of atrocities and violent conflict as part of the United States’ humanitarian, development, and strategic interests; and (4) pursue a Governmentwide strategy to prevent and respond to the risk of genocide and other atrocities by— (A) strengthening the diplomatic, risk analysis and monitoring, strategic planning, early warning, and response capacities of the Government; (B) improving the use of foreign assistance to respond early, effectively, and urgently in order to address the root causes and drivers of violence, and systemic patterns of human rights abuses and atrocities; (C) strengthening diplomatic response and the use of foreign assistance to support transitional justice measures, including criminal accountability, for past atrocities; (D) supporting and strengthening local civil society, including human rights defenders and others working to help prevent and respond to atrocities, and protecting their ability to receive support from and partner with civil society at large; (E) promoting financial transparency and enhancing anticorruption initiatives as part of addressing a root cause of insecurity; and (F) employing a variety of unilateral, bilateral, and multilateral means to prevent and respond to conflicts and atrocities by— 
(i) placing a high priority on timely, preventive diplomatic efforts; and (ii) exercising a leadership role in promoting international efforts to end crises peacefully. 
SEC. 4. TRAINING OF FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS IN CONFLICT AND ATROCITIES PREVENTION. 
Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4028) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) instruction on recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of potential atrocities or violence, including gender based violence, and methods of conflict assessment, peacebuilding, mediation for prevention, early action and response, and transitional justice measures to address atrocities.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘peacebuilding’ means nonviolent activities designed to prevent conflict through— ‘‘(1) addressing root causes of violence; ‘‘(2) promoting sustainable peace; ‘‘(3) delegitimizing violence as a dispute resolution strategy; ‘‘(4) building capacity within society to peacefully manage disputes, including the capacity of governments to address citizen grievances; and ‘‘(5) reducing vulnerability to triggers that may spark violence.’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the following six years, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report, with a classified annex if necessary, that includes— (1) a review, in consultation with appropriate interagency representatives, consisting of a detailed description of— (A) current efforts based on United States and locally identified indicators, including capacities and constraints for Government wide detection, early warning and response, informationsharing, contingency planning, and coordination of efforts to prevent and respond to situations of genocide and atrocities and other mass violence, such as genderbased violence and violence against religious minorities; (B) recommendations to further strengthen United States capabilities described in subparagraph (A); (C) funding expended by relevant Federal departments and agencies on atrocities prevention activities, including transitional justice measures and the legal, procedural, and resource constraints faced by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development throughout respective budgeting, strategic planning, and management cycles to support conflict and atrocities prevention activities in countries identified to be at risk of atrocities; (D) current annual Government global assessments of sources of instability, conflict, and atrocities, the outcomes and findings of such assessments, and, where relevant, a review of activities, and the efficacy of such activities, that the Atrocities Prevention Board or successor entity undertook to respond to sources of instability, conflict, and atrocities; (E) consideration of analysis, reporting, and policy recommendations to prevent and respond to atrocities produced by civil society, academic, and other nongovernmental organizations and institutions; (F) countries and regions at risk of atrocities, including a description of most likely pathways to violence, specific risk factors, potential groups of perpetrators, and atrisk target groups; and (G) instruction on recognizing patterns of escalation and early warning signs of potential atrocities and methods of conflict assessment, peacebuilding, mediation for prevention, early action and response, and transitional justice measures to address atrocities in the Federal training programs for Foreign Service officers; (2) recommendations to ensure shared responsibility by— (A) enhancing multilateral mechanisms for preventing atrocities, including strengthening the role of international organizations and international financial institutions in conflict prevention, mitigation, and response; and (B) strengthening regional organizations; (3) implementation status of the recommendations contained in such review; and (4) identification of the Federal departments and agencies and civil society, academic, and nongovernmental organizations and institutions consulted for preparation of such report. SEC. 6. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘genocide’’ means an offense under subsection (a) of section 1091 of title 18, United States Code, or any substantially similar conduct. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it was over 60 years ago that free people around the world pledged to never again stand by in silence as oppressed people are annihilated in a genocide. Unfortunately, since then, we have witnessed mass atrocities and genocide in places such as Bosnia, the Rwandan genocide, Cambodia, Burma, and in the ISIS strongholds in Syria and in Iraq. The United States has often been a leader in responding to these and other humanitarian crises—not soon enough, in many cases. However, there is more, obviously, that can be done, and U.S. efforts have been largely reactive and disjointed, with little transparency or oversight. This bill is the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. It would correct these deficiencies. This act would require an annual report of administration actions to prevent and respond to potential genocides and mass atrocities, and it would mandate the identification of countries that are at risk of such crimes against humanity. This act also requires that all Foreign Service officers, who often are at the forefront of U.S. efforts to address atrocities ever since our Ambassador in Armenia was the first to sound the alarm on the Armenian genocide, be trained to deal with early warning signs, conflict assessment, mediation, and other responses. All of this will better enable our government to develop a coordinated response as a crisis is developing and, ultimately, to save lives. With its name, this bill honors the legacy of Holocaust survivor and Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel, and it furthers our commitment to his call, for it was his call for ‘‘never again’’—never again by strengthening the U.S. Government’s coordination on efforts to prevent, mitigate, and respond to genocide and other mass atrocities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , July 17, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On June 22, 2018, H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 was referred to the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (the Committee). In order to expedite the House’s consideration of the measure, the Committee will forgo consideration of the measure. This courtesy is conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the legislation or any similar measure, nor will this waiver inhibit the Committee’s ability to address issues of concern going forward. I appreciate your support to the appointment of Members from the Committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I also appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. DEVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this measure or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to 
seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3030 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, this bill passed our committee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote. It is named for Elie Wiesel, the Holocaust survivor and author who spent decades leading the fight to bring Nazis to justice. First, I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri, Ambassador WAGNER , and the chairman of the Democratic Caucus, the gentleman from New York, JOE CROWLEY , for their work in bringing forward this very important bill that improves our capacity to prevent and respond to genocides and mass atrocities. I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this legislation. Millions of innocent civilians have died in mass atrocities and genocides. I would like to take just a second to remind everyone of a few of these tragedies: The first genocide of the 20th century, the Armenian genocide, which killed approximately 1.5 million people; The Holocaust, from 1933 to 1945, more than 9 million people were killed, including over 6 million Jews; Cambodia in 1975, which saw the slaying of 2 million people; Rwanda in 1990, which saw the deaths of 800,000 in just 100 days; and Sudan, Darfur, and the tragedy there. Tragedies and crises like this are not just in the past. Today, we are witnessing mass killings of innocent people in many places around the globe. In Burma, the military has inflicted horrific violence against the Rohingya people. Thousands have been killed. This is ethnic cleansing, and it appears on the verge of genocide. Now, 700,000 refugees have been pushed into Bangladesh, 80 percent of them are women and children. And as I mentioned, in Darfur, some 300,000 are dead, 3 million displaced. This measure gives us the tools to detect the warning signs of a mass atrocity or genocide so that we can respond quickly and improves interagency coordination. Overall, this measure will make our government better equipped to handle the growing threats of genocide and crimes against humanity. This is a good bill. The prevention of genocide and mass atrocity should be a core objective of our Nation’s national security and foreign policy missions. The bill passed, as I said before, our committee by a unanimous bipartisan voice vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), who is the author of this legislation. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. I introduced this bill to improve U.S. efforts to prevent mass atrocity crimes. The legislation honors the legacy of Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel and his life’s work to fight evil around the world. Mr. Wiesel was just 15 years old when the Nazis deported him and his family to Auschwitz. Having witnessed the near total destruction of his people, he spent his life defending the persecuted. As Mr. Wiesel understood so well, the true horror of genocide is that it is preventable. We are haunted by repeated failures and missed opportunities to end these tragedies before they begin. There is more the United States can and must do to help vulnerable communities and persecuted people around the world. The reality is that good intentions and platitudes like ‘‘never again’’ have not prevented the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians at the hands of the Assad regime nor the ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya Muslims in Burma. When I introduced this legislation, I thought of the Bosnian community in St. Louis, my hometown. This community has shaped what St. Louis looks and feels like. It has added great cultural diversity to the city, immense intellectual capital, thriving small businesses, and a strong religious presence. Two decades ago, members of our Bosnian community were refugees. In 1995, Orthodox Serbs, under the command of General Ratko Mladic, initiated a horrific ethnic cleansing campaign against majorityMuslim Bosniaks. The bloodshed forced 130,000 Bosnian refugees to seek new lives in the United States. It is fitting that today we remember the victims of the Bosnian genocide just a few days after its 23rd anniversary. I am continually amazed by the resilience of our Bosnian neighbors. Their courage has inspired me to seek change. The Elie Wiesel Act expresses Congress’ strong support for better utilization of existing resources, particularly the Atrocities Prevention Board, which is dedicated to coordinating U.S. atrocity prevention and response, and the Complex Crises Fund, which supports agile, efficient responses to unforeseen crises overseas. Additionally, we require the administration to evaluate existing prevention efforts, report on countries at risk of genocide and mass atrocity crimes, and recommend concrete improvements to our early warning systems. The bill also mandates that U.S. Foreign Service officers are trained in atrocities recognition and response. Should this bill become law, America’s diplomats will be better equipped to act before violence spirals out of control. The Elie Wiesel Act establishes that it is the official policy of the United States to regard atrocities prevention as a core national security interest and to address root causes of conflict through our humanitarian, development, and strategic endeavors. Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker, genocide is preventable. The United States is the global leader in genocide and atrocities response, but we must shift our attention towards prevention so that no one ever becomes a victim in the first place. b1645 H.R. 3030 is an important first step. I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) for his cooperation on this piece of bipartisan legislation, and I urge its support. Mr. SHERMAN. I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) an original cosponsor of the bill. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act. I thank my good friend, the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ROYCE , and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support in bringing this important legislation to the floor today. I also appreciate the work of Ambassador WAGNER on this measure, and I am proud to be a cosponsor and the lead Democrat on this bill with Congresswoman WAGNER . Standing up against genocide and mass atrocities is a critical responsibility for the United States. There is no other country in the world that can hold other nations accountable but the United States. No other country can do it like we can—not France, not Germany, not Great Britain, certainly not China, especially not Russia. No other country in history has had the moral suasion of the United States. Many of us are concerned about what is happening to our country right now and our positioning in being able to push back against atrocities and human rights violations around the world. I would be remiss if I didn’t mention a concern for what took place yesterday in Helsinki as an example of a growing concern of our ability to hold and to sway moral convictions on these issues. But it is a responsibility that is important to our country and, more importantly, it is a responsibility that is important to our world. If you walk down Independence Avenue and to the Holocaust Memorial Museum, you will see and hear the words, ‘‘Never again.’’ It is a phrase that brings to mind some of the world’s worst atrocities and most heinous crimes. As Elie Wiesel, who this bill is named after, and a man whom I had the opportunity to know and be in his company 
on many occasions, wrote, ‘Never again’ is more than a set of words. He went on to say, ‘‘It’s a prayer, a promise, a vow. . . . And never again the glorification of base, ugly, dark violence.’’ It also reminds us that taking responsibility for stopping atrocities is incumbent on all of us. It requires us to put ourselves in the shoes of the victims and to think about what we hope would be done if we were in their place, if we faced that horror, if we faced those atrocities. What would we want to be done on our behalf? The measure before us takes a step in that direction. It encourages the government to meet regularly and take steps to predict and prevent mass atrocities. It gives strong support for the Atrocities Prevention Board. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York. Mr. CROWLEY. And it requires the training of foreign service officers on how to take steps to recognize and prevent genocide and other atrocities. It is not as strong a bill as Representative WAGNER and I would have liked it to have been. I know we both wanted to see more in this bill. But, as with most legislation, this is a very important first step, upon which I know further progress will be made down the road. This is an important signal from Congress that preventing atrocities must be part and parcel of the United States foreign policy in the White House, the State Department, the intelligence community, and throughout our government. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support its passage, and I encourage my colleagues to do so as well. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), chair of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as always, I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their work in always bringing forth solid, bipartisan bills to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I offer my full support for Ambassador ANNWAGNER ’s bill before us today, H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018, of which I am proud to be a cosponsor. This bill takes necessary and overdue steps to make preventing genocide and other atrocities a priority in our foreign policy. Indeed, this bill makes it clear that it will be the policy of the United States that the prevention of genocide and other atrocities is not only in our national security interests, but it is a core moral responsibility for us to do so. Far too often, these acts have been met with indifference, indifference from responsible nations and indifference from those who are not directly impacted by the mass murders and the torment and the destruction. Elie Wiesel, this bill’s namesake, challenged us to always take sides, to not allow indifference or neutrality to dictate our actions. As he said, ‘‘Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.’’ Our values and ideals as Americans dictate that we must do what we can to prevent genocide, to prevent atrocities, and to prevent human rights violations. This bill enshrines those principles. It ensures that the United States is at the forefront of the fight against these crimes against humanity, and will use the full weight and force of our foreign policy to prevent them from ever happening again. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ambassador WAGNER for authoring this bill, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this bill to the floor today, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my voice to commend Congresswoman WAGNER , Congressman ENGEL , and Congressman CROWLEY for working in a bipartisan fashion to put together this important legislation. This legislation firmly establishes that official United States policy is to prevent genocide and other criminal atrocities, and makes certain that it is treated as a core national security interest by supporting the programs that can help avert the deaths of innocents around our globe. Representing one of the largest populations of holocaust survivors in the Nation is one of my greatest privileges as a Member of Congress. To honor these survivors, and to honor the 6 million Jews who did not survive, we must do everything in our power to prevent another atrocity like the one they experienced. When we commemorate the Holocaust, we make a sacred promise to ourselves and to all of our neighbors by saying and committing to ‘‘Never again.’’ This legislation puts real weight behind those words. From the brutal lessons we have learned from crimes against humanity that span continents and centuries, we must forge a brighter future. Jewish tradition compels us to perform tzedakah—acts of justice—and we are driven by tikkun olam—repairing the world. We have a responsibility to be a voice for those who cannot speak for themselves, to make the world a better place. But these values are not unique to Jews or to Judaism. They are values we all strive to share. Our Nation has the unique capability to prevent these tragedies before they unfold. Elie Wiesel, who I was privileged to know, the rightful namesake of this legislation, wrote, ‘‘We must take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.’’ When this bill becomes law, we can take comfort in knowing the United States of America is taking sides, is not neutral, and is not silent in the face of inhumanity. When we are faced with bigotry and hate, with war crimes and crimes against humanity, with ethnic cleansing and genocide, the United States must always remain a beacon of hope for justice, freedom, and peace. With this bill, we do just that. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of this measure, and I thank Ambassador WAGNER and Representative C ROWLEY  for their work. This bill will equip our government with the tools to better monitor and, hopefully, prevent genocide. It passed our committee with an unanimous bipartisan voice vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman ANNWAGNER, for her leadership on this important bill. I also thank the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ENGEL , for his support, along with Mr. SHERMAN , on this bill. Passage of this legislation sends a strong message of the continuing U.S. commitment to respond to genocide and to respond to mass atrocities as they emerge, with effective and coordinated programs that will best protect the most vulnerable. The U.S. must be a world leader in efforts to prevent genocide and crimes against humanity. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2017, sponsored by my friend ANNWAGNER. This bill will greatly strengthen our efforts to anticipate, prevent, and mitigate genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes. Wherever there are atrocities being committed, or at risk of being committed, our foreign service officers are also often serving on the front lines. What H.R. 3030 would ensure is that they have the right training to recognize and respond to early warning signs of such crimes. This legislation will also strengthen Congressional oversight by requiring the President to annually report on what is happening on the ground, how the United States has responded, and recommendations for strengthening the U.S. response. I commend my colleague for naming this bill after the late, iconic Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel. He spoke so powerfully about the unique, persistent evil of antiSemitism that generated the Holocaust, warning that ‘‘the 
antisemite is by definition ideologically fanatic and pathologically racist . . . an antisemite is someone who has never met me, never heard of me, yet he hates me.’’ Mr. Wiesel and I worked together at the historic 2004 Berlin conference of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). There, 55 participating governments committed to taking specific actions to combat antiSemitism. In 2002, I led the original Congressional push to place combating antiSemitism at the top of the OSCE agenda, and I was proud to lead this movement once again in 2004, together with parliamentarians from Germany, the UK, and France—and Mr. Wiesel. In his 2004 Berlin keynote address, Mr. Wiesel said, ‘‘We know . . . that antiSemitism is dangerous not only to Jews but to countries too, where it is allowed to flourish . . . When a Jew is slapped in the face, humankind itself falls to ground . . . Antisemitism is rooted in hatred; its language is a language of hatred, its doctrine is filled with hatred—and hatred by its nature, always runs overboard, crossing geographical boundaries and ethnic affiliations. It is a contagious disease.’’ Mr. Speaker, Mr. Wiesel dedicated his life to exposing the insidiousness of antiSemitism and working to prevent other genocides, including those in Bosnia, Rwanda, and Sudan. Named for him, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act offers new ways for us to strengthen our fight against genocide, and I am proud to cosponsor this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3030, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PROTECTING DIPLOMATS FROM SURVEILLANCE THROUGH CONSUMER DEVICES ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4989) to require the Department of State to establish a policy regarding the use of locationtracking consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facilities, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4989 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SECURE UNITED STATES DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR FACILITIES AGAINST CYBERSURVEILLANCE. 
(a) P OLICY ON LOCATION TRACKING CONSUMER DEVICES .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall establish a policy on the use of locationtracking consumer devices, including GPSenabled devices, at United States diplomatic and consular facilities by United States Government employees, contractors, locally employed staff and members of other agencies deployed to or stationed at such facilities. (b) SECURITY BRIEFING .—Existing and new employees at United States diplomatic and consular facilities, including contractors, locally employed staff, and members of other agencies deployed to or stationed at such facilities, shall, as a part of the security briefings provided to such employees, be informed of the policy described in subsection (a) and given instructions on the use of location tracking consumer devices both on and off the premises of such facilities. (c) COORDINATION .—The Secretary of State may coordinate with the heads of any other agencies whose employees are deployed to or stationed at United States diplomatic and consular facilities in the formulation of the policy described in subsection (a) and the dissemination of such policy pursuant to subsection (b). (d) REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the formulation of the policy described in subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the details of such policy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I thank Mr. CASTRO and Mr. MCCAUL, the coauthors of this legislation. I know Mr. MCCAULknows some of the dangers that our diplomats face overseas. In his past service to the United States, he has been in parts of this dangerous world, and this is what our diplomats face. As they work to prevent armed conflict, there are armed combatants on the other side of those issues. As they try to combat terrorism, as they are working out there to empower women or to open new markets for U.S. exports, they are in tough environments. In turn, it is our job to ensure that our diplomats have the information and resources they need to stay safe while they serve our country overseas. b1700 Now more than ever, everyday devices such as smartphones include location tracking capabilities. While these are enormously useful tools, they also, obviously, present security concerns as users’ locations can then be tracked by others, by hostiles. For the thousands of State Department employees who work overseas, this is a real concern. It is a real security risk. While the State Department has longstanding and thorough policies on the use of these devices while in embassies and in consulates, the Department has no such policy to guide personnel outside Department grounds. And that is where we send them, outside the Department grounds. So the bill before us today addresses this security gap. It mandates that the State Department develop a comprehensive, modernized policy on devices that contain tracking capability. It also requires that all current and future diplomatic staff be briefed on the new policy and current best practices for using devices that are enabled with local tracking features. The objective is to build in a culture of safety and selfawareness. Technology is advancing every day, and we must not allow our agencies to expose personnel to new risks. I urge my colleagues to support this act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4989, the Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. This bill, again, passed our committee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote. I want to begin by thanking Mr. CASTRO, and also others, for introducing this legislation. I am pleased to be one of the cosponsors. This bill aims to ensure the Department of State has policies in place to prevent our adversaries from tracking the locations of our Foreign Service officers through their electronic devices. From fitness trackers, to smartwatches, to phones, most of us have at least one device that could be used to track us with the right technology that has GPS capacities. Many of us would literally be lost without these devices, but they could pose a security risk. This is especially true for our diplomats overseas whose locations and travels can reveal sensitive information sources. Location information is a potential gold mine to our adversaries. This commonsense measure would make sure that the Secretary of State has a policy in place on the safe use of consumer electronic devices by our diplomatic and consular facilities and personnel. It would require proper training for employees and contractors, and ensure that the policy is coordinated across all parts of our government that use our diplomatic and consular facilities. This bill would also improve congressional oversight of this policy. This bill will reduce the security risks associated with GPS devices and other consumer electronic device. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, a senior member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and the coauthor of this measure. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill, the Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. 
Earlier this year, a private sector analysis revealed the risks of using wearable technologies, such as Fitbits and Apple Watches, which use GPS tracking. As the report stated, researchers were able to track the movements of the deployed troops in overseas locations. This, obviously, poses an enormous national security risk for our soldiers serving abroad. Enemies could track patrol routes or discover the locations of secret foreign installments. This exposure puts our diplomats at risk as well. We have men and women engaging in diplomatic efforts all over the world, often in sensitive and high risk areas. We must not make it easier for our enemies to track their movements. As such, our bill requires the Department of State to establish a policy on use of locationtracking devices by diplomats at U.S. facilities around the world. As the chairman said, many of us here have been to these hot spots— Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Egypt, Tunisia. I got briefed by the Libyan team in exile after Benghazi. And they deserve to be protected. This bill will do just that. I would like to thank my good friend Congressman CASTRO for his friendship and leadership on this issue, as well as Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL on this important legislation. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), the author of the bill. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member ENGEL , subcommittee Ranking Member SHERMAN , also my colleague from Texas and the coauthor, Representative MCCAUL. I thank them for all of their hard work on this. Every day, diplomats work to advance the interests of the United States, often at embassies and consulates in the most dangerous pockets of the world. They risk their lives to be our Nation’s frontline civilians and are faced with having to adapt to changing technologies that often come with security risks. As Members of Congress, and especially those who conduct oversight of the United States State Department, we must protect our diplomats who serve our Nation from any threats posed by evolving technology, including fitness trackers, for example, that expose location. That is why I joined my fellow Texan, Chairman MICHAEL MCCAUL, to introduce the Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. This bill requires the State Department to account for these devices in the security policies of U.S. embassies and consulates worldwide and update embassy and consulate security policies by addressing vulnerabilities associated with locationtracking consumer devices worn by diplomatic personnel. These frontline civilians risk their lives in service to the United States. As lawmakers, we have a responsibility to ensure these brave diplomats and development workers have the protections they deserve. I am glad to see this bill being considered on the House floor today, and I request and urge the support of all of my colleagues. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4989 is commonsense legislation that will improve the safety of U.S. personnel overseas. I want to commend the chair and the ranking member for bringing this through our committee, and commend Mr. CASTRO of Texas and Mr. MCCAUL of Texas for their hard work in creating this legislation. This bill will ensure that the State Department is addressing the risks associated with consumer devices that can be used, in some cases, to track the locations of those who own them. This bill passed with a unanimous, bipartisan voice vote in our committee. I commend it to my colleagues. I will support this measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Our diplomats serve in some of the most dangerous parts of the world. They advance U.S. interests overseas, and while they serve our Nation overseas, it is our job here to ensure that they have the information and resources that they need to stay safe. So I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this timely bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4989, Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act. H.R. 4989 directs the Department of State to: (1) establish a policy on the use of locationtracking consumer devices, including GPSenabled devices, at U.S. diplomatic and consular facilities by U.S. government employees, contractors, locally employed staff, and members of other agencies deployed to or stationed at such facilities; and (2) submit a related report to Congress. This bill states that existing and new employees at such facilities shall, as a part of their security briefings, be informed of such policy and given instructions on the use of locationtracking consumer devices on and off facility premises. The State Department may coordinate policy formulation with other agencies whose employees are deployed to or stationed at U.S. diplomatic and consular facilities. The public release earlier this year of GPS tracking data from the American fitness company Strava revealed highly sensitive information on U.S. activities abroad, such as military base locations, jogging paths of personnel located at these bases and, in many cases, also identified paths with individual accounts. This data was collected from wearable electronic devices such as Fitbits and other technologies and presents a glaring security vulnerability that our adversaries may exploit to undermine our interests, thereby putting our personnel serving abroad at extreme risk. While the issue has most seriously affected U.S. military installations, in lieu of a policy on the use of these devices, State Department personnel remain at risk as well. As such, H.R. 4989 requires the Department of State to establish and disseminate a policy on the use of locationtracking consumer devices by diplomats and other employees at U.S. embassies and consular facilities outside the United States. This is a commonsense step to ensure we are doing all we can to protect our diplomatic personnel serving our nation abroad. Our enemies and adversaries work around the clock to undermine our interests. We should not make it any easier for them. I thank my colleague and good friend, Congressman JOAQUIN CASTRO , for introducing this important legislation. By passing H.R. 4989, we can help ensure the safety of our nation’s dutiful diplomats. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4989. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4989. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
BETTER UTILIZATION OF INVESTMENTS LEADING TO DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5105) to establish the United States International Development Finance Corporation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5105 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘BUILD Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—ESTABLISHMENT Sec. 101. Statement of policy. Sec. 102. United States International Development Finance Corporation. Sec. 103. Management of Corporation. Sec. 104. Inspector General of the Corporation. Sec. 105. Independent accountability mechanism. TITLE II—AUTHORITIES Sec. 201. Authorities relating to provision of support. 
Sec. 202. Terms and conditions. Sec. 203. Payment of losses. Sec. 204. Termination. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATIVE AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Operations. Sec. 302. Corporate powers. Sec. 303. Maximum contingent liability. Sec. 304. Corporate funds. Sec. 305. Coordination with other development agencies. TITLE IV—MONITORING, EVALUATION, AND REPORTING Sec. 401. Establishment of risk and audit committees. Sec. 402. Performance measures, evaluation, and learning. Sec. 403. Annual report. Sec. 404. Publicly available project information. Sec. 405. Engagement with investors. Sec. 406. Notification of support to be provided by the Corporation. TITLE V—CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS, AND PROHIBITIONS Sec. 501. Limitations and preferences. Sec. 502. Additionality and avoidance of market distortion. Sec. 503. Prohibition on support in sanctioned countries and with sanctioned persons. Sec. 504. Penalties for misrepresentation, fraud, and bribery. TITLE VI—TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS Sec. 601. Definitions. Sec. 602. Reorganization plan. Sec. 603. Transfer of functions. Sec. 604. Termination of Overseas Private Investment Corporation and other superceded authorities. Sec. 605. Transitional authorities. Sec. 606. Savings provisions. Sec. 607. Other terminations. Sec. 608. Incidental transfers. Sec. 609. Reference. Sec. 610. Conforming amendments. 
In this Act: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) LESS DEVELOPED COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘less developed country’’ means a country with a lowincome economy, lowermiddle income economy, or uppermiddleincome economy, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Association (collectively referred to as the ‘‘World Bank’’). (3) PREDECESSOR AUTHORITY .—The term ‘‘predecessor authority’’ means authorities repealed by title VI. (4) QUALIFYING SOVEREIGN ENTITY .—The term ‘‘qualifying sovereign entity’’ means— (A) any agency or instrumentality of a foreign state (as defined in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code) that has a purpose that is similar to the purpose of the Corporation as described in section 102(b); or (B) any international financial institution (as defined in section 1701(c) of the International Financial Institutions Act (22 U.S.C. 262r(c))). TITLE I—ESTABLISHMENT 
It is the policy of the United States to facilitate marketbased private sector development and economic growth in less developed countries through the provision of credit, capital, and other financial support— (1) to mobilize private capital in support of sustainable, broadbased economic growth, poverty reduction, and development through demanddriven partnerships with the private sector that further the foreign policy interests of the United States; (2) to finance development that builds and strengthens civic institutions, promotes competition, and provides for public accountability and transparency; (3) to help private sector actors overcome identifiable market gaps and inefficiencies without distorting markets; (4) to achieve clearly defined economic and social development outcomes; (5) to coordinate with institutions with purposes similar to the purposes of the Corporation to leverage resources of those institutions to produce the greatest impact; (6) to provide countries a robust alternative to statedirected investments by authoritarian governments and United States strategic competitors using high standards of transparency and environmental and social safeguards, and which take into account the debt sustainability of partner countries; (7) to leverage private sector capabilities and innovative development tools to help countries transition from recipients of bilateral development assistance toward increased selfreliance; and (8) to complement and be guided by overall United States foreign policy, development, and national security objectives, taking into account the priorities and needs of countries receiving support. SEC. 102. UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Executive branch the United States International Development Finance Corporation (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Corporation’’), which shall be a wholly owned Government corporation for purposes of chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, under the foreign policy guidance of the Secretary of State. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Corporation shall be to mobilize and facilitate the participation of private sector capital and skills in the economic development of less developed countries, as described in subsection (c), and countries in transition from nonmarket to market economies, in order to complement the development assistance objectives, and advance the foreign policy interests, of the United States. In carrying out its purpose, the Corporation, utilizing broad criteria, shall take into account in its financing operations the economic and financial soundness and development objectives of projects for which it provides support under title II. (c) LESSDEVELOPED COUNTRY FOCUS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation shall prioritize the provision of support under title II in less developed countries with a lowincome economy or a lowermiddleincome economy. (2) SUPPORT IN UPPER MIDDLE INCOME COUN TRIES .—The Corporation shall restrict the provision of support under title II in a less developed country with an uppermiddleincome economy unless— (A) the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that such support furthers the national economic or foreign policy interests of the United States; and (B) such support is likely to be highly developmental or provide developmental benefits to the poorest population of that country. SEC. 103. MANAGEMENT OF CORPORATION. 
(a) S TRUCTURE OF CORPORATION .—There shall be in the Corporation a Board of Directors (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Board’’), a Chief Executive Officer, a Deputy Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Risk Officer, a Chief Development Officer, and such other officers as the Board may determine. (b) BOARD OF DIRECTORS .— (1) DUTIES .—All powers of the Corporation shall vest in and be exercised by or under the authority of the Board. The Board— (A) shall perform the functions specified to be carried out by the Board in this Act; (B) may prescribe, amend, and repeal bylaws, rules, regulations, policies, and procedures governing the manner in which the business of the Corporation may be conducted and in which the powers granted to the Corporation by law may be exercised; and (C) shall develop, in consultation with stakeholders and other interested parties, a publiclyavailable policy with respect to consultations, hearings, and other forms of engagement in order to provide for meaningful public participation in the Board’s activities. (2) MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Board shall consist of— (i) the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation; (ii) the officers specified in subparagraph (B); and (iii) four other individuals who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, of which— (I) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals submitted by the majority leader of the Senate after consultation with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (II) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals submitted by the minority leader of the Senate after consultation with the ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (III) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals submitted by the Speaker of the House of Representatives after consultation with the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (IV) one individual should be appointed from among a list of at least five individuals submitted by the minority leader of the House of Representatives after consultation with the ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (B) OFFICERS SPECIFIED .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The officers specified in this subparagraph are the following: (I) The Secretary of State or a designee of the Secretary. (II) The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development or a designee of the Administrator. (III) The Secretary of the Treasury or a designee of the Secretary. (IV) The Secretary of Commerce or a designee of the Secretary. (ii) REQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNEES .—A des ignee under clause (i) shall be selected from among officers— (I) appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; (II) whose duties relate to the programs of the Corporation; and (III) who is designated by and serving at the pleasure of the President. (C) REQUIREMENTS FOR NONGOVERNMENT  
MEMBERS .—A member of the Board described in subparagraph (A)(iii)— 
(i) may not be an officer or employee of the United States Government; (ii) shall have relevant experience, which may include experience relating to the private sector, the environment, labor organizations, or international development, to carry out the purpose of the Corporation; (iii) shall be appointed for a term of 3 years and may be reappointed for one additional term; (iv) shall serve until the member’s successor is appointed and confirmed; (v) shall be compensated at a rate equivalent to that of level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, when engaged in the business of the Corporation; and (vi) may be paid per diem in lieu of subsistence at the applicable rate under the Federal Travel Regulation under subtitle F of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, from time to time, while away from the home or usual place of business of the member. (3) CHAIRPERSON .—There shall be a Chairperson of the Board designated by the President from among the individuals described in paragraph (2)(A). (4) VICE CHAIRPERSON .—The Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, or the designee of the Administrator under paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), shall serve as the Vice Chairperson of the Board. (5) QUORUM .—Five members of the Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business by the Board. (c) PUBLIC HEARINGS .— (1) PUBLIC HEARINGS BY THE BOARD .—The Board shall hold at least one public hearing each year in order to afford an opportunity for any person to present views with respect to whether— (A) the Corporation is carrying out its activities in accordance with this Act; and (B) any support provided by the Corporation under title II in any country should be suspended, expanded, or extended. (2) ADDITIONAL PUBLIC HEARINGS .—In con junction with each meeting of the Board, the Corporation shall hold a public hearing in order to afford an opportunity for any person to present views regarding the activities of the Corporation. Such views shall be made part of the record. (d) CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER .— (1) APPOINTMENT .—There shall be in the Corporation a Chief Executive Officer, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and who shall serve at the pleasure of the President. (2) AUTHORITIES AND DUTIES .—The Chief Executive Officer shall be responsible for the management of the Corporation and shall exercise the powers and discharge the duties of the Corporation subject to the bylaws, rules, regulations, and procedures established by the Board. (3) RELATIONSHIP TO BOARD .—The Chief Executive Officer shall report to and be under the direct authority of the Board. (4) COMPENSATION .—Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Chief Executive Officer, United States International Development Finance Corporation.’’. (e) DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER .— There shall be in the Corporation a Deputy Chief Executive Officer, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and who shall serve at the pleasure of the President. (f) CHIEF RISKOFFICER .— (1) APPOINTMENT .—Subject to the approval of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall appoint a Chief Risk Officer, from among individuals with experience at a senior level in financial risk management, who— (A) shall report directly to the Board; and (B) shall be removable only by a majority vote of the Board. (2) DUTIES .—The Chief Risk Officer shall, in coordination with the audit committee of the Board established under section 401, develop, implement, and manage a comprehensive process for identifying, assessing, monitoring, and limiting risks to the Corporation, including the overall portfolio diversification of the Corporation. (g) CHIEF DEVELOPMENT OFFICER .— (1) APPOINTMENT .—Subject to the approval of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, in conjunction with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall appoint a Chief Development Officer, from among individuals with experience in development, who— (A) shall report directly to the Board; and (B) shall be removable only by a majority vote of the Board. (2) DUTIES .—The Chief Development Officer shall— (A) coordinate the Corporation’s development policies and implementation efforts with the United States Agency for International Development, the Millennium Challenge Corporation, and other relevant United States Government departments and agencies, including directly liaising with missions of the United States Agency for International Development, to ensure that departments, agencies, and missions have training, awareness, and access to the Corporation’s tools in relation to development policy and projects in countries; (B) under the guidance of the Chief Executive Officer, manage employees of the Corporation that are dedicated to structuring, monitoring and evaluating transactions and projects codesigned with the United States Agency for International Development and other relevant United States Government departments and agencies; (C) authorize and coordinate transfers of funds or other resources to and from such agencies, departments, or missions upon the concurrence of those institutions in support of the Corporation’s projects or activities; and (D) coordinate and implement the activities of the Corporation under section 405. (h) OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this section, officers, employees, and agents shall be selected and appointed by the Corporation, and shall be vested with such powers and duties as the Corporation may determine. (2) ADMINISTRATIVELY DETERMINED EMPLOY EES.— (A) APPOINTMENT ; COMPENSATION ; REMOVAL .—Of officers and employees employed by the Corporation under paragraph (1), not more than 50 may be appointed, compensated, or removed without regard to title 5, United States Code. (B) REINSTATEMENT .—Under such regulations as the President may prescribe, officers and employees appointed to a position under subparagraph (A) may be entitled, upon removal from such position (unless the removal was for cause), to reinstatement to the position occupied at the time of appointment or to a position of comparable grade and salary. (C) ADDITIONAL POSITIONS .—Positions authorized by subparagraph (A) shall be in addition to those otherwise authorized by law, including positions authorized under section 5108 of title 5, United States Code. (D) RATES OF PAY FOR OFFICERS AND EM PLOYEES .—The Corporation may set and adjust rates of basic pay for officers and employees appointed under subparagraph (A) without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 or subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of positions and General Schedule pay rates, respectively. (3) LIABILITY OF EMPLOYEES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—An individual who is a member of the Board or an officer or employee of the Corporation has no liability under this Act with respect to any claim arising out of or resulting from any act or omission by the individual within the scope of the employment of the individual in connection with any transaction by the Corporation. (B) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not be construed to limit personal liability of an individual for criminal acts or omissions, willful or malicious misconduct, acts or omissions for private gain, or any other acts or omissions outside the scope of the individual’s employment. (C) SAVINGS PROVISION .—This paragraph shall not be construed— (i) to affect— (I) any other immunities and protections that may be available to an individual described in subparagraph (A) under applicable law with respect to a transaction described in that subparagraph; or (II) any other right or remedy against the Corporation, against the United States under applicable law, or against any person other than an individual described in subparagraph (A) participating in such a transaction; or (ii) to limit or alter in any way the immunities that are available under applicable law for Federal officers and employees not described in this paragraph. 
The President shall appoint and maintain an Inspector General in the Corporation, in accordance with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Board shall establish a transparent and independent accountability mechanism. (b) FUNCTIONS .—The independent accountability mechanism established pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) annually evaluate and report to the Board and Congress regarding compliance with environmental, social, labor, human rights, and transparency standards, consistent with Corporation statutory mandates; (2) provide a forum for resolving concerns regarding the impacts of specific Corporationsupported projects with respect to such standards; and (3) provide advice regarding Corporation projects, policies, and practices. TITLE II—AUTHORITIES 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authorities in this title should only be exercised to— (1) carry out of the policy of the United States in section 101 and the purpose of the Corporation in section 102; (2) mitigate risks to United States taxpayers by sharing risks with the private sector and qualifying sovereign entities through cofinancing and structuring of tools; and (3) ensure that support provided under this title is additional to private sector resources by mobilizing private capital that would otherwise not be deployed without such support. (b) LENDING AND GUARANTIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation may make loans or guaranties upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine. 
(2) D ENOMINATION .—Loans and guaranties issued under paragraph (1) may be denominated and repayable in United States dollars or foreign currencies. Foreign currency denominated loans and guaranties should only be provided if the Board determines there is a substantive policy rationale for such loans and guaranties. (3) APPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL CREDIT RE FORM ACT OF 1990 .—Loans and guaranties issued under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the requirements of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). (c) EQUITY INVESTMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation may, as a minority investor, support projects with funds or use other mechanisms for the purpose of purchasing, and may make and fund commitments to purchase, invest in, make pledges in respect of, or otherwise acquire, equity or quasiequity securities or shares or financial interests of any entity, including as a limited partner or other investor in investment funds, upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine. (2) DENOMINATION .—Support provided under paragraph (1) may be denominated and repayable in United States dollars or foreign currency. Foreign currency denominated support provided by paragraph (1) should only be provided if the Board determines there is a substantive policy rationale for such support. (3) GUIDELINES AND CRITERIA .—The Cor poration shall develop guidelines and criteria to require that the use of the authority provided by paragraph (1) with respect to a project has a clearly defined development and foreign policy purpose, taking into account the following objectives: (A) The support for the project would be more likely than not to substantially reduce or overcome the effect of an identified market failure in the country in which the project is carried out. (B) The project would not have proceeded or would have been substantially delayed without the support. (C) The support would meaningfully contribute to transforming local conditions to promote the development of markets. (D) The support can be shown to be aligned with commercial partner incentives. (E) The support can be shown to have significant developmental impact and will contribute to longterm commercial sustainability. (F) The support furthers the policy of the United States described in section 101. (4) LIMITATIONS ON EQUITY INVESTMENTS .— (A) PER PROJECT LIMIT .—The aggregate amount of support provided under this subsection with respect to any project shall not exceed 30 percent of the aggregate amount of all equity investment made from any source to the project at the time that the Corporation approves support of the project. (B) TOTAL LIMIT .—Support provided pursuant to this subsection shall be limited to not more than 35 percent of the Corporation’s aggregate exposure on the date that such support is provided. (5) SALES AND LIQUIDATION OF POSITION .— The Corporation shall seek to sell and liquidate any support for a project provided under this subsection as soon as commercially feasible, commensurate with other similar investors in the project and taking into consideration the national security interests of the United States. (6) TIMETABLE .—The Corporation shall create a projectspecific timetable for support provided under paragraph (1). (d) INSURANCE AND REINSURANCE .—The Cor poration may issue insurance or reinsurance, upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine, to private sector entities and qualifying sovereign entities assuring protection of their investments in whole or in part against any or all political risks such as currency inconvertibility and transfer restrictions, expropriation, war, terrorism, civil disturbance, breach of contract, or nonhonoring of financial obligations. (e) PROMOTION OF AND SUPPORT FOR PRIVATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In order to carry out the purpose of the Corporation described in section 102(b), the Corporation may initiate and support, through financial participation, incentive grant, or otherwise, and on such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine, feasibility studies for the planning, development, and management of, and procurement for, potential bilateral and multilateral development projects eligible for support under this title, including training activities undertaken in connection with such projects, for the purpose of promoting investment in such projects and the identification, assessment, surveying, and promotion of private investment opportunities, utilizing wherever feasible and effective, the facilities of private investors. (2) CONTRIBUTIONS TO COSTS .—The Corporation shall, to the maximum extent practicable, require any person receiving funds under the authorities of this subsection to— (A) share the costs of feasibility studies and other project planning services funded under this subsection; and (B) reimburse the Corporation those funds provided under this section, if the person succeeds in project implementation. (f) SPECIAL PROJECTS AND PROGRAMS .—The Corporation may administer and manage special projects and programs in support of specific transactions undertaken by the Corporation, including programs of financial and advisory support that provide private technical, professional, or managerial assistance in the development of human resources, skills, technology, capital savings, or intermediate financial and investment institutions or cooperatives and including the initiation of incentives, grants, and studies for renewable energy, women’s economic empowerment, microenterprise households, or other small business activities. (g) ENTERPRISE FUNDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation may, following consultation with the Secretary of State, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and the heads of other relevant departments or agencies, establish and operate enterprise funds in accordance with this subsection. (2) PROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS .—The provisions of section 201 of the Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5421) (other than the provisions of subsections (a), (b), (c), (d)(1), (d)(3), (e), (f), and (j) of that section), shall be deemed to apply with respect to any enterprise fund established by the Corporation under this subsection and to funds made available to any such enterprise fund in the same manner and to the same extent as such provisions apply with respect to enterprise funds established pursuant to such section 201 or to funds made available to enterprise funds established under that section. (3) PURPOSES FOR WHICH SUPPORT MAY BE  
PROVIDED .—The Corporation, subject to the approval of the Board, may designate private, nonprofit organizations as eligible to receive support under this title for the following purposes: (A) To promote development of economic freedom and private sectors, including small and mediumsized enterprises and joint ventures with the United States and host country participants. (B) To facilitate access to credit to small and mediumsized enterprises with sound business plans in countries where there is limited means of accessing credit on market terms. (C) To promote policies and practices conducive to economic freedom and private sector development. (D) To attract foreign direct investment capital to further promote private sector development and economic freedom. (E) To complement the work of the United States Agency for International Development and other donors to improve the overall businessenabling environment, financing the creation and expansion of the private business sector. (F) To make financially sustainable investments designed to generate measurable social benefits and build technical capacity in addition to financial returns. (4) OPERATION OF FUNDS .— (A) EXPENDITURES .—Funds made available to an enterprise fund shall be expended at the minimum rate necessary to make timely payments for projects and activities carried out under this subsection. (B) ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Not more than 3 percent per annum of the funds made available to an enterprise fund may be obligated or expended for the administrative expenses of the enterprise fund. (5) BOARD OF DIRECTORS .—Each enterprise fund established under this subsection should be governed by a Board of Directors comprised of private citizens of the United States or the host country, who— (A) shall be appointed by the President after consultation with the chairmen and ranking members of the appropriate congressional committees; and (B) have pursued careers in international business and have demonstrated expertise in international and emerging market investment activities. (6) MAJORITY MEMBER REQUIREMENT .—The majority of the members of the Board of Directors shall be United States citizens who shall have relevant experience relating to the purposes described in paragraph (3). (7) REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the establishment of an enterprise fund under this subsection, and annually thereafter until the enterprise fund terminates in accordance with paragraph (10), the Board of Directors of the enterprise fund shall— (A) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report— (i) detailing the administrative expenses of the enterprise fund during the year preceding the submission of the report; (ii) describing the operations, activities, engagement with civil society and relevant local private sector entities, development objectives and outcomes, financial condition, and accomplishments of the enterprise fund during that year; (iii) describing the results of any audit conducted under paragraph (8); and (iv) describing how audits conducted under paragraph (8) are informing the operations and activities of the enterprise fund; and (B) publish, on a publicly available internet website of the enterprise fund, each report required by subparagraph (A). (8) OVERSIGHT .— (A) INSPECTOR GENERAL PERFORMANCE AU DITS.— (i) IN GENERAL .—The Inspector General of the Corporation shall conduct periodic audits of the activities of each enterprise fund established under this subsection. (ii) CONSIDERATION .—In conducting an audit under clause (i), the Inspector General shall assess whether the activities of the enterprise fund— (I) support the purposes described in paragraph (3); 
(II) result in profitable private sector investing; and (III) generate measurable social benefits. (B) RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTS .—The Corporation shall ensure that each enterprise fund receiving support under this subsection— (i) keeps separate accounts with respect to such support; and (ii) maintains such records as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate effective audits under this paragraph. (9) RETURN OF FUNDS TO TREASURY .—Any funds resulting from any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of an enterprise fund, in whole or in part, shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States. (10) TERMINATION .—The authority of an enterprise fund to provide support under this subsection shall terminate on the earlier of— (A) the date that is 7 years after the date of the first expenditure of amounts from the enterprise fund; or (B) the date on which the enterprise fund is liquidated. (h) SUPERVISION OF SUPPORT .—Support provided under this title shall be subject to section 622(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2382(c)). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), support provided by the Corporation under this title shall be on such terms and conditions as the Corporation may prescribe. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The following requirements apply to support provided by the Corporation under this title: (1) The Corporation shall provide support using authorities under this title only if it is necessary— (A) to alleviate a credit market imperfection; or (B) to achieve specified development or foreign policy objectives of the United States Government by providing support in the most efficient way to meet those objectives on a casebycase basis. (2) The final maturity of a loan made or guaranteed by the Corporation shall not exceed the lesser of— (A) 25 years; or (B) debt servicing capabilities of the project to be financed by the loan (as determined by the Corporation). (3) The Corporation shall, with respect to providing any loan guaranty to a project, require the parties to the project to bear the risk of loss in an amount equal to at least 20 percent of the guaranteed support by the Corporation in the project. (4) The Corporation may not make or guarantee a loan unless the Corporation determines that the borrower or lender is responsible and that adequate provision is made for servicing the loan on reasonable terms and protecting the financial interest of the United States. (5) The interest rate for direct loans and interest supplements on guaranteed loans shall be set by reference to a benchmark interest rate (yield) on marketable Treasury securities or other widely recognized or appropriate benchmarks with a similar maturity to the loans being made or guaranteed, as determined in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the Secretary of the Treasury. The Corporation shall establish appropriate minimum interest rates for loans, guaranties, and other instruments as necessary. (6) The minimum interest rate for new loans as established by the Corporation shall be adjusted periodically to take account of changes in the interest rate of the benchmark financial instrument. (7)(A) The Corporation shall set fees or premiums for support provided under this title at levels that minimize the cost to the Government while supporting achievement of the objectives of support. (B) The Corporation shall review fees for loan guaranties periodically to ensure that the fees assessed on new loan guaranties are at a level sufficient to cover the Corporation’s most recent estimates of its costs. (8) Any loan guaranty provided by the Corporation shall be conclusive evidence that— (A) the guaranty has been properly obtained; (B) the loan qualified for the guaranty; and (C) but for fraud or material misrepresentation by the holder of the guaranty, the guaranty is presumed to be valid, legal, and enforceable. (9) The Corporation shall prescribe explicit standards for use in periodically assessing the credit risk of new and existing direct loans or guaranteed loans. (10) The Corporation may not make loans or loan guaranties except to the extent that budget authority to cover the costs of the loans or guaranties is provided in advance in an appropriations Act, as required by section 504 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661c). (11) The Corporation shall rely upon specific standards to assess the developmental and strategic value of projects for which it provides support and should only provide the minimum level of support necessary in order to support such projects. (12) Any loan or loan guaranty made by the Corporation should be provided on a senior basis or pari passu with other senior debt unless there is a substantive policy rationale to provide such support otherwise. 
(a) P AYMENTS FOR DEFAULTS ON GUARAN TEED LOANS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If the Corporation determines that the holder of a loan guaranteed by the Corporation suffers a loss as a result of a default by a borrower on the loan, the Corporation shall pay to the holder the percent of the loss, as specified in the guaranty contract after the holder of the loan has made such further collection efforts and instituted such enforcement proceedings as the Corporation may require. (2) SUBROGATION .—Upon making a payment described in paragraph (1), the Corporation shall ensure the Corporation will be subrogated to all the rights of the recipient of the payment. (3) RECOVERY EFFORTS .—The Corporation shall pursue recovery from the borrower of the amount of any payment made under paragraph (1) with respect to the loan. (b) LIMITATION ON PAYMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), compensation for insurance, reinsurance, or a guaranty issued under this title shall not exceed the dollar value of the tangible or intangible contributions or commitments made in the project, plus interest, earnings, or profits actually accrued on such contributions or commitments, to the extent provided by such insurance, reinsurance, or guaranty. (2) EXCEPTION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation may provide that— (i) appropriate adjustments in the insured dollar value be made to reflect the replacement cost of project assets; and (ii) compensation for a claim of loss under insurance of an equity investment under section 201(d) may be computed on the basis of the net book value attributable to the equity investment on the date of loss. (3) ADDITIONAL LIMITATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding paragraph (2)(A)(ii) and except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Corporation shall limit the amount of direct insurance and reinsurance issued under section 201 with respect to a project so as to require that the insured and its affiliates bear the risk of loss for at least 10 percent of the amount of the Corporation’s exposure to that insured and its affiliates in the project. (B) EXCEPTION .—The limitation under subparagraph (A) shall not apply to direct insurance or reinsurance of loans provided by banks or other financial institutions to unrelated parties. (c) ACTIONS BY ATTORNEY GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall take such action as may be appropriate to enforce any right accruing to the United States as a result of the issuance of any loan or guaranty under this title. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude any forbearance for the benefit of a borrower that may be agreed upon by the parties to a loan guaranteed by the Corporation if budget authority for any resulting costs to the United States Government (as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a)) is available. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authorities provided under this title terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) TERMINATION OF CORPORATION .—The Corporation shall terminate on the date on which the portfolio of the Corporation is liquidated. TITLE III—ADMINISTRATIVE AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(a) B ILATERAL AGREEMENTS .—The Corporation may provide support under title II in connection with projects in any country the government of which has entered into an agreement with the United States authorizing the Corporation to provide such support in that country. (b) CLAIMS SETTLEMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Claims arising as a result of support provided under title II or under predecessor authority may be settled, and disputes arising as a result thereof may be arbitrated with the consent of the parties, on such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine. (2) SETTLEMENTS CONCLUSIVE .—Payment made pursuant to any settlement pursuant to paragraph (1), or as a result of an arbitration award, shall be final and conclusive notwithstanding any other provision of law. (c) PRESUMPTION OF COMPLIANCE .—Each contract executed by such officer or officers as may be designated by the Board shall be conclusively presumed to be issued in compliance with the requirements of this Act. (d) ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCUMENTS .—The Corporation shall implement policies to accept electronic documents and electronic payments in all of its programs. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation— (1) may adopt, alter, and use a seal, to include an identifiable symbol of the United States; (2) may make and perform such contracts, including nocost contracts (as defined by the Corporation), grants, and other agreements notwithstanding division C of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, with any person or government however designated and wherever situated, as may be necessary for carrying out the functions of the Corporation; (3) may lease, purchase, or otherwise acquire, improve, and use such real property wherever situated, as may be necessary for carrying out the functions of the Corporation and which, if done for the Corporation’s 
own occupancy, shall be made in consultation with the Administrator of General Services; (4) may accept cash gifts or donations of services or of property (real, personal, or mixed), tangible or intangible, for the purpose of carrying out the functions of the Corporation; (5) may use the United States mails in the same manner and on the same conditions as the Executive departments (as defined in section 101 of title 5, United States Code); (6) may contract with individuals for personal services, who shall not be considered Federal employees for any provision of law administered by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; (7) may hire or obtain passenger motor vehicles; (8) may sue and be sued in its corporate name; (9) may acquire, hold, or dispose of, upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine, any property, real, personal, or mixed, tangible or intangible, or any interest in such property and which, if done for the Corporation’s own occupancy, shall be made in consultation with the Administrator of General Services; (10) may lease office space for the Corporation’s own use, with the obligation of amounts for such lease limited to the current fiscal year for which payments are due until the expiration of the current lease under predecessor authority, as of the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; (11) may indemnify directors, officers, employees, and agents of the Corporation for liabilities and expenses incurred in connection with their activities on behalf of the Corporation; (12) notwithstanding any other provision of law, may represent itself or contract for representation in any legal or arbitral proceeding; (13) may exercise any priority of the Government of the United States in collecting debts from bankrupt, insolvent, or decedents’ estates; (14) may collect, notwithstanding section 3711(g)(1) of title 31, United States Code, or compromise any obligations assigned to or held by the Corporation, including any legal or equitable rights accruing to the Corporation; (15) may make arrangements with foreign governments (including agencies, instrumentalities, or political subdivisions of such governments) or with multilateral organizations or institutions for sharing liabilities; (16) may sell direct investments of the Corporation to private investors upon such terms and conditions as the Corporation may determine; and (17) shall have such other powers as may be necessary and incident to carrying out the functions of the Corporation. (b) TREATMENT OF PROPERTY .—Notwith standing any other provision of law relating to the acquisition, handling, or disposal of property by the United States, the Corporation shall have the right in its discretion to complete, recondition, reconstruct, renovate, repair, maintain, operate, or sell any property acquired by the Corporation pursuant to the provisions of this Act and which, if done for the Corporation’s own occupancy, shall be made in consultation with the Administrator of General Services. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The maximum contingent liability of the Corporation outstanding at any one time shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount specified in subsection (b). (b) AMOUNT SPECIFIED .— (1) INITIAL 5 YEAR PERIOD .—The amount specified in this subsection for the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, is $60,000,000,000. (2) SUBSEQUENT 5 YEAR PERIODS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 5 years thereafter, the amount specified in paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to reflect the percentage of the increase (if any) in the average of the Consumer Price Index during the preceding 5year period. (3) CONSUMER PRICE INDEX DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Consumer Price Index’’ means the most recent Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor. 
(a) C ORPORATE CAPITAL ACCOUNT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the ‘‘Corporate Capital Account’’ to carry out the purposes of the Corporation. (b) FUNDING .—The Corporate Capital Account shall consist of— (1) fees charged and collected pursuant to subsection (c); (2) any amounts received pursuant to subsection (e); (3) investments and returns on such investments pursuant to subsection (g); (4) unexpended balances transferred to the Corporation pursuant to subsection (i); (5) payments received in connection with settlements of all insurance and reinsurance claims of the Corporation; and (6) all other collections transferred to or earned by the Corporation, excluding the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a), of loans and loan guaranties. (c) FEEAUTHORITY .—Fees may be charged and collected for providing services in amounts to be determined by the Corporation. (d) USES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to Acts making appropriations, the Corporation is authorized to pay— (A) the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, of loans and loan guaranties; (B) administrative expenses of the Corporation; (C) for the cost of providing support authorized by subsections (c), (e), (f), and (g) of section 201; and (D) projectspecific transaction costs. (2) INCOME AND REVENUE .—In order to carry out the purposes of the Corporation, all collections transferred to or earned by the Corporation, excluding the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990, of loans and loan guaranties, shall be deposited into the Corporate Capital Account and shall be available to carry out its purpose, including without limitation— (A) payment of all insurance and reinsurance claims of the Corporation; (B) repayments to the Treasury of amounts borrowed under subsection (e); and (C) dividend payments to the Treasury under subsection (f). (e) FULLFAITH AND CREDIT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—All support provided pursuant to predecessor authorities or title II shall continue to constitute obligations of the United States, and the full faith and credit of the United States is hereby pledged for the full payment and performance of such obligations. (2) AUTHORITY TO BORROW .—The Corporation is authorized to borrow from the Treasury such sums as may be necessary to fulfill such obligations of the United States and any such borrowing shall be at a rate determined by the Secretary of the Treasury, taking into consideration the current average market yields on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States of comparable maturities, for a period jointly determined by the Corporation and the Secretary, and subject to such terms and conditions as the Secretary may require. (f) DIVIDENDS .—The Board, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall annually assess a dividend payment to the Treasury if the Corporation’s insurance portfolio is more than 100 percent reserved. (g) INVESTMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation may request the Secretary of the Treasury to invest such portion of the Corporate Capital Account as is not, in the Corporation’s judgement, required to meet the current needs of the Corporate Capital Account. (2) FORM OF INVESTMENTS .—Such investments shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury in public debt obligations, with maturities suitable to the needs of the Corporate Capital Account, as determined by the Corporation, and bearing interest at rates determined by the Secretary, taking into consideration current market yields on outstanding marketable obligations of the United States of comparable maturities. (h) COLLECTIONS .—Interest earnings made pursuant to subsection (g), earnings collected related to equity investments, and amounts, excluding fees related to insurance or reinsurance, collected pursuant to subsection (c), shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. (i) TRANSFER FROM PREDECESSOR AGENCIES  
ANDPROGRAMS .—By the date end of the transition period described in title VI, the unexpended balances, assets, and responsibilities of any agency specified in the plan required by section 602 shall be transferred to the Corporation. (j) TRANSFER OF FUNDS .—In order to carry out this Act, funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) may be transferred to the Corporation and funds authorized to be appropriated to the Corporation may be transferred to the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (k) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘projectspecific transaction costs’’— (1) means those costs incurred by the Corporation for travel, legal expenses, and direct and indirect costs incurred in claims settlements associated with the provision of support under title II and shall not be considered administrative expenses for the purposes of this section; and (2) does not include information technology (as such term is defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code). 
It is the sense of Congress that the Corporation should use relevant data of the Department of State, the Millennium Challenge Corporation, the United States Agency for International Development, and other departments and agencies that have development functions to better inform the decisions of the Corporation with respect to providing support under title II. TITLE IV—MONITORING, EVALUATION, AND REPORTING 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To assist the Board to fulfill its duties and responsibilities under section 201(a), the Corporation shall establish a risk committee and an audit committee. (b) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF RISK COMMITTEE .—Subject to the direction of the 
Board, the risk committee established under subsection (a) shall have oversight responsibility of— (1) formulating risk management policies of the operations of the Corporation; (2) reviewing and providing guidance on operation of the Corporation’s global risk management framework; (3) developing policies for enterprise risk management, monitoring, and management of strategic, reputational, regulatory, operational, developmental, environmental, social, and financial risks; (4) developing the risk profile of the Corporation, including a risk management and compliance framework and governance structure to support such framework; and (5) developing policies and procedures for assessing, prior to providing, and for any period during which the Corporation provides, support to any foreign entities, whether such entities have in place sufficient enhanced due diligence policies and practices to prevent money laundering and corruption to ensure the Corporation does not provide support to persons that are— (A) knowingly engaging in acts of corruption; (B) knowingly providing material or financial support for terrorism, drug trafficking, or human trafficking; or (C) responsible for ordering or otherwise directing serious or gross violations of human rights. (c) DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .—Subject to the direction of the Board, the audit committee established under subsection (a) shall have the oversight responsibility of— (1) the integrity of the Corporation’s financial reporting and systems of internal controls regarding finance and accounting; (2) the integrity of the Corporation’s financial statements; (3) the performance of the Corporation’s internal audit function; and (4) compliance with legal and regulatory requirements related to the finances of the Corporation. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation shall develop a performance measurement system to evaluate and monitor projects supported by the Corporation under title II and to guide future projects of the Corporation. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the performance measurement system required by subsection (a), the Corporation shall— (1) develop a successor for the development impact measurement system of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation (as such system was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act); (2) develop a mechanism for ensuring that support provided by the Corporation under title II is in addition to private investment; (3) develop standards for, and a method for ensuring, appropriate financial performance of the Corporation’s portfolio; and (4) develop standards for, and a method for ensuring, appropriate development performance of the Corporation’s portfolio, including— (A) measurement of the projected and ex post development impact of a project; and (B) the information necessary to comply with section 403. (c) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF CERTAIN INFOR MATION .—The Corporation shall make available to the public on a regular basis information about support provided by the Corporation under title II and performance metrics about such support on a countrybycountry basis. (d) COLLABORATION .—In developing the performance measurement system required by subsection (a), the Corporation shall consult with stakeholders and other interested parties engaged in sustainable economic growth and development. SEC. 403. ANNUAL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After the end of each fiscal year, the Corporation shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a complete and detailed report of its operations during that fiscal year, including an assessment of— (1) the economic and social development impact, including with respect to matters described in subsections (d) and (e) of section 501, of projects supported by the Corporation under title II; (2) the extent to which the operations of the Corporation complement or are compatible with the development assistance programs of the United States and qualifying sovereign entities; (3) the Corporation’s institutional linkages with other relevant United States Government department and agencies, including efforts to strengthen such linkages; and (4) the compliance of projects supported by the Corporation under title II with human rights, environmental, labor, and social policies, or other such related policies that govern the Corporation’s support for projects, promulgated or otherwise administered by the Corporation. (b) ELEMENTS .—Each annual report required by subsection (a) shall include analyses of the effects of projects supported by the Corporation under title II, including— (1) reviews and analyses of— (A) the desired development outcomes for projects and whether or not the Corporation is meeting the associated metrics, goals, and development objectives, including, to the extent practicable, in the years after conclusion of projects; and (B) the effect of the Corporation’s support on access to capital and ways in which the Corporation is addressing identifiable market gaps or inefficiencies and what impact, if any, such support has on access to credit for a specific project, country, or sector; (2) an explanation of any partnership arrangement or cooperation with a qualifying sovereign entity in support of each project; (3) projections of— (A) development outcomes, and whether or not support for projects are meeting the associated performance measures, both during the startup phase and over the duration of the support, and to the extent practicable, measures of such development outcomes should be on a genderdisaggregated basis, such as changes in employment, access to financial services, enterprise development and growth, and composition of executive boards and senior leadership of enterprises receiving support under title II; and (B) the value of private sector assets brought to bear relative to the amount of support provided by the Corporation and the value of any other public sector support; and (4) an assessment of the extent to which lessons learned from the monitoring and evaluation activities of the Corporation, and from annual reports from previous years compiled by the Corporation, have been applied to projects. 
The Corporation shall— (1) maintain a userfriendly, publicly available, machinereadable database with detailed countrylevel information, including a description of the support provided by the Corporation under title II; and (2) include a clear link to information about each project supported by the Corporation under title II on the internet website of the Department of State, ‘‘ForeignAssistance.gov’’, or a successor website or other online publication. SEC. 405. ENGAGEMENT WITH INVESTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation, acting through the Chief Development Officer, shall, in cooperation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development— (1) develop a strategic relationship with private sector entities focused at the nexus of business opportunities and development priorities; (2) engage such entities and reduce business risks primarily through direct transaction support and facilitating investment partnerships; (3) develop and support tools, approaches, and intermediaries that can mobilize private finance at scale in the developing world; (4) pursue projects of all sizes, especially those that are small but designed for work in the most underdeveloped areas, including countries with chronic suffering as a result of extreme poverty, fragile institutions, or a history of violence; and (5) pursue projects consistent with the policy of the United States described in section 101 and the Joint Strategic Plan and the Mission Country Development Cooperation Strategies of the United States Agency for International Development. (b) ASSISTANCE .—To achieve the goals described in subsection (a), the Corporation shall— (1) develop risk mitigation tools; (2) provide transaction structuring support for blended finance models; (3) support intermediaries linking capital supply and demand; (4) coordinate with other Federal agencies to support or accelerate transactions; (5) convene financial, donor, civil society, and public sector partners around opportunities for private finance within development priorities; (6) offer strategic planning and programming assistance to catalyze investment into priority sectors; (7) provide transaction structuring support; (8) deliver training and knowledge management tools for engaging private investors; (9) partner with private sector entities that provide access to capital and expertise; and (10) identify and screen new investment partners. (c) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Corporation shall coordinate with the United States Agency for International Development and other agencies and departments, as necessary, on projects and programs supported by the Corporation that include technical assistance. 
SEC. 406. NOTIFICATION OF SUPPORT TO BE PROVIDED BY THE CORPORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 15 days prior to the Corporation making a financial commitment associated with the provision of support under title II in an amount in excess of $10,000,000, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report in writing that contains the information required by subsection (b). (b) INFORMATION REQUIRED .—The information required by this subsection includes— (1) the amount of each such financial commitment; (2) an identification of the recipient or beneficiary; and (3) a description of the project, activity, or asset and the development goal or purpose to be achieved by providing support by the Corporation. 
(a) L IMITATION ON SUPPORT FOR SINGLE ENTITY.—No entity receiving support from the Corporation under title II may receive more than an amount equal to 5 percent of the Corporation’s maximum contingent liability authorized under section 303. (b) PREFERENCE FOR SUPPORT FOR PROJECTS  SPONSORED BY UNITED STATES PERSONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation should give preferential consideration to projects sponsored by or involving private sector entities that are United States persons. (2) UNITED STATES PERSON DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen; or (B) an entity significantly beneficially owned by individuals described in subparagraph (A). (c) PREFERENCE FOR SUPPORT IN COUNTRIES  
INCOMPLIANCE WITHINTERNATIONAL TRADE  OBLIGATIONS .— (1) CONSULTATIONS WITH UNITED STATES  
TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .—Not less frequently than annually, the Corporation shall consult with the United States Trade Representative with respect to the status of countries eligible to receive support from the Corporation under title II and the compliance of those countries with their international trade obligations. (2) PREFERENTIAL CONSIDERATION .—The Corporation shall give preferential consideration to providing support under title II for projects in countries in compliance with or making substantial progress coming into compliance with their international trade obligations. (d) WORKER RIGHTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation should support projects under title II in countries that are taking steps to adopt and implement laws that extend internationally recognized worker rights (as defined in section 507 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2467)) to workers in that country, including any designated zone in that country. (2) REQUIRED CONTRACT LANGUAGE .—The Corporation shall also include the following language, in substantially the following form, in all contracts which the Corporation enters into with eligible investors to provide support under title II: ‘‘The person receiving support agrees not to take actions to prevent employees of the foreign enterprise from lawfully exercising their right of association and their right to organize and bargain collectively. The person further agrees to observe applicable laws relating to a minimum age for employment of children, acceptable conditions of work with respect to minimum wages, hours of work, and occupational health and safety, and not to use forced labor or the worst forms of child labor (as defined in section 507 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2467(6))). The person is not responsible under this paragraph for the actions of a foreign government.’’. (e) ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL IMPACT .— The Board shall not vote in favor of any project proposed to be supported by the Corporation under title II that is likely to have significant adverse environmental or social impacts that are sensitive, diverse, or unprecedented, unless— (1) at least 60 days before the date of the vote, an environmental and social impact assessment or initial environmental and social audit, analyzing the environmental and social impacts of the proposed project and of alternatives to the proposed project, is completed; and (2) such assessment or audit has been made available to the public of the United States, locally affected groups in the country in which the project will be carried out, and nongovernmental organizations in that country. (f) WOMEN ’SECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT .—In utilizing its authorities under title II, the Corporation should consider the impacts of its support on women’s economic opportunities and outcomes and make efforts to mitigate gender gaps and maximize development impact by working to improve women’s economic opportunities. (g) PREFERENCE FOR PROVISION OF SUPPORT  
INCOUNTRIES EMBRACING PRIVATE ENTER PRISE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Corporation should give preferential consideration to projects for which support under title II may potentially be provided in countries the governments of which have demonstrated consistent support for economic policies that promote the development of private enterprise, both domestic and foreign, and maintaining the conditions that enable private enterprise to make its full contribution to the development of such countries, including— (A) marketbased economic policies; (B) protecting private property rights; (C) respect for the rule of law; and (D) systems to combat corruption and bribery. (2) SOURCES OF INFORMATION .—The Corporation should rely on both thirdparty indicators and United States Government information, such as the Department of State’s Investment Climate Statements, the Department of Commerce’s Country Commercial Guides, or the Millennium Challenge Corporation’s Constraints Analysis, to assess whether countries meet the conditions described in paragraph (1). (h) CONSIDERATION OF FOREIGN BOYCOTT  PARTICIPATION .—In providing support for projects under title II, the Corporation shall consider, using information readily available, whether the project is sponsored by or substantially affiliated with any person taking or knowingly agreeing to take actions, or having taken or knowingly agreed to take actions within the past three years, which demonstrate or otherwise evidence intent to comply with, further, or support any boycott fostered or imposed by any foreign country, or request to impose any boycott by any foreign country, against a country which is friendly to the United States and which is not itself the object of any form of boycott pursuant to United States law or regulation. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Before the Corporation provides support for a project under title II, the Corporation shall ensure that private sector entities are afforded an opportunity to support the project. (b) SAFEGUARDS , P OLICIES , AND GUIDELINES .—The Corporation shall develop appropriate safeguards, policies, and guidelines to ensure that support provided by the Corporation under title II— (1) supplements and encourages, but does not compete with, private sector support; (2) operates according to internationally recognized best practices and standards with respect to ensuring the avoidance of market distorting government subsidies and the crowding out of private sector lending; and (3) does not have a significant adverse impact on United States employment. 
SEC. 503. PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT IN SANCTIONED COUNTRIES AND WITH SANCTIONED PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corporation is prohibited from providing support under title II in a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism for purposes of— (1) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (2) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); (3) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or (4) any other provision of law. (b) PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT OF SANCTIONED  PERSONS .—The Corporation is prohibited from supporting a project under title II that directly benefits any entity subject to sanctions imposed by the United States. (c) PROHIBITION ON SUPPORT OF ACTIVITIES  SUBJECT TO SANCTIONS .—The Corporation shall require any entity or party receiving support under title II to certify it, any entity owned or controlled by the entity or party, or any entity or party which owns or otherwise manages the entity or party receiving support, does not conduct any activities subject to sanctions imposed by the United States. 
Subsections (g), (l), and (n) of section 237 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2197) shall apply with respect to the Corporation to the same extent and in the same manner as such subsections applied with respect to the Overseas Private Investment Corporation on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE VI—TRANSITIONAL PROVISIONS 
In this title: (1) AGENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ includes any entity, organizational unit, program, or function. (2) TRANSITION PERIOD .—The term ‘‘transition period’’ means the period— (A) beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) ending on the effective date of the reorganization plan required by section 602(e). 
(a) S UBMISSION OF PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a reorganization plan regarding the following: (A) The transfer of agencies, personnel, assets, and obligations to the Corporation pursuant to this title. (B) Any consolidation, reorganization, or streamlining of agencies transferred to the Corporation pursuant to this title. (C) Any efficiencies or cost savings achieved as a result of the transfer of agencies, personnel, assets, and obligations to the Corporation pursuant to this title, including reductions in unnecessary or duplicative operations, assets, and personnel. (2) CONSULTATION .—Not later than 15 days before the date on which the plan is transmitted pursuant to this subsection, the President shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees on such plan. (b) PLANELEMENTS .—The plan transmitted under subsection (a) shall contain, consistent with this Act, such elements as the President deems appropriate, including the following: (1) Identification of any functions of agencies transferred to the Corporation pursuant to this title that will not be transferred to the Corporation under the plan. (2) Specification of the steps to be taken to organize the Corporation, including the delegation or assignment of functions transferred to the Corporation. (3) Specification of the funds available to each agency that will be transferred to the Corporation as a result of transfers under the plan. 
(4) Specification of the proposed allocations within the Corporation of unexpended funds transferred in connection with transfers under the plan. (5) Specification of any proposed disposition of property, facilities, contracts, records, and other assets and obligations of agencies transferred under the plan. (c) REPORT ON COORDINATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The transfer of functions authorized by this section may occur only after the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development jointly submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Committee on Foreign Relations and Committee on Appropriations of the Senate a report in writing that contains the information required by paragraph (2). (2) INFORMATION REQUIRED .—The information required by this paragraph includes a description in detail of the procedures to be followed after the transfer of functions authorized by this section have occurred to coordinate between the Corporation and the United States Agency for International Development in carrying out the functions so transferred. (d) MODIFICATION OF PLAN.—The President shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees before making any material modification or revision to the plan before the plan becomes effective in accordance with subsection (e). (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The reorganization plan described in this section, including any modifications or revisions of the plan under subsection (c), shall become effective for an agency on the date specified in the plan (or the plan as modified pursuant to subsection (d)), except that such date may not be earlier than 90 days after the date the President has transmitted the reorganization plan to the appropriate congressional committees pursuant to subsection (a). (2) STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to require the transfer of functions, personnel, records, balances of appropriations, or other assets of an agency on a single date. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective at the end of the transition period, there shall be transferred to the Corporation the functions, personnel, assets, and liabilities of— (1) the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) the following elements of the United States Agency for International Development: (A) The Development Credit Authority. (B) The existing Legacy Credit portfolio under the Urban Environment Program and any other direct loan programs and nonDevelopment Credit Authority guaranty programs authorized by the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) or other predecessor Acts, as in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act, other than any sovereign loan guaranties. (b) ADDITIONAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—Ef fective at the end of the transition period, there is authorized to be transferred to the Corporation the functions, personnel, assets, and liabilities of the following elements of the United States Agency for International Development: (1) The Office of Private Capital and Microenterprise. (2) The enterprise funds. (c) SOVEREIGN LOAN GUARANTY TRANS FER.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Effective at the end of the transition period, there is authorized to be transferred to the Corporation or any other appropriate department or agency of the United States Government the loan accounts and the legal rights and responsibilities for the sovereign loan guaranty portfolio held by the United States Agency for International Development as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) INCLUSION IN REORGANIZATION PLAN .— The President shall include in the reorganization plan submitted under section 602 a description of the transfer authorized under paragraph (1). (d) BILATERAL AGREEMENTS .—Any bilateral agreement of the United States in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act that serves as the basis for programs of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation and the Development Credit Authority shall be considered as satisfying the requirements of section 301(a). (e) TRANSITION .—During the transition period, the agencies specified in subsection (a) shall— (1) continue to administer the assets and obligations of those agencies; and (2) carry out such programs and activities authorized under this Act as may be determined by the President. 
SEC. 604. TERMINATION OF OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION AND OTHER SUPERCEDED AUTHORITIES. 
Effective at the end of the transition period— (1) the Overseas Private Investment Corporation is terminated; and (2) title IV of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2191 et seq.) (other than subsections (g), (l), and (n) of section 237 of that Act) is repealed. 
(a) P ROVISION OF ASSISTANCE BY OFFICIALS .—Until the transfer of an agency to the Corporation under section 603, any official having authority over or functions relating to the agency on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act shall provide to the Corporation such assistance, including the use of personnel and assets, as the Corporation may request in preparing for the transfer and integration of the agency into the Corporation. (b) SERVICES AND PERSONNEL .—During the transition period, upon the request of the Corporation, the head of any executive agency may, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis, provide services or detail personnel to assist with the transition. (c) ACTING OFFICIALS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—During the transition period, pending the advice and consent of the Senate to the appointment of an officer required by this Act to be appointed by and with such advice and consent, the President may designate any officer whose appointment was required to be made by and with such advice and consent and who was such an officer before the date of the enactment of this Act (and who continues in office) or immediately before such designation, to act in such office until the same is filled as provided in this Act. While so acting, such officers shall receive compensation at the higher of— (A) the rates provided by this Act for the respective offices in which they act; or (B) the rates provided for the offices held at the time of designation. (2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require the advice and consent of the Senate to the appointment by the President to a position in the Corporation of any officer whose agency is transferred to the Corporation pursuant to this title and whose duties following such transfer are germane to those performed before such transfer. (d) TRANSFER OF PERSONNEL , ASSETS , OBLIGATIONS , ANDFUNCTIONS .—Upon the transfer of an agency to the Corporation under section 603— (1) the personnel, assets, and obligations held by or available in connection with the agency shall be transferred to the Corporation for appropriate allocation, subject to the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and in accordance with section 1531(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code; and (2) the Corporation shall have all functions— (A) relating to the agency that any other official could by law exercise in relation to the agency immediately before such transfer; and (B) vested in the Corporation by this Act or other law. 
(a) C OMPLETED ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Completed administrative actions of an agency shall not be affected by the enactment of this Act or the transfer of such agency to the Corporation under section 603, but shall continue in effect according to their terms until amended, modified, superseded, terminated, set aside, or revoked in accordance with law by an officer of the United States or a court of competent jurisdiction, or by operation of law. (2) COMPLETED ADMINISTRATIVE ACTION DE FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘completed administrative action’’ includes orders, determinations, rules, regulations, personnel actions, permits, agreements, grants, contracts, certificates, policies, licenses, registrations, and privileges. (b) PENDING PROCEEDINGS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Pending proceedings in an agency, including notices of proposed rulemaking, and applications for licenses, permits, certificates, grants, and financial assistance, shall continue notwithstanding the enactment of this Act or the transfer of the agency to the Corporation, unless discontinued or modified under the same terms and conditions and to the same extent that such discontinuance could have occurred if such enactment or transfer had not occurred. (2) ORDERS .—Orders issued in proceedings described in paragraph (1), and appeals therefrom, and payments made pursuant to such orders, shall issue in the same manner and on the same terms as if this Act had not been enacted or the agency had not been transferred, and any such orders shall continue in effect until amended, modified, superseded, terminated, set aside, or revoked by an officer of the United States or a court of competent jurisdiction, or by operation of law. (c) PENDING CIVIL ACTIONS .—Pending civil actions shall continue notwithstanding the enactment of this Act or the transfer of an agency to the Corporation, and in such civil actions, proceedings shall be had, appeals taken, and judgments rendered and enforced in the same manner and with the same effect as if such enactment or transfer had not occurred. (d) REFERENCES .—References relating to an agency that is transferred to the Corporation under section 603 in statutes, Executive orders, rules, regulations, directives, or delegations of authority that precede such transfer or the date of the enactment of this Act shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate, to the Corporation, to its officers, employees, or agents, or to its corresponding organizational units or functions. Statutory reporting requirements that applied in relation to such an agency immediately before the effective date of this Act shall continue to apply 
following such transfer if they refer to the agency by name. (e) EMPLOYMENT PROVISIONS .— (1) REGULATIONS .—The Corporation may, in regulations prescribed jointly with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, adopt the rules, procedures, terms, and conditions, established by statute, rule, or regulation before the date of the enactment of this Act, relating to employment in any agency transferred to the Corporation under section 603. (2) EFFECT OF TRANSFER ON CONDITIONS OF  
EMPLOYMENT .—Except as otherwise provided in this Act, or under authority granted by this Act, the transfer pursuant to this title of personnel shall not alter the terms and conditions of employment, including compensation, of any employee so transferred. (f) STATUTORY REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— Any statutory reporting requirement that applied to an agency transferred to the Corporation under this title immediately before the date of the enactment of this Act shall continue to apply following that transfer if the statutory requirement refers to the agency by name. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Act, whenever all the functions vested by law in any agency have been transferred pursuant to this title, each position and office the incumbent of which was authorized to receive compensation at the rates prescribed for an office or position at level II, III, IV, or V of the Executive Schedule under subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, shall terminate. 
The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Corporation, is authorized and directed to make such additional incidental dispositions of personnel, assets, and liabilities held, used, arising from, available, or to be made available, in connection with the functions transferred by this title, as the Director may determine necessary to accomplish the purposes of this Act. 
With respect to any function transferred under this title (including under a reorganization plan under section 602) and exercised on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, reference in any other Federal law to any department, commission, or agency or any officer or office the functions of which are so transferred shall be deemed to refer to the Corporation or official or component of the Corporation to which that function is so transferred. 
(a) E XEMPT PROGRAMS .—Section 255(g) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 905(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation, Noncredit Account (71–4184–0–3– 151).’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation.’’. (b) EXECUTIVE SCHEDULE .—Title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 5314, by striking ‘‘President, Overseas Private Investment Corporation.’’; (2) in section 5315, by striking ‘‘Executive Vice President, Overseas Private Investment Corporation.’’; and (3) in section 5316, by striking ‘‘Vice Presidents, Overseas Private Investment Corporation (3).’’. (c) OFFICE OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE OF THE  SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION .—Section 22 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, Director’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board of Directors of the United States International Development Finance Corporation, the Director’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (d) UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN COMMER CIAL SERVICE .—Section 2301 of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4721) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (e) TRADE PROMOTION COORDINATING COMMITTEE .—Section 2312(d)(1)(K) of the Export Enhancement Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4727(d)(1)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (f) INTERAGENCY TRADE DATA ADVISORY  COMMITTEE .—Section 5402(b) of the Omnibus Trade and Competitiveness Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 4902(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Executive Officer of the United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (g) MISUSE OF NAMES OF FEDERAL AGENCIES.—Section 709 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘‘Overseas Private Investment’, ‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’, or ‘OPIC’,’’ and inserting ‘‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’ or ‘DFC’’’. (h) ENGAGEMENT ON CURRENCY EXCHANGE  RATE AND ECONOMIC POLICIES .—Section 701(c)(1)(A) of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4421(c)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (i) INTERNSHIPS WITHINSTITUTE FOR INTER NATIONAL PUBLIC POLICY .—Section 625 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1131c(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (j) FOREIGN ASSISTANCE ACT OF 1961.—The Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 449B(b)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2296b(b)(2)), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’; and (2) in section 481(e)(4)(A) (22 U.S.C. 2291(e)(4)(A)), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(including programs under title IV of chapter 2, relating to the Overseas Private Investment Corporation)’’ and inserting ‘‘(and any support under title II of the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018, relating to the United States International Development Finance Corporation)’’. (k) ELECTRIFY AFRICA ACT OF 2015.—Sec tions 5 and 7 of the Electrify Africa Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–121; 22 U.S.C. 2293 note) are amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (l) FOREIGN AIDTRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016.—Section 2(3) of the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–191; 22 U.S.C. 2394c note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘except for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘chapter 3’’ and insert ‘‘except for chapter 3’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018.’’. (m) SUPPORT FOR EASTEUROPEAN DEMOC RACY (SEED) P ROGRAM .—The Support for East European Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2(c) (22 U.S.C. 5401(c)), by striking paragraph (12) and inserting the following: ‘‘(12) UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL DEVEL OPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION .—Programs of the United States International Development Finance Corporation.’’; and (2) in section 201(e) (22 U.S.C. 5421(e)), by striking ‘‘Agency for International Development’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (n) CUBAN LIBERTY AND DEMOCRATIC SOLIDARITY (LIBERTAD) A CT OF 1996.—Section 202(b)(2)(B)(iv) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6062(b)(2)(B)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (o) INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM ACT 
OF1998.—Section 405(a)(10) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6445(a)(10)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (p) TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT 
OF2000.—Section 103(8)(A) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(8)(A)) is amended in clause (viii) to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) any support under title II of the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018 relating to the United States International Development Finance Corporation; and’’. (q) TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT IN DEVEL OPING COUNTRIES .—Section 732(b) of the Global Environmental Protection Assistance Act of 1989 (22 U.S.C. 7902(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (r) EXPANDED NONMILITARY ASSISTANCE FOR  UKRAINE .—Section 7(c)(3) of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8926(c)(3)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORA TION’’ and inserting ‘‘U NITED STATES INTER NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORA TION’’; (2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’; and (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘by eligible investors (as defined in section 238 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2198))’’. (s) GLOBAL FOODSECURITY ACT OF 2016.— Section 4(7) of the Global Food Security Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9303(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (t) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EUROPEAN AND  EURASIAN ENERGY SECURITY .—Section 257(c)(2)(B) of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9546(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. 
(u) W HOLLY OWNED GOVERNMENT CORPORA TION.—Section 9101(3) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’. (v) ENERGY INDEPENDENCE AND SECURITY  ACT OF 2007.—Title IX of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17321 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 914 (42 U.S.C. 17334)— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
DEVELOPMENT FINANCE CORPORATION ’’; (B) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation’’; and (C) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation shall include in its annual report required under section 240A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2200a)’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation shall include in its annual report required under section 403 of the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018’’; and (2) in section 916(a)(2)(I) (42 U.S.C. 17336(a)(2)(I)), by striking ‘‘Overseas Private Investment Corporation:’’ and inserting ‘‘United States International Development Finance Corporation;’’. (w) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect at the end of the transition period. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is the BUILD Act. Across the globe, lack of access to capital is constraining economic growth, especially in the world’s least developed countries. According to the International Finance Corporation, micro, small, and mediumsized enterprises have an unmet financing need of more than $5 trillion every year in emerging markets, depriving them of the capital that they need to grow. Foreign investment is critical to empowering entrepreneurs, critical to creating jobs and to reducing poverty. Our country has an undeniable interest in supporting the development of vibrant and stable economies around the world. Healthy private sectors promote good governance and support thriving civil societies. It helps reduce civil strife. The resulting stability is good for our national security and also benefits U.S. exports and jobs. Increasingly, other countries are working to advance their economic and political interests by shaping overseas markets. China’s One Belt, One Road initiative is estimated at $1 trillion. This dwarfs the size of the Marshall Plan that rebuilt wartorn Europe in the 1940s and 1950s. Across Africa, Asia, and beyond, Beijing is making massive investments in new construction and infrastructure projects, from the headquarters of the African Union to a port in Djibouti, where both the U.S. and China now have military bases. Beijing now owns 80 percent of this strategically located African nation’s foreign debt. As the president and CEO of OPIC, the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, testified to the Foreign Affairs Committee, his words: ‘‘A condition of many of these loans is that Chinese firms, and labor, get the business. . . . This statedirected approach is not consistent with our values, which incorporate the high standards of international financial institutions related to governance, transparency, debt sustainability, environmental, and social safeguards.’’ Chinese development practices have often left countries worse off—and I have seen this with my own eyes—putting some countries into debt distress. Last December, Sri Lanka gave control of the strategic Sri Lankan port to Beijing for 99 years after it could not repay the Chinesebacked loans to fund it. That granted Beijing a foothold in the Indian Ocean and its critical shipping lanes. And due to Beijing’s ‘‘no strings attached’’ financing, some of Africa’s most brutal regimes have been thrown an economic lifeline that undermines democratic governance. Unlike the United States, Beijing does not have an anticorruption standard. It is willing to fund just about any government, from Venezuela to Sudan. The U.S. cannot and should not match China’s investments dollarfor dollar, but we can and should do more to support international economic development with partners who have embraced the private sectordriven development model. However, America’s development finance tool kit, which is spread across multiple agencies, is limited, it is duplicative, it is uncoordinated. So the BUILD Act will address these shortcomings. It will modernize America’s antiquated development finance capabilities to address the challenges of this century. Specifically, it will merge OPIC and USAID’s development credit authority into a standalone U.S. international development finance corporation with new authorities. b1715 Among these new authorities will be the ability to cofinance projects with our allies like the U.K. What this is going to do, just on the U.S. side, is this is going to double their book of business. Through the provision of loans and guarantees and limited equity investments and feasibility studies, political risk insurance, and other investments of support, the new Development Finance Corporation will mobilize private capital to provide countries a competitive alternative to the statedirected approach of Beijing and Moscow. I am pleased that this bill doesn’t just merge existing functions together but also includes critical reforms to protect taxpayers, to improve government efficiency, and to make America’s development finance toolkit very effective. Notably, it adopts many of the same principles as the Millennium Challenge Corporation, including the constraints analysis, which directs investment to where it will have the most impact. This bill will create a dedicated inspector general of the new corporation. It will require that the corporation prioritize support in the poorest countries and those making continual progress towards economic policies that support free enterprise, and it will create lasting institutional linkages between the Development Finance Corporation and other development agencies. This bill has got strong support from the White House, which made it a priority in its National Security Strategy and 2019 budget. In short, the BUILD Act represents a major opportunity for this Congress and the executive branch to transform and modernize our Nation’s tools to support global development and increase opportunities for American entrepreneurs in these emerging markets. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write concerning H.R. 5105, the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of2018. This legislation includes matters that I believe fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 5105, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Further, I appreciate your agreement to incorporate changes suggested by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure into the bill prior to floor consideration. Finally, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I ask that you support my request to have the Committee represented on the conference committee. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look 
forward to working with the Committee on Foreign Affairs as the bill moves through the legislative process, Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request on H.R. 5105, the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development (BUILD) Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. Edits requested by your committee have been incorporated in the bill text scheduled for consideration by the House. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5105 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5105. H.R. 5105, the BUILD Act, which stands for Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act, modernizes our international development finance system. It does so by consolidating the existing Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which has the most unfortunate acronym in the Federal Government, since it is referred to as OPIC and is often confused with OPEC. It consolidates that organization into the new Development Finance Corporation. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this important measure. I want to start by commending the lead sponsors of this bipartisan bill, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), whom I am pleased to work with on the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee, where he serves as chairman and I serve as ranking member; and the second lead sponsor of this legislation, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH), the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee. It has been more than a decade since Congress last updated OPIC’s charter. The landscape in development finance has changed substantially, and we now need a new approach to the way our government uses financial instruments to spur economic development and tackle poverty in the developing world. Mr. Speaker, I particularly want to thank the leadership of the committee and the sponsors of the legislation for accepting four of my amendments. The first of these requires a certification from the new DFC, or Development Finance Corporation, that the corporations that benefit from their investment and their affiliates do not conduct any activity which is the subject of U.S. sanctions. This is an important safeguard to ensure that entities that engage in contact that violates U.S. Government sanctions do not benefit from U.S. Government financing. Simply prohibiting the support of sanctioned entities is not enough. We need an affirmative statement from prospective beneficiaries of the DFC that they and their affiliates are in compliance with American sanctions law. Second, the new agency will need to consider whether the benefiting entity is participating in a foreign boycott that is at crosspurposes with American foreign policy. The U.S. should not be in the business of providing assistance to entities that participate in discriminatory boycotts against foreign countries. Since the 1970s, we have had on the books laws designed to prevent our corporations from participating in the Arab League boycott of Israel. It is common sense that the DFC, when it is selecting projects, should take this into consideration. So my amendment will do just that. I should point out that there is another amendment that I would have offered, but, instead, we secured a letter from OPIC that will be binding policy on the new DFC stating that the DFC will not finance regional projects in the Caucasus that are designed to exclude Armenia. If it doesn’t make geographic sense that a regional railroad or road or other activity excludes Armenia, then that is OPIC policy that will be carried forward with the new agency that this will not be financed by the DFC. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letters from OPIC in the RECORD . 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE  INVESTMENT CORPORATION , Washington, DC, May 8, 2018. Hon. BRADSHERMAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SHERMAN : Thank you for your continued support of U.S. development finance, including your support for H.R. 5105, the BUILD Act. Knowing of your longstanding support for Armenia, I wanted to clarify an issue raised by your office in writing. The Overseas Private Investment Corporation will not support regional projects in the Caucasus that deliberately, by design or effect, exclude Armenia from participation or benefit, unless such exclusion is necessitated by geographic or economic impracticality. As you know, when the BUILD Act legislation is enacted into law, the functions, personnel, assets, liabilities and policies of OPIC will transfer to the U.S. Development Finance Corporation. Accordingly, this will become the policy of the DFC. Again, thank you for your continued support. Regards, CAMERON S. A LFORD , Deputy General Counsel, Projects. 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE  INVESTMENT CORPORATION , Washington, DC, May 8, 2018. Hon, BRADSHERMAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SHERMAN : Thank you for your continued support of U.S. development finance, including your support for H.R. 5105, the BUILD Act. I wanted to clarify an issue raised by your office in writing. The Overseas Private Investment Corporation’s Environmental and Social Policy Statement (ESPS) includes OPIC’s greenhouse gas policy developed pursuant to Section 7079(b) of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–117; 123 Stat. 3396). As a result of the inclusion of the word ‘‘policies’’ in Section 606(a)(2) of the BUILD Act Amendment in the Nature of a Substitute, OPIC’s ESPS will be transferred to the U.S. Development Finance Corporation. Accordingly, this will become the policy of the DFC. Again, thank you for your continued support. Regards, CAMERON S. A LFORD , Deputy General Counsel, Projects. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, the third amendment that I thank the sponsors for agreeing to requires an annual report from the new DFC on its compliance with its own human rights, labor, environmental, and social policies. OPIC maintains robust environmental and social policies. This bill carries those policies forward so the new DFC will follow them and will now make an annual report so that Congress can see whether these policies are actually being implemented. The fourth such amendment states that, as to the four public nongovernmental members of the DFC board, that we take into account their experience in international environmental, developmental, and labor organizations. There are a number of other factors that go into selecting the public members of the board, but certainly experience in the environment and labor ought to be taken into consideration. The BUILD Act updates U.S. development finance and, I think, will complement our foreign assistance efforts. With this bill, we can keep the U.S. as a global leader in promoting economic prosperity around the world while, at the same time, encouraging American jobs. I support this measure and hope my colleagues will join me in doing so. Once again, this bill had a unanimous, bipartisan voice vote in our committee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). He is the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and he is the author of this legislation. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to speak on behalf of H.R. 5105, the 
BUILD Act, and urge its passage in this Chamber. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member ENGEL , Ranking Member S HERMAN , and my lead cosponsor, ADAM SMITH of Washington, for the hard work they and their teams have done to bring this bill to the floor. These gentlemen worked tirelessly along with their teams. I would also like to give a shoutout to our legislative director, James Walsh, who did yeoman’s work for this bill. Today, America is confronting unprecedented instability and growing humanitarian crises around the world, all of which have a direct impact on our national security and economic interests here at home. Delivering effective U.S. foreign assistance is crucial, especially in the current fiscal climate in which it is imperative for the U.S. Government to use every dollar more efficiently and effectively. The BUILD Act will ensure the United States delivers foreign assistance both effectively and efficiently by catalyzing the private sector to invest in developing countries. Of our top 15 trading partners, 12 of them were once recipients of foreign aid. Fortythree of our top 50 consumer nations of American agriculture products were once U.S. foreign aid recipients. Additionally, 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of the United States, and the poorest two thirds of the world now represent about $5 trillion in purchasing power. Their markets are growing faster than many of our traditional partners and are central to the future of America’s economic prosperity, job growth, and security. It is imperative to the United States economy that we seize upon these opportunities and make the investment now so that we may reap the benefits down the road. One of the ways to do this is to make our development finance more efficient and nimble. U.S. businesses have the capital to invest and lead the world in the understanding of capital markets and sophisticated financial transactions, generally delivering investments in infrastructure and other industries quicker and less expensively. Despite our comparative advantage, other countries, especially China, are using development finance institutions more effectively to expand their influence into the developing world, even here in the Western Hemisphere in the country of Haiti. Our tools for development finance are dispersed across too many Federal agencies and need to be streamlined. The primary U.S. development agency, OPIC, has not been significantly updated since its creation in 1971. The BUILD Act will modernize all foreign finance development and bring it into the 21st century. As you can imagine, the world of financial development has vastly changed since 1970, as all things do, to stay competitive. A modernized Development Finance Corporation is imperative to capitalizing upon those changes. It will help transition countries from aid to trade. We want to help countries become robust trading partners with the United States. By doing so, we will be helping create stable, selfsufficient societies around the world and open new markets for U.S. goods and services. If we are trading goods, economies are growing, they are growing stronger, and relationships are forged, increasing national security. There is truth to the saying, ‘‘a rising tide lifts all boats.’’ The BUILD Act will help make this a reality by transitioning recipient countries again from aid to trade. In addition to improving efficiency, the BUILD Act also creates a more significant amount of oversight and increases the United States’ development effectiveness. The BUILD Act empowers the new Development Finance Corporation, as Secretary Pompeo testified to the Senate, ‘‘to have the flexibility to identify a development need, bring to bear the right resources over the right period and manage it in a way that effectively delivers the outcome and measures it all along the way.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleague to pass the BUILD Act. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH), the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee and the lead Democratic sponsor of this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I really want to thank Congressman YOHO. We have worked together on this bill. We have also worked together as cochairs of the Caucus for Effective Foreign Assistance. This bill really shows the bipartisan support on the committee. I certainly want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work, as well, towards a very important goal, and that is to make more effective use of U.S. foreign aid and foreign development. It is a crucial tool right now in the world. We need as many friends and as many partners as we can find in the world. Development through USAID and other agencies is a crucial way that we build the relationships and, as has been mentioned by all three of the previous speakers, as importantly, build the capacity of our partners to have a strong economy and to grow. What this bill does is it makes our foreign investment policy better, more cohesive, and more robust. It enables that agency to invest in the projects that are necessary to help it be successful by expanding what it can do, by expanding its ability to work with other partners, to work with the private sector, and, crucially, to take an equity stake in some of their investments, something that current law prohibits. This will greatly expand their ability to find projects across the developing world to invest in and help grow these countries and move them forward. The overall goal of foreign aid is to make sure that there, hopefully, at some point, are no countries in the world that can’t provide for their people, to go after poverty, to reduce it wherever we can. There are a lot of different projects that are important to foreign aid. Certainly, global health, education, and direct assistance all play a crucial role. But I would submit that nothing is more important than enabling these countries to develop their own economy by giving them the capital they need to invest in projects and grow businesses so that they become self sustaining partners. This bill does a crucially important job in making sure that the U.S. contribution to that effort is as effective as it possibly can be. It lives up to the name of our caucus, effective foreign assistance. This is critically important. A lot of times people think of foreign aid as being, well, that is just sort of a leftwing issue. Well, I want you to know there is true bipartisan support in this Congress by Republicans and Democrats to improve the quality of our foreign aid. b1730 I thank Congressman YOHO for his leadership on that. He has done a great job in making sure that this is a bipartisan issue because it is crucial that we reduce poverty and improve security across the globe, and it is also crucial that the U.S., as the largest, strongest economy in the world, plays a strong role in that effort. This bill will put us in a better position to do precisely that. I will also say, I think this is but the first of many efforts that we can have on improving the quality of foreign aid, of making it more effective and more robust. It is worth noting that this bill also expands the amount of money that is available to our foreign lending. It gives them more money to deal with. I strongly support this bill, this bipartisan effort, and I appreciate Congressman YOHO’s leadership. I look forward to continuing to work with him on this and many other issues. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4989. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to commend the sponsors of this legislation and the leadership of our committee. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, 
and I point out that this bill received a unanimous bipartisan voice vote in our committee, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5105, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WOMEN’S ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ECONOMIC EMPOWERMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5480) to improve programs and activities relating to women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment that are carried out by the United States Agency for International Development, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5480 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Because women make up the majority of the world’s poor and gender inequalities prevail in incomes, wages, access to finance, ownership of assets, and control over the allocation of resources, women’s entrepreneurship and economic empowerment is important to achieve inclusive economic growth at all levels of society. Research shows that when women exert greater influence over household finances, economic outcomes for families improve, and childhood survival rates, food security, and educational attainment increase. Women also tend to place a greater emphasis on household savings which improves families’ financial resiliency. (2) A 2016 report by the McKinsey Global Institute estimated that achieving global gender parity in economic activity could add as much as $28 trillion to annual global gross domestic product (GDP) by 2025. (3) Lack of access to financial services that address genderspecific constraints impedes women’s economic inclusion. More than one billion women around the world are currently left out of the formal financial system, which in turn causes many women to rely on informal means of saving and borrowing that are riskier and less reliable. Among other consequences, this hampers the success of women entrepreneurs, including those seeking to run or grow small and mediumsized enterprises (SMEs). The International Finance Corporation has estimated that 70 percent of womenowned SMEs in the formal sector are unserved or underserved in terms of access to credit, amounting to a $285 billion credit gap. (4) Women’s economic empowerment is inextricably linked to a myriad of other women’s human rights that are essential to their ability to thrive as economic actors across the lifecycle. This includes, but is not limited to, living lives free of violence and exploitation, achieving the highest possible standard of health and wellbeing, enjoying full legal and human rights such as access to registration, identification, and citizenship documents, benefitting from formal and informal education, and equal protection of and access to land and property rights, access to fundamental labor rights, policies to address disproportionate care burdens, and business and management skills and leadership opportunities. (5) Discriminatory legal and regulatory systems and banking practices are hurdles to women’s access to capital and assets, including land, machinery, production facilities, technology, and human resources. Often, these barriers are connected to a woman’s marital status, which can determine whether she is able to inherit land or own property in her name. These constraints contribute to women frequently running smaller businesses, with fewer employees and lower asset values. (6) Savings groups primarily comprised of women are recognized as a vital entry point, especially for poor and very poor women, to formal financial services and there is a high demand for such groups to protect and grow their savings with formal financial institutions. Evidence shows that, once linked to a bank, the average savings per member increases between 40 to 100 percent and the average profit per member doubles. Key to these outcomes is investing in financial literacy, business leadership training, and mentorship. (7) United States support for microenterprise and microfinance development programs, which seek to reduce poverty in low income countries by giving small loans to smallscale entrepreneurs without collateral, have been a useful mechanism to help families weather economic shocks, but many microcredit borrowers largely remain in poverty. The vast majority of microcredit borrowers are women who would like to move up the economic ladder but are held back by binding constraints that create a ‘‘missing middle’’–large numbers of microenterprises, a handful of large firms or conglomerates, and very few SMEs in between, which are critical to driving economic growth in developing countries. (8) According to the World Bank, SMEs create 4 out of 5 new positions in emerging markets but about half of formal SMEs don’t have access to formal credit. The financing gap is even larger when micro and informal enterprises are taken into account. Overall, approximately 70 percent of all micro, small and mediumsized enterprises (MSMEs) in emerging markets lack access to credit. 
SEC. 3. ACTIONS TO IMPROVE GENDER POLICIES OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT COOPERATION POLICY .—It shall be the development cooperation policy of the United States— (1) to reduce gender disparities in access to, control over, and benefit from economic, social, political, and cultural resources, wealth, opportunities, and services; (2) to strive to eliminate genderbased violence and mitigate its harmful effects on individuals and communities through efforts to develop standards and capacity to reduce genderbased violence in the workplace and other places where women conduct work; (3) to support activities that secure private property rights and land tenure for women in developing countries, including legal frameworks to give women equal rights to own, register, use, profit from, and inherit land and property, legal literacy to exercise these rights, and capacity of law enforcement and community leaders to enforce such rights; and (4) to increase the capability of women and girls to realize their rights, determine their life outcomes, assume leadership roles, and influence decisionmaking in households, communities, and societies. (b) ACTIONS .—In order to advance the policy described in subsection (a), the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall ensure that— (1) strategies, projects, and activities of the Agency are shaped by a gender analysis and, when applicable, use standard indicators to provide one measure of success of such strategies, projects, and activities; and (2) gender equality and female empowerment is integrated throughout the Agency’s Program Cycle and related processes for purposes of strategic planning, project design and implementation, and monitoring and evaluation. (c) GENDER ANALYSIS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘gender analysis’’— (1) means a socioeconomic analysis of available or gathered quantitative and qualitative information to identify, understand, and explain gaps between men and women which typically involves examining— (A) differences in the status of women and men and their differential access to and control over assets, resources, opportunities, and services; (B) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on the division of time between paid employment, unpaid work (including subsistence production and care for family members), and volunteer activities; (C) the influence of gender roles, structural barriers, and norms on leadership roles and decision making; constraints, opportunities, and entry points for narrowing gender gaps and empowering women; and (D) potential differential impacts of development policies and programs on men and women, including unintended or negative consequences; and (2) includes conclusions and recommendations to enable development policies and programs to narrow gender gaps and improve the lives of women and girls. 
SEC. 4. DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUMSIZED ENTERPRISES. 
(a) F INDINGS AND POLICY .—Section 251 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprise’’; (B) by striking ‘‘and in the development’’ and inserting ‘‘, in the development’’; and (C) by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘, and in the economic empowerment of the poor, especially women’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprise’’; and (B) by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘, particularly those enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘microenterprise’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprise’’; (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘should continue’’ and inserting ‘‘should continue and be expanded’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise and microfinance development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (6) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘have been successful’’ and inserting ‘‘have had some success’’; (B) by striking ‘‘microenterprise programs’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, such as countries in Latin America’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION ; IMPLEMENTATION ; TARGETED ASSISTANCE .—Section 252 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211a) is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘credit, savings, and other services’’ and inserting ‘‘credit, including the use of innovative credit scoring models, savings, financial technology, financial literacy, insurance, property rights, and other services’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprise clients’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprise clients, particularly those clients owned, managed, and controlled by women’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘acquire United States goods and services,’’ after ‘‘United States markets,’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘financial intermediaries’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise clients’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘microfinance and microenterprise clients and institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises, financial intermediaries, and capital markets’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the poor and very poor.’’ and inserting ‘‘the poor and very poor, especially women;’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) assistance for the purpose of promoting the economic empowerment of women, including through increased access to financial resources and improving property rights, inheritance rights, and other legal protections; and ‘‘(6) assistance for the purpose of scaling up evidencebased graduation approaches, which include targeting the very poor and households in ultrapoverty, consumption support, promotion of savings, skills training, and asset transfers.’’. (2) In subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be established within the Agency an office to support the Agency’s efforts to broaden and deepen local financial markets, expand access to appropriate financial products and services, and support the development of micro, small and mediumsized enterprises. The Office shall be headed by a Director who shall possess technical expertise and ability to offer leadership in the field of financial sector development.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘USE OF CENTRAL FUNDING  
MECHANISMS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In order to ensure’’ and inserting ‘‘USE OF  CENTRAL FUNDING MECHANISMS .—In order to ensure’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the office shall’’ and all that follows through ‘‘and other practitioners’’ and inserting ‘‘the office shall provide coordination and support for fieldimplemented programs, including through targeted core support for micro, small and mediumsized enterprises and local financial markets’’; and (III) by striking clause (ii); (ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, particularly by protecting the use and funding of local organizations in countries in which the Agency invests,’’ after ‘‘and sustainability’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘, especially women’’ after ‘‘the poor and very poor’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (3). (3) In subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘all microenterprise resources’’ and inserting ‘‘all micro, small and mediumsized enterprise resources’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘clients who are very poor.’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘activities that reach the very poor, and 50 percent of all small and mediumsized enterprise resources shall be targeted to activities that reach enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women.’’. (c) MONITORING SYSTEM .—Section 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211b(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including goals on a gender disaggregated basis, such as improvements in employment, access to financial services, enterprise development, earnings and control over income, and property and land rights,’’ after ‘‘performance goals’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘include performance indicators’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘incorporate Agency planning and reporting processes and indicators to measure or assess the achievement’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (4). (d) POVERTY MEASUREMENT METHODS .—Sec tion 254 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211c) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘The Administrator of the Agency, in consultation with financial intermediaries and other appropriate organizations, should have in place at least one method for implementing partners to use to assess poverty levels of their current incoming or prospective clients.’’. (e) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—Section 255 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2211d) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘assistance for microenterprise development assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘development assistance for micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and, to the extent applicable’’ and all that follows and inserting a period. (f) MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT CREDITS.—Section 256 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2212) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
SMALL AND MEDIUM SIZED ENTERPRISES ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘micro and small enterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; (3) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and other financial services’’ after ‘‘credit’’; (4) by striking ‘‘microenterprise households’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises and households’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘microfinance institutions’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘financial intermediaries’’. (g) UNITED STATES MICROFINANCE LOANFACILITY .—Section 257 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2213) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United Statessupported microfinance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘United Statessupported financial intermediaries’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘United Statessupported microfinance institutions’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘United Statessupported financial intermediaries’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘microfinance institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘financial intermediaries’’. (h) CONTENTS OF REPORT .—Subsection (b) of section 258 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) CONTENTS .—To the extent practicable, the report should contain the following: ‘‘(1) Information about assistance provided under section 252, including— ‘‘(A) the amount of each grant or other form of assistance; ‘‘(B) the name and type of each intermediary and implementing partner organization receiving assistance; ‘‘(C) the name of each country receiving assistance; and ‘‘(D) the methodology used to ensure compliance with the targeted assistance requirements in subsection (c) of such section. ‘‘(2) The percentage of assistance provided under section 252 disaggregated by income level, including for the very poor, and gender. ‘‘(3) The estimated number of individuals that received assistance provided under section 252 disaggregated by income level, including for the very poor, and gender, and by type of assistance, including loans, training, and business development services. ‘‘(4) The results of the monitoring system required under section 253. ‘‘(5) Information about any method in place to assess poverty levels under section 254.’’. (i) DEFINITIONS .—Section 259 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2214a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Committee on International Relations’’ and inserting ‘‘Committee on Foreign Affairs’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘microenterprises’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprises’’; (3) in paragraph (6)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘microenterprise institution’’ and inserting ‘‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprise institution’’; and (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘financial intermediary’’; (4) in paragraph (7) to read as follows: ‘‘(7) MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM SIZED EN TERPRISE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘micro, small and mediumsized enterprise institution’ means an entity that provides services, including finance, training, or business development services, for micro, small and mediumsized enterprises in foreign countries.’’; (5) in paragraph (8) to read as follows: ‘‘(8) FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY .—The term ‘financial intermediary’ means the entity that acts as the intermediary between parties in a financial transaction, such as a bank, credit union, investment fund, a village savings and loan group, or an institution that provides financial services to a micro, small or mediumsized enterprise.’’; (6) by striking paragraph (9); 
(7) by redesignating paragraphs (10) through (14) as paragraphs (9) through (13), respectively; (8) in paragraph (9) (as redesignated), by striking ‘‘of microenterprise development’’; (9) in paragraph (10) to read as follows: ‘‘(10) PRACTITIONER INSTITUTION .—The term ‘practitioner institution’ means a notfor profit entity, financial intermediary, information and communications technology firm with a mobile money platform, a village and savings loan group, or any other entity that provides financial or business development services authorized under section 252 that benefits micro, small and mediumsized enterprise clients.’’; (10) in paragraph (12) (as redesignated)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
STATES SUPPORTED MICROFINANCE INSTITU TION’’ and inserting ‘‘ UNITED STATES SUPPORTED FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARY ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘United Statessupported microfinance institution’’ and inserting ‘‘United Statessupported financial intermediary’’; (11) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (13) (as redesignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) living below the International Poverty Line, as defined by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the International Development Association (collectively referred to as the ‘World Bank’).’’. (j) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENT .—Title VI of chapter 2 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 is amended in the title heading by striking ‘‘MICROENTERPRISE DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE’’ and inserting ‘‘DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE FOR MICRO, SMALL AND MEDIUM– SIZED ENTERPRISES’’. 
SEC. 5. REPORT AND BRIEFING BY UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development shall provide a briefing and submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, including actions to improve the gender policies of the United States Agency for International Development pursuant to section 3. (b) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be posted and made available on a textbased, searchable, and publiclyavailable internet website. 
SEC. 6. REPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on development assistance for micro, small and mediumsized enterprises administered by the United States Agency for International Development. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the following: (1) What is known about the impact of such development assistance on the economies of developing countries. (2) The extent to which such development assistance is targeting women and the very poor, including what is known about how such development assistance benefits women. (3) The extent to which the United States Agency for International Development has developed a methodology used to ensure compliance with the targeted assistance requirement in section 252(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended by section 4 of this Act, and the quality of such methodology. (4) The monitoring system required in section 253(b) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended by section 4 of this Act, including the quality of such monitoring system. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the record. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California. There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am the author of this measure. It is the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, and I want to thank those members on the staff that worked on this measure: Amy Porter, Joan Condon, Jessica Kelch, and Emily Cottle, and I thank them because around the globe, women make up the majority of the world’s poor. This is due, in part, to gender constraints that in some places deny women access to basic financial services, like savings accounts. Today, more than 1 billion women remain left outside of the formal financial system, and womenowned, small and mediumsized enterprises face a $300 billion credit gap. A 2014 analysis found that closing the gender gap and access to credit for small and medium sized womenowned businesses would increase per capita GDP by 12 percent in developing countries. That is because when women exercise greater influence over finances, literally, everyone benefits. Childhood survival rates, food security, children’s education, economic opportunity for families, all of that increases. Investment in women yields results for entire communities. Indeed, countries with high female labor force participation rates are more resilient to economic shocks and suffer fewer slowdowns in economic growth. A 2016 report estimated that achieving global gender parity in economic activity by 2025 would add as much as $28 trillion to annual GDP, an amount equal to the combined economies of the United States and China. Confronting the barriers that keep women from being able to fully participate in their local markets is key to generating sustainable, economic growth. And this means not only expanding women’s access to the financial system, but also, as cell phones become more and more available, expanding their access to new financial technology like mobile money. The Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act addresses barriers to women’s economic inclusion in developing countries by requiring that all USAID strategies and projects and activities be shaped by a gender analysis and by expanding the agency’s microenterprise assistance authorities to support smalland mediumsized womenowned businesses. This is critical as small and mediumsized enterprises create four out of five new jobs in developing economies. So the bill is the result of the committee’s extended focus on empowering women and girls through U.S. foreign policy, which has been the subject of five full committee hearings and other subcommittee hearings in recent Congresses. Our women’s empowerment initiative has produced significant legislation including: the Girls Count Act of 2015, the Protecting Girls’ Access to Education in Vulnerable Settings Act, and the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017, among others. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we should invest our limited foreign assistance dollars wisely, and I have seen the good things that happen when we focus on empowering women. That is what this bill does, and I ask for my colleagues’ support in helping to make it happen. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, H.R. 5480, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act. I want to thank Mr. ROYCE  and Ms. LOISFRANKEL for their work on this bill. This is an important bill that expands U.S. development policy to empower women entrepreneurs in developing countries. In 2016, the McKinsey Global Institute estimated that achieving global gender parity in economic activity could add as much as $28 trillion to the annual gross domestic product by the year 2025. This bill will help unlock the productive power of women, and particularly womenowned small and mediumsized enterprises. In the interest of time, I won’t go into the details because we have excellent speakers on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this bill, which passed our committee by a unanimous bipartisan voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), chairwoman emeritus on the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and I ask unanimous consent that she may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for introducing 
this important bipartisan measure before us today, and of course, congratulate both him and Ranking Member ENGEL , who work so well in bringing important legislation in a bipartisan manner to the floor every day. This is H.R. 5480, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, and I am a proud cosponsor of this bipartisan measure. We know that when women work, and the number of women in the workforce is increasing, there is a corresponding growth in economies. The benefit that results from empowering women and expanding their economic activities are far reaching. They have a great society impact. From the household to communities, to local, State, and the Federal level, we would see drastic improvements if women not only had greater access, but greater influence over income and finances. Yet, sadly, women continue to face seemingly insurmountable barriers that deter them from becoming full and equal members of society, particularly when it comes to access to formal financial institutions, and that is what this bill would do. It updates and expands USAID policies with respect to microenterprise assistance authority, to chip away at those barriers that exist now. It will also include support for small and mediumsized enterprises. These are the real drivers of employment in so many places around the globe. Also, it would provide women with greater access to economic activities. It will improve the working environment for women and support their property rights. It is a commonsense approach, Mr. Speaker. By increasing women’s participation in the workforce around the world, we will be creating greater economic benefits with positive implications for all aspects of society. Mr. Speaker, I fully support Mr. ROYCE ’s measure. I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), the lead Democratic sponsor of this bill. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, keeping peace in the world, reducing terrorism, creating safe environments where countries can be selfreliant and people can be prosperous is not just about more guns and bombs. Addressing the root causes of global upheaval is an important task. It is an important task of USAID that calls itself the world’s premier development agency, which leads me to thank Mr. ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their bipartisan leadership and for the other cosponsors of this legislation for this very important bill that we call the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, which recognizes that when girls and women of the world are free from violence, educated, and have access to tools for economic success, their communities are more safe, more economically vibrant, and more peaceful. This is, of course, when women exert greater influence over household finances, economic outcomes for their families improve. The childhood survival rates go up, food security, and educational attainment increases for their children. Women actually place a greater emphasis on household savings, which improves a family’s financial resiliency. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to comprehend the hardships and obstacles that women face globally. I think of a girl like Fatim, born in Mali. At just 8 months old, she was subjected to genital mutilation. By age 12, her father sold her for marriage to a man she had never met. She is among the one in three girls worldwide who will suffer genderbased violence. I think of Nasha, a young Nigerian, desperate for an education, who walks miles, fearful of sexual violence or kidnapping just to get to class. She doesn’t want to become one of the 130 million girls worldwide who are out of school; or Kamila, a woman in Pakistan who dreams of starting her own business and being able to care for her family, but discriminatory laws prevent her from owning property or accessing credit. She is among the 1 billion women in the world excluded from the formal financial system. Given all of the roadblocks, it is not surprising that women and girls are the majority of the world’s poor. Here is the thing: Many of these cruel and unfair practices make the world poorer, too, as we have heard from my colleagues. According to the McKinsey Global Institute, a leading international private sector think tank, if we change this equation and we advance women’s equality, we could add trillions to the global GDP in just years. We are recognizing today that there is an undeniable link between women’s economic success and global prosperity and peacefulness and security. Now, this bill has several components. It makes it USAID policy to do the following: to reduce gender gaps in economic opportunity; to strive to eliminate genderbased violence; to support women’s property rights; and to increase the capability of women and girls to determine their own future. b1745 Next, the bill requires that 50 percent of USAID’s resources for small and mediumsized enterprises be targeted to reach enterprises owned, managed, and controlled by women. It codifies USAID’s practice of shaping policy and activities through a gender analysis. As important, to ensure that our development assistance is reaching women, this legislation mandates that USAID track and measure improvements in women’s economic empowerment, including employment, access to financial services, enterprise development, earnings and control over income, and property and land rights. Finally, this legislation also expands the scope of development assistance from microenterprises to smalland mediumsized enterprises to reflect changes in the field. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for joining me in support of this critical bill. Again, it is not about bombs, military, and guns. Remember this: when women succeed, when girls succeed, their nations succeed. Mr. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for bringing this legislation, but especially my colleague, Congresswoman FRANKEL , for being such a champion for women’s rights and issues not only in this country, but around the globe. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, which, as you have heard by those more eloquent than I, will help to ensure that women’s economic development is a fundamental tenet of U.S. development policy. Women tend to spend more of their money on family costs like education and healthcare than men do. Unfortunately, they lack access to financial services and must rely on riskier and less reliable means of borrowing and saving. If global gender parity in economic activity were achieved, we could add as much as $28 trillion to the annual global GDP. That should be incentive enough for us to work to ensure that our government understands and has the capabilities to meet the unique economic needs of women, particularly since women represent more than half the world’s population and a majority of the world’s poor. Now, in addition to serving on the Foreign Affairs Committee, I am proud to be the cochair of the Congressional Mongolian Caucus. We are working with the Mongolian Government to support the cashmere production industry to diversify its miningdependent economy. Notably, an average of 90 percent of the workers in the Mongolian textile sector are female. So if we work to ensure that these women in the cashmere industry have the support, resources, and financial literacy to prosper, we will not only be boosting individual women, we will be boosting an entire economy and will be boosting Mongolia overall. 
This is just one example where uplifting women can benefit an entire industry, a society, and a national prosperity, which, in turn, fosters democratic stability. As Lois has said, when women succeed, the world succeeds, so I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I invite my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Women and girls around the world must be included in and empowered by ongoing U.S. investments in diplomacy, development, and security. The Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act requires USAID to address genderspecific challenges across the world, and it expands support for small and mediumsized enterprises that are owned, managed, and controlled by women. It also explicitly establishes that it is our national policy to support the empowerment of women worldwide. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, which passed our committee by unanimous, bipartisan voice vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE and my friend from Florida, Congresswoman FRANKEL , for bringing forward this important bipartisan bill. All countries of the world stand to benefit from the increased participation of women in their economies and in their societies at large. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘aye,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5480, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EAST ROSEBUD WILD AND SCENIC RIVERS ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4645) to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4645 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘East Rosebud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act’’. SEC. 2. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) East Rosebud Creek is cherished by the people of Montana and visitors from across the United States for its clean water, spectacular natural setting, and outstanding recreational opportunities; (2) recreational activities, including fishing, hunting, camping, paddling, hiking, rock climbing, and wildlife watching, on East Rosebud Creek and the surrounding land generate millions of dollars annually for the local economy; (3) East Rosebud Creek— (A) is a national treasure; (B) possesses outstandingly remarkable values; and (C) merits the high level of protection afforded by the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) in order to maintain the benefits provided by the Creek, as described in paragraphs (1) and (2), for future generations to enjoy; and (4) designation of select public land segments of East Rosebud Creek under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) would recognize the importance of maintaining the values of the Creek while preserving public access, respecting private property rights, allowing appropriate maintenance of existing infrastructure, and allowing historical uses of the Creek to continue. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to designate East Rosebud Creek in the State of Montana as a component of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System to preserve and protect for present and future generations the outstandingly remarkable scenic, recreational, and geologic values of the Creek. 
SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF WILD AND SCENIC RIVER SEGMENTS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(213) EAST ROSEBUD CREEK , MONTANA .—The portions of East Rosebud Creek in the State of Montana, consisting of— ‘‘(A) the 13mile segment exclusively on public land within the Custer National Forest from the source in the Absaroka Beartooth Wilderness downstream to the point at which the Creek enters East Rosebud Lake, including the stream reach between Twin Outlets Lake and Fossil Lake, to be administered by the Secretary of Agriculture as a wild river; and ‘‘(B) the 7mile segment exclusively on public land within the Custer National Forest from immediately below, but not including, the outlet of East Rosebud Lake downstream to the point at which the Creek enters private property for the first time, to be administered by the Secretary of Agriculture as a recreational river.’’. (b) ADJACENT MANAGEMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in paragraph (213) of section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) (as added by subsection (a)) creates a protective perimeter or buffer zone outside the designated boundary of the river segment designated by that paragraph. (2) OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES .—The fact that an otherwise authorized activity or use can be seen or heard within the boundary of the river segment designated by paragraph (213) of section 3(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1274(a)) (as added by subsection (a)) shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundary of the river segment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, East Rosebud Creek is located in Carbon County, Montana, just north of AbsarokaBeartooth Wilderness in the Custer National Forest. The bill before us designates a 13 mile segment of East Rosebud Creek, beginning at its source, the East Rosebud Lake, as a wild and scenic river. A second 7mile segment from the outlet of East Rosebud Lake to the point where the waterway enters private property would be designated as a recreational river. This legislation specifically applies only to the segments of the creek that lie within public lands. Important historical uses outside of the wild and scenic boundary are protected by this bill. Finally, H.R. 4645 explicitly prevents the creation of a buffer zone to restrict land use outside of the designated area. This legislation is the result of a compromise supported by a diverse coalition that includes local ranchers, sportsmen, conservationists, and business owners. Companion legislation has been introduced with the support of both Montana Senators. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I my consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill designates a 13 mile segment of East Rosebud Creek in the Custer National Forest as a wild river under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act. This segment was nominated for designation in 1989, so 30 years later it finally comes to Congress, and we are moving forward with the recognition and protection it deserves. The bill contributes to a proud legacy of preserving free and flowing rivers for future generations, and I want to extend my congratulations to the sponsor of the legislation and the entire Montana delegation for their fine work. I know there are several bills that have been introduced by Democrats that seek to designate wild and scenic rivers in their districts. I hope we can move those along as well by working together to make sure these places also receive the appropriate attention as this particular one did. For now, Mr. Speaker, I am happy to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to 
the author of this measure, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, East Rosebud Creek is one of Montana’s most picturesque and popular streams. It is located in Carbon County, Montana, just north of the Absaroka Beartooth Wilderness in the Custer National Forest. It provides important habitat for fish and wildlife as well as a myriad of recreational activities, including hiking, fishing, hunting, kayaking, and climbing. My bill designates a 13mile section of East Rosebud Creek beginning at its source, the East Rosebud Lake, as a wild river. A second 7mile section from the outlet of East Rosebud Lake to the point where the waterway enters private property would be designated as a recreational river. This legislation specifically applies only to the segments of the creek that lie within public lands. Important historical uses outside of the wild and scenic river boundary are protected by this bill. Finally, H.R. 4645 explicitly prevents the creation of a buffer zone to restrict land use outside of the designated area. This legislation represents a great compromise that has earned support from a diverse coalition that includes local ranchers, sportsmen, conservationists, businesses owners, and others. Companion legislation has been introduced with the support of the entire Montana delegation, including both Senators. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4645. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AUTHORIZING NATIONAL EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES MEMORIAL FOUNDATION TO ESTABLISH COMMEMORATIVE WORK Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1037) to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1037 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation may establish a commemorative work on Federal land in the District of Columbia and its environs to commemorate the commitment and service represented by emergency medical services. (b) COMPLIANCE WITHSTANDARDS FOR COMMEMORATIVE WORKS.—The establishment of the commemorative work under this section shall be in accordance with chapter 89 of title 40, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Commemorative Works Act’’). (c) PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FEDERAL  FUNDS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Federal funds may not be used to pay any expense of the establishment of the commemorative work under this section. (2) RESPONSIBILITY OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY  
MEDICAL SERVICES MEMORIAL FOUNDATION .—The National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation shall be solely responsible for acceptance of contributions for, and payment of the expenses of, the establishment of the commemorative work under this section. (d) DEPOSIT OF EXCESS FUNDS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—If upon payment of all expenses for the establishment of the memorial (including the maintenance and preservation amount required by section 8906(b)(1) of title 40, United States Code), there remains a balance of funds received for the establishment of the commemorative work, the Foundation shall transmit the amount of the balance to the Secretary of the Interior for deposit in the account provided for in section 8906(b)(3) of title 40, United States Code. (2) ON EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—If upon expiration of the authority for the commemorative work under section 8903(e) of title 40, United States Code, there remains a balance of funds received for the establishment of the commemorative work, the Foundation shall transmit the amount of the balance to a separate account with the National Park Foundation for memorials, to be available to the Secretary of the Interior or Administrator (as appropriate) following the process provided in section 8906(b)(4) of title 40, United States Code, for accounts established under 8906(b)(2) or (3) of title 40, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, each year 850,000 EMS providers answer more than 30 million calls to serve 22 million patients in need at a moment’s notice and without reservation. For these heroes who serve on the front lines of medicine, sacrifice is a part of their calling. EMTs and paramedics have a rate of injury that is about three times the national average for all occupations, and some pay the ultimate price in the service of helping others. The men and women of the emergency medical services profession face danger every day to save lives and help their neighbors in crisis. They respond to incidents ranging from a single person’s medical emergency to natural and manmade disasters, including terrorist attacks. But while their first responder peers in law enforcement and firefighting have been honored with national memorials, EMS providers have not. H.R. 1037 aims to change that. The National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation exists to honor, recognize, and remember the commitment, service, and sacrifice of our Nation’s EMS heroes. H.R. 1037 would authorize this foundation to place a commemorative work on Federal land in the District of Columbia to commemorate the commitment and service represented by the EMS community. The foundation will be solely responsible for funding the project, and no Federal funds will be required. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ), who is the principal sponsor of the legislation. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California for his words of support and also thank the gentleman from Arizona for the courtesy of yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express strong support for my bill, H.R. 1037, the National Emergency Medical Services Commemorative Work Act. This bipartisan legislation will create a National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative memorial located here on Federal land in Washington, D.C., that will highlight and honor the commitment and sacrifice of emergency medical personnel across the United States. As the chairman noted, each year, there are 850,000 first responders of the emergency medical services who answer over 30 million calls while serving 22 million Americans who are in need of lifesaving care. Americans rely on the courage and selfless sacrifice of the men and women of the emergency medical services, and we all deeply appreciate their commitment to maintaining safety and medical security in our country. b1800 Mr. Speaker, this memorial will serve as a symbol of their sacrifice during the darkest moments in our Nation’s history. For example, this September will mark the 17th anniversary of the attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City. On that day, within minutes of the attack, more than 100 EMS units and dozens of private ambulances raced to the site, setting up triage centers to treat the wounded. Of the nearly 3,000 victims that died on September 11th, 10 were courageous EMS personnel. More than a decade later, in my home city of Boston, Massachusetts, 
EMS providers were literally on site within seconds of the explosions during the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. As a result of their swift and wellcoordinated rescue efforts, led by my dear friend and South Boston native, the late Boston EMS special ops director Captain Bob ‘‘Sarge’’ Haley, EMS personnel were able to treat the 260 people who were injured. Lauded for his skills in designing and implementing worldclass special ops measures in the city of Boston, Captain Sarge Haley’s leadership during the events of that day no doubt saved dozens of lives and is just another example of the sacrifice and heroism that H.R. 1037 seeks to memorialize. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, EMS personnel have been first on site for some of our Nation’s deadliest mass shootings. During the Las Vegas shooting at the Route 91 Harvest music festival last fall, EMT Brittany Speer, who was attending the event with her family, set up a triage center after the shooting occurred. For years, EMS providers like Ms. Speer have treated and transported victims in a professional and compassionate manner. This efficient and effective response is a result of countless mass casualty exercises that EMS personnel undertake. Mr. Speaker, this memorial is long overdue. These examples are just a small fraction of the countless instances in which EMS personnel have sacrificed and served our Nation. Every day, EMS personnel are exposed to countless risks and dangers in order to provide critical care for those who are in need. It is proper to recognize the efforts of our dedicated EMS first responders and memorialize the personal sacrifice made by more than 600 members of the Nation’s emergency medical service and, in turn, by their families and loved ones. As Members of Congress, we should pass this bipartisan bill and begin the creation of the commemorative memorial to EMS personnel. These individuals have rightfully earned this recognition, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand as one and pass H.R. 1037. Again, I thank the gentleman from California for his support. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for bringing this bill to us. I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1037, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
JUAB COUNTY CONVEYANCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3777) to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain National Forest System land containing the Nephi Work Center in Juab County, Utah, to Juab County, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3777 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Juab County Conveyance Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. LAND CONVEYANCE, NEPHI WORK CENTER, JUAB COUNTY, UTAH. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE REQUIRED .—Subject to valid existing rights, if the County submits a written request to the Secretary not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convey, without consideration and by quitclaim deed, to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the parcel of National Forest System land, including improvements thereon, described in subsection (b). (b) DESCRIPTION OF LAND.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The parcel of National Forest System land and improvements to be conveyed under subsection (a) is the Nephi Work Center at 740 South Main Street, Nephi, Utah, which consists of approximately 2.17 acres within Nephi Plat B Block of the Nephi Townsite Survey as Parcels #XA0005451111 and #XA00 05452, and is identified on the map entitled ‘‘Nephi Plat B’’ and dated May 6, 1981. (2) MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—As soon as practical after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate a map and legal description of the parcel described in paragraph (1). (B) MINOR MODIFICATIONS .—The map and legal description submitted under this paragraph shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may make minor modifications of any clerical or typographical errors in the map or the legal description. (C) COPY ON FILE .—A copy of the map and the legal description shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate field offices of the U.S. Forest Service. (c) SURVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the National Forest System land to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (d) COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condition for the conveyance under subsection (a), the County shall pay the reasonable costs incurred by the Secretary for— (1) the survey required by subsection (c); and (2) any environmental or administrative analysis required by law related to the conveyance. (e) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The conveyance under subsection (a) is subject to any other terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) TIME FOR COMPLETION OF CONVEYANCE .— The Secretary shall complete the conveyance under subsection (a) not later than one year after the date on which the County submits the written request described in subsection (a). (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) COUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Juab County, Utah. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the U.S. Forest Service. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3777, introduced by Congresswoman MIALOVE, would authorize the transfer of approximately 2.6 acres of U.S. Forest Service land and improvements in the city of Nephi to Juab County, Utah. The bill would require the county to pay all conveyance costs, including the cost of environmental analysis and surveying. This land has been designated by the U.S. Forest Service for administrative disposal since 2013. Under an agreement with the Forest Service, the county fire department houses its mitigation program on this site. On August 15, 2017, the county requested the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer this property to the county, which intends to use the land to house its wildlands fire team and equipment, with plans to construct a new fire station on the property. As fires continue to rage across the West, Congress should take every opportunity to give local communities the resources and support they need to combat these catastrophic events. While this transfer represents just two tenthousandths of 1 percent of the 1.5 million acres of Federal land in Juab County, the new fire station it will facilitate could mean the difference between suppression and conflagration when wildfire threatens Juab County. The legislation would also improve fire response services to surrounding communities and the Federal lands, since Juab County plans to use this land to house its wildlands fire team equipment. There is strong local support from the county and its elected officials for this conveyance. By ensuring that the surrounding communities and public lands have the emergency response resources they need to respond to catastrophic wildfire, H.R. 3777 furthers the important localFederal partnership 
that is critical to restoring the Federal Government as a good neighbor to the communities it impacts. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. At the markup of H.R. 3777, we voiced our concerns that the conveyance authorized by this bill does not include any standard requirements such as, if it is sold, fair market value; if it is conveyed, a reversionary clause. Unfortunately, the majority rejected our amendment to include a reversionary clause. We recognize that this property was identified as suitable for administrative disposal, but that designation doesn’t mean that it is worthless. We are not being greedy or unreasonable, just mindful of history and precedent. With that said, we recognize how important this conveyance is to the county, and we will save this particular fight for another day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE). Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that this bill is being considered today. This bill is both timely and extremely important to my constituents. This summer, tens of thousands of acres have burned throughout Utah. Unfortunately, many regions in the State remain at high risk due to prolonged drought. One of these regions is Juab County, which sits within my district. Juab County consists of more than 2 million acres of land, much of which is covered with dry, flammable vegetation. The county is also experiencing a yearslong drought. In fact, last year, the USDA designated the county as a disaster area due to the damages caused by the drought. More than 70 percent of Juab is controlled by the Federal Government. While significant Federal ownership and control of land in Utah is often a source of contention, Juab County has developed a cooperative and constructive relationship with their local Federal partners. The Forest Service currently owns a small property, just over 2 acres, within the town of Nephi, the county seat of Juab County. It has been vacant and unused for years and was identified as available for disposal several years ago. This property is known as the Nephi Work Center. My bill, the Juab County Conveyance Act, would simply convey this property to the county. Juab intends to use this property to house their wildlands fire team, which is part of their special service fire district. This would enable the county to more effectively mitigate fire risks and protect Juab County residents and both Forest Service and BLM land within the county. As a former mayor who has dealt with fires in and around my community, including on public lands, I want to do all I can to help my constituents. This bill will benefit both the county and Federal agencies that own and manage lands within the county. We are talking about a city of about 1,000 people fighting fires on millions of acres. We just want to do everything we can to make sure we get to the fires as soon as possible and help not just protect costs, but the homes and the livelihoods of the families that live there. I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of this bill. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3777, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GILA RIVER INDIAN COMMUNITY FEDERAL RIGHTSOFWAY, EASEMENTS AND BOUNDARY CLARIFICATION ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4032) to confirm undocumented Federal rightsofway or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4032 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gila River Indian Community Federal RightsofWay, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act’’. 
The purposes of this Act are to— (1) establish, ratify, document, and confirm the Federal electrical, irrigation, and road rightsofway and easements that exist within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation as of the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) establish a fixed location of the northern boundary of the Reservation and to provide for the Secretary of the Interior to ensure that the northern boundary is resurveyed and marked in conformance with the public system of surveys; (3) authorize and direct the Secretary to place certain lands into trust for the benefit of the Community; (4) substitute the benefits provided under this Act to the Community, its members and allottees for any claims that the Community, its members and allottees may have had in connection with alleged failures relating to the northern boundary of the Reservation and the documentation and management of Federal rightsofway on the Reservation; and (5) authorize the funds necessary for the United States to meet the obligations under this Act. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) ALLOTTEE .—The term ‘‘allottee’’ means a person who holds a beneficial real property interest in an Indian allotment that is— (A) located within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation; and (B) held in trust by the United States. (2) COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘Community’’ means the Gila River Indian Community, a government composed of members of the Pima Tribe and the Maricopa Tribe and organized under section 16 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5123). (3) DISPUTED AREA .—The term ‘‘Disputed Area’’ means the land north of the Harrington Survey line and south of the middle of the Salt River (as it currently flows). (4) EXECUTIVE ORDER .—The term ‘‘Executive Order’’ means the Executive order executed by President R.B. Hayes on June 14, 1879. (5) FEDERAL AND TRIBAL FACILITIES .—The term ‘‘Federal and Tribal Facilities’’ means any and all structures, improvements, and appurtenances associated with roadways, canals, power lines, and other projects constructed for the benefit of the Community and its members. Thus, ‘‘Federal and Tribal Facilities’’ refers to— (A) Indian Reservation Road (IRR) transportation facilities, including public roads, bridges, drainage structures, culverts, ferry routes, marine terminals, transit facilities, boardwalks, pedestrian paths, trails, and their appurtenances, and other transportation facilities, as designated by the Community and the Secretary and defined in section 170.5 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations; (B) Federal irrigation facilities included in the San Carlos Irrigation Project, the irrigation project authorized under the Act of June 7, 1924 (43 Stat. 475), including all structures and appurtenant works within the San Carlos Irrigation Project for the delivery, diversion, and storage of irrigation water, as defined in section 171.100 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations; and (C) Federal electric distribution facilities included in the San Carlos Irrigation Project— Electric Services, including all structures and appurtenant works for the delivery of electric power on the Reservation that are part of that project. (6) LOWER SONORAN LANDS .—The term ‘‘Lower Sonoran Lands’’ means the approximately 3,400 acres of land— (A) owned by the United States and administered by the Secretary through the Bureau of Land Management that have been identified and designated for disposal by the Bureau of Land Management under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) in the Lower Sonoran Resource Management Plan (September 2012); (B) located in Sections 1, 2, 3, 11, and 12, Township 2 South, Range 1 West, contiguous to the northwest boundary of the Community’s existing Reservation; and portions of Sections 16 and 17, Township 5 South, Range 5 East, contiguous to the southern boundary of the Community’s existing Reservation; and (C) that the Community shall acquire pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (7) HARRINGTON SURVEY .—The term ‘‘Harrington Survey’’ means the Dependent Resurvey of a Portion of Township 1 North, Range 1 East, Gila and Salt River Meridian, Arizona, Gila River Indian Reservation, conducted by Guy P. 
Harrington, as shown on the plat and described in the field notes at Book 3384, approved September 2, 1920, and officially filed on November 3, 1920, on file with the Bureau of Land Management. (8) RESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Reservation’’ means the land located within the exterior boundaries of the reservation created under sections 3 and 4 of the Act of February 28, 1859 (11 Stat. 401, chapter LXVI), and Executive orders of August 31, 1876, June 14, 1879, May 5, 1882, November 15, 1883, July 31, 1911, June 2, 1913, August 27, 1914, and July 19, 1915, and any other lands placed in trust for the benefit of the Community. (9) ROW, EASEMENTS , AND FEDERAL AND TRIB AL FACILITIES MAP .—The term ‘‘ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map’’ means the map depicting the Federal rightsof way, easements, and Federal and Tribal facilities that exist within the exterior boundaries of the Reservation on the date of enactment of this Act, which map is submitted to Congress as part of the Congressional record accompanying this Act. (10) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 4. LAND INTO TRUST FOR BENEFIT OF THE COMMUNITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall take the Lower Sonoran Lands into trust for the benefit of the Community, after the Community— (1) conveys to the Secretary all right, title, and interest of the Community in and to the Lower Sonoran Lands; (2) submits to the Secretary a request to take the Lower Sonoran Lands into trust for the benefit of the Community; (3) conducts a survey (to the satisfaction of the Secretary) to determine the exact acreage and legal description of the Lower Sonoran Lands, if the Secretary determines a survey is necessary; and (4) pays all costs of any survey conducted under paragraph (3). (b) AVAILABILITY OF LOWER SONORAN LANDS MAP.—Not later than 180 days after the Lower Sonoran Lands are taken into trust under subsection (a), the map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Secretary. (c) LANDS TAKEN INTOTRUST AS PART OF RESERVATION .—After the date on which the Lower Sonoran Lands are taken into trust under subsection (a), those lands shall be treated as part of the Reservation. (d) GAMING .—Class II and class III gaming under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.) shall not be allowed at any time on the land taken into trust under subsection (a). (e) DESCRIPTION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall cause the full metesandbounds description of the Lower Sonoran Lands to be published in the Federal Register. The description shall, on publication, constitute the official description of the Lower Sonoran Lands. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Northern boundary of the Reservation created by the Executive Order is hereby modified in accordance with this section and shall be fixed, permanent, and not ambulatory. (b) MODIFICATION OF NORTH BOUNDARY .— That portion of the Reservation boundary created by the Executive Order as along the middle of the Salt River shall be modified to be a fixed and permanent boundary as established by the Harrington Survey of the north boundary of the Reservation, as shown on the plat and described in the field notes. (c) RESURVEY AND MARKING .—Subject to available appropriations, the Secretary shall ensure that the modified Reservation boundary as described in subsection (b) is surveyed and clearly marked in conformance with the public system of surveys. (d) EFFECT .—The Reservation boundary as modified and resurveyed by subsections (b) and (c) shall become the north boundary of the Reservation in all respects and upon all the same terms as if such lands had been included in the Executive Order. No other portion of the Reservation boundary shall be affected by this Act except as specifically set forth in this Act. (e) PUBLICATION .—The Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register this modification and the resurvey of the Community’s reservation boundary, as set forth in subsections (b) and (c), which shall constitute the fixed northern boundary of the Reservation. 
(a) I NTENT OF CONGRESS .—It is the intent of Congress to provide to the Community, its members, and allottees benefits that are equivalent to or exceed the claims the Community, its members, and allottees may possess as of the date of the enactment of this Act, taking into consideration— (1) the potential risks, cost, and time delay associated with litigation; (2) the cultural and historic significance of the Lower Sonoran Lands to the Community, its members, and allottees; (3) the benefit to the Community, its members, and allottees associated with having a fixed northern boundary of the Reservation; (4) the benefits that will accrue to the Community, its members, and allottees resulting from the legal confirmation of Federal electrical, irrigation, and road rightsofway as provided under this Act; and (5) the availability of appropriations under this Act. (b) INGENERAL .—The benefits realized by the Community, its members, and allottees under this Act shall be in complete replacement of and substitution for, and full satisfaction of all claims that the Community, its members, and allottees may have had against the United States— (1) relating to the United States alleged failure to legally establish and document Federal rightsofway on the Reservation through the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) for the United States alleged failure to establish, maintain and defend the Community’s northern boundary of the Reservation through the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall become effective on the later of the date on which the Secretary— (1) publishes in the Federal Register the notice required under section 4(e); (2) publishes in the Federal Register the notice required under section 5(e); and (3) completes the surveys for the Federal rightsofway required under this Act. 
(a) E STABLISHED , R ATIFIED , AND CONFIRMED .—All of the rightsofway depicted in the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map accompanying this Act are hereby established, ratified, and confirmed. The specific position and dimensions of such rightsof way are to be determined following a survey conducted in accordance with section 8. (b) RECORDATION .—All of the rightsofway established, ratified, and confirmed in subsection (a) shall be recorded with the Land Titles and Records Office following each survey conducted in accordance with section 8. (c) GRANTEE OR APPLICANT .—The Federal Government shall be considered the grantee or applicant for any and all rightsofway established pursuant to this Act. (d) CANCELLATION .—Any rightsofway established by this Act may be cancelled pursuant to sections 404–409 of title 25, Federal Code of Regulations, or upon written request by the Community to the Secretary to remove the rightsof way from the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map subject to otherwise applicable law regarding rightsofway on the Reservation. Any request for cancellation action by the Community shall be formally documented by tribal resolution. (e) OTHER INTERESTS IN LAND.—Notwith standing any law, the granting of any rightsof way or easement other than those depicted in the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map accompanying this Act, or any future additions, expansions or modifications of any of the rightsofway or easement established, ratified, and confirmed in subsection (a), may only be done in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. All other rightsof ways or easements on the Reservation shall be valid only to the extent that they have been established in accordance with applicable Federal statute and regulation specifically governing rightsofways or easements on Indian lands. 
(a) C OMPLETION AND PUBLICATION .—Not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Indian Affairs shall undertake and complete a survey of each of the Federal rightsofway established under this Act. A retroactive grant of easement shall be required upon completion of each survey of each of the Federal rightsofway established under this Act. The Bureau of Indian Affairs shall cause the surveys undertaken pursuant to this Act to be published in the Federal Register. (b) CONTRACT .—The Bureau of Indian Affairs is authorized, subject to appropriations, to contract for the survey of all Federal rightsofway established pursuant to this Act to the Community or a third party. (c) DELETIONS .—Upon completion of the surveys authorized and undertaken pursuant to subsection (a), the Community and the Bureau of Indian Affairs may determine that anomalies exist with respect to certain Federal rightsof way such that deletion of such Federal rightof way from the ROW, Easements, and Federal and Tribal Facilities Map is appropriate and such Federal rightofway may be removed from the ROW, Easements, and Federal Tribal Facilities Map. 
Nothing in this Act shall establish, terminate, or otherwise impact any rightofway or easement associated with Hunt Highway in Pinal County, Arizona, including the portion of Hunt Highway that traverses the Reservation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 4032, the Gila River Indian Community FederalRightsofWay, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act, introduced by Congressman O’HALLERAN of Arizona. The Gila River Indian Reservation was established in 1859 and later expanded by a series of executive orders 
in Maricopa and Pinal Counties, Arizona. In 2006, the Tribe sued the Federal Government, alleging a breach of the United States’ fiduciary duty for its failure to accurately survey the reservation’s northwesterly boundary, resulting in the patenting of land along the Salt River to nonIndians. The Tribe also asserted a failed duty to document rightsofway across the reservation, collect rent, and account for the Tribe’s and allottees’ trust assets. Rather than litigate the case, the Obama administration settled with the Tribe in 2016. The settlement provided that the United States would survey all the Federal rightsofway on the reservation. It would also take approximately 3,400 acres of Bureau of Land Management land into trust for the Tribe, after the Tribe purchases the land for fair market value. Finally, the settlement provided monetary damages of about $12.5 million from the judgment fund, an issue not addressed by this bill. This legislation is needed to facilitate portions of the settlement by clarifying the northwestern boundary of the reservation, documenting the existing Federal rightsofway on the reservation, and placing the 3,400 acres into trust after the Tribe buys the land from the Federal Government. The bill is cosponsored by the entire Arizona delegation, and I commend their work to resolve this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ), the sponsor of the legislation. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support and urge passage of my legislation, H.R. 4032, the Gila River Indian Community Federal RightsofWay, Easements and Boundary Clarification Act. I was proud to introduce this bipartisan legislation along with colleagues Congressmen Biggs, Gallego, and Gosar. Mr. Speaker, as we all know, Tribal Nations were here prior to the formation of the United States. However, throughout history, many Federal laws were enacted that diminished land holdings and, as a result, reservation boundaries were often incorrectly adjusted. The Federal Government often lacked the mechanisms to effectively keep track of the various rightsofway that existed on Tribal lands. These challenges remain today and can be serious barriers to Tribal land use efforts for housing, economic development, and cultural purposes. That is why I introduced my bill, which simply finalizes the settlement of longstanding issues related to the Federal Government’s management of Tribal trust assets on the Gila River Indian Community. b1815 The legislation provides for surveys of all the Federal rightsofway on the reservation and establishes a map of those rightsofway to aid the community in planning land use, including building homes, rebuilding schools, locating businesses, and ensuring access to cultural sites. H.R. 4032 also clarifies the northwest boundary of the reservation, which will avoid a title dispute with the city of Phoenix. In exchange for giving up lands that are currently within the reservation boundary, the community will be able to purchase 3,400 acres of culturally relevant lands from the Bureau of Land Management and have those lands taken into trust. H.R. 4032 is important to the Gila River Indian community, to local landowners, and nearby communities. I would like to thank my colleagues across the aisle for supporting this legislation, as well as the chairman and ranking member. I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress and the administration to ensure this settlement is fully implemented. On behalf of our Arizona communities, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense, necessary legislation. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a moment to acknowledge the Gila River Indian community, their leadership, which has worked tirelessly and in very good faith with the Federal Government in addressing the issues that led to these claims against the United States. I would like to congratulate them on this hard work and their persistence, and I am happy that the passage of this bill will finally implement a final part of their settlement. I also want to take time to thank my colleague and friend from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4032, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REPORT ON CONCURRENT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 119, EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–834) on the resolution (H. Res. 1001) providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote today on the House Amendment to S. 488, the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act of 2018 (Roll No. 333), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 3030, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocity Prevention Act of 2018 (Roll No. 334), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Finally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4989, the Protecting Diplomats from Surveillance Through Consumer Devices Act (Roll No. 335), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the consideration of H.R. 6147, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NORMAN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 996 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 6147. The Chair appoints the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Ms. CHENEY in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. b1900 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 6147, the fiscal year 2019 Interior, Environment, and Financial Services and General Government appropriations bills. This package continues the House’s important work on our annual government funding legislation. With the passage of this bill, the House will be halfway done with our fiscal year 2019 bills through the floor. I want to thank, and I am sure Ranking Member LOWEY thanks both Chairman CALVERT and his ranking member, and Chairman GRAVES and his ranking member for their work with their colleagues. These bills fund vital programs across the Federal Government, including those that make Americans safer, protect our Nation’s resources, and create jobs. In addition to providing this necessary funding, the bills ensure that the Federal Government is working efficiently and in the best interest of the American taxpayers. This includes streamlining Federal agencies, reforming financial policies, and reducing burdensome regulatory red tape. Both bills reflect American priorities. I would like to highlight just a few of these. The Interior and Environment appropriations bill, authored by Representative CALVERT of California, provides $35.3 billion for the EPA, the U.S. Forest Service, and the Department of the Interior and other programs that promote our natural heritage. Within this total, the bill prioritizes funding to fight in preventing devastating wildfires, fully funding the 10 year average for suppression costs. The bill also targets critical resources to major infrastructure that will improve the lives of Americans, boosting funding to ensure communities have access to safe drinking water, and accelerates the cleanup of Superfund sites. This is especially important as we have more than 1,300 national priority sites awaiting urgent attention to address hazardous materials threatening the health of Americans across the country. I appreciate Chairman CALVERT ’s efforts in this area. The Interior bill continues funding for other programs that manage our national resources and cultural heritage, like the National Park Service, the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities, the Chemical Safety Board, and the Smithsonian Institution. Beyond these important investments, the bill rightsizes regulatory programs to ensure that the government is working to support American families and their communities. This also includes addressing EPA’s regulatory agenda and supporting the administration’s proposal to reshape its workforce. This will enable the agency to focus on its core duties, while reducing unnecessary spending. The second bill in this package also works to reduce waste across government. The Financial Services appropriations bill, authored by Representative GRAVES of Georgia, totals $23.4 billion which, like the Interior bill, is equal to fiscal year 2018 levels. This bill prioritizes effective programs that improve our national security and expands economic opportunity while finding efficiencies, governmentwide, and while stopping harmful overregulation. This bill also supports America’s small businesses by providing loans and resources that will help us grow and thrive. It also provides stability for our financial system, and protects consumers, and investors. This bill also improves accountability of the American taxpayer by directing the Internal Revenue Service funding towards customer service and stopping the misuse of funding within the agency. Another priority is law enforcement. This bill also provides funding to fight the opioid abuse epidemic, protects our financial institutions from cyber crime, and supports our Federal courts. I would like to commend all the committee members on the Appropriations Committee who led the drafting of these bills, particularly Chairman GRAVES and his Ranking Member, M IKE QUIGLEY , and Interior Chairman K EN CALVERT and his Ranking Member, BETTY MCCOLLUM , along with their subcommittee members and their professional staff that did a remarkable job. I am pleased that the House is taking the next step forward on our appropriations bill this evening. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert offset folio 1 here EH170718.001lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Subtotal.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . 
aska conveyance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... . 
Insert offset folio 2 here EH170718.002lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Oregon and California grant lands management ......... . Western 
Total, Oregon and California Grant lands ....... . Range Improvements 
Total, Service Charges, Deposits & Forfeitures .. FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 3 here EH170718.003lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Insert offset folio 4 here EH170718.004lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Servi cewi de bill paying. . . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 
Acquisition Management. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
HCP land acquisition grants to states.. . . . . . ...... . 
Insert offset folio 5 here EH170718.005lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
stewardship. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 
Insert offset folio 6 here EH170718.006lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
ci enci es. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............. . 
Amari can Batt 1 efi el d Protection Program ............ . 
Insert offset folio 7 here EH170718.007lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
change science. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
Vo 1 cano hazards. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
Water Availability and Use Science Program ......... . Groundwater and 
Admi ni strati on and Management... . . . . . . . .......... . 
TOTAL, UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY ......... . 1,148,457 859,680 1 '167' 291 +18,834 +307,611 
Insert offset folio 8 here EH170718.008lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
energy .... ' ..... ' .. ' ...... ''' ' ...... 
Conventional energy . . . . . . . . . . . 
Executive direction. . ' ' . . . ' . . ' . . .... . . . . . 
Enforcement. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 
4' 139 3,786 3,786 +353 ~~~~~~  ~77,871 67,889 65,889 +11 '982 +2,000 
 ~~   115,904 101 '398 114' 069 1 '835 +12,671 
. ~  115,804 101 '298 113' 969 1,835 +12,671 
Insert offset folio 9 here EH170718.009lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Executive direction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Social services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .............. . 
Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ... 
Insert offset folio 10 here EH170718.010lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
11 & SIP!. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Subtotal, forward funded education ........... . Elementary and secondary programs: 
~~.. ~ .  ........ Subtotal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 405,520 350.131 418,915 +13,395 
Executive direction and administrative services ....... 231.747 209,409 224,880 6,867 
(Amounts available unti 1 expended, accountwide) ...... (53,991) (35,598) (54,174) (+183) 
  ..  Total, Operation of Indian Programs ............. 2,411,200 2,002,996 2,436,821 +25,621 . . Bill vs. 
Insert offset folio 11 here EH170718.011lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Indian guaranteed loan program account ..... , ...... , .. , 
Insert offset folio 12 here EH170718.012lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Brown tree snake... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........ . Coral 
Compact of Free Association Federal services ....... . Enewetak 
Subtotal, Compact of Free Association .......... . Compact payments, 
Insert offset folio 13 here EH170718.013lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Payments to local governments in lieu of taxes........ 465,000 500,000 +500,000 +35,000 
Insert offset folio 14 here EH170718.014lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Payments to local governments in lieu of taxes (PILT) 
San Franci so Bay. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............ . 
of Me xi co. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 
Insert offset folio 15 here EH170718.015lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Audits. eva 1 uati ons. and investigations ..... . 
Insert offset folio 16 here EH170718.016lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Underground storage tanks (LUST I UST) .... , ...... . 
Drinking water state revolving fund (SRF) ..... . Mexico 
waste financial assistance ..... . Lead. . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . Nonpoint 
(25,369) (25,369) 91 '941 47,532 91 '941 139 139 
Insert offset folio 17 here EH170718.017lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Total, State and Tribal Assistance Grants ...... . Water 
Insert offset folio 18 here EH170718.018lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Deferral of road and trail fund payment .............. . 
Insert offset folio 19 here EH170718.019lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Acquisition of lands to complete land exchanges ...... . Range 
Insert offset folio 20 here EH170718.020lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
•• ~ ~ ~ • ~ * " Special Diabetes Program for Indians 
Health care facilities construction ......... . 243,480 79,500 243,480 
Facilities and environmental health support ....... . 240,758 228,852 256,002 
Total, Indian Health Facilities ....... . 867,504 505,821 882,748 Bi 11 vs. Bi 11 vs. 
Insert offset folio 21 here EH170718.021lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery/Freer Gallery of Art ..... . 
National Museum of American Hi story. . . . . . . . . . .... . 
Operation and maintenance of buildings and grounds ... . 
Protection of buildings, grounds and contents ........ . General 
Insert offset folio 22 here EH170718.022lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Public programs. .. .. .. .. .. . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . . 
+1,251 +126,051 +48,730 +19,000 +14,000 +15,000 +12,750 +850 +4,600 +114,930 +2,200 
Insert offset folio 23 here EH170718.023lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A · DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Treatment of certain hospitals (Sec. 429) ....... , .... . 
TOTAL, TITLE IV, GENERAL PROVISIONS ....... , .... . 2,762 2,750 
Insert offset folio 24 here EH170718.024lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Wi 1 dl and Fire Management (emergency) . . . . . . . ......... . 
Insert offset folio 25 here EH170718.025lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Rescissions.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............... . 
Insert offset folio 26 here EH170718.026lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
Bureau of the Fiscal Service ............ . Alcohol and Tobacco 
(Discretionary) .. . of the Treasury ..... . FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 27 here EH170718.027lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS 
Total, Supreme Court of the United States ..... 725,535 
Insert offset folio 28 here EH170718.028lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit 
Federal Circuit.. . ..... , . . . ... , , . , .. 
Other salaries and expenses .... ,.,.,, .. ,, .. ,,,, ... 
Salaries of judges and bankruptcy judges. , ... , ... , 
Total, title III, the Judiciary ..... ,,, ...... . (Mandatory) ........ . 
Insert offset folio 29 here EH170718.029lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
Columbia Courts. , . ' .. '.' .. . .. '.'.'' 
Defender Service. . ' . . ' . ' . . 
Co unci 1 .. . . . . . ' . . . . 
Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Water and 
Sewer Authority, . '''' .. ' .. ' .. ...... ''''.'. 
Total, Title IV, District of Columbia .......... . FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 30 here EH170718.030lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) 
Administrative Conference of the United States .. , ... ,, 
Salaries and Expenses.. . .... , . , ............ . 
Direct appropriation .......... ,,, ..... , ... , ...... , General 
Revenue. . . . . . .............. . Rental income 
Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund. . . ........ . Environmental Review Improvement 
Insert offset folio 31 here EH170718.031lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) (Amounts 
Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Trust Fund 
Insert offset folio 32 here EH170718.032lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) 
Total , title V, Independent Agencies. .. ''' '.' 2,710,944 2,727,271 1,234,094 1,476,850 1,493,177 
Appropriations .. '.'.'.''' {2,710,944) (2,752,271) { 1 '234' 094) ( 1 '4 76' 850} (1,518,177) 
(Discretionary) ...... ' .. '. ''.'.' .. ' .. ' (2.710,944) (2,727,271) ( 1 '234' 094) (1 ,476,850) ( 1 '493' 177) 
Insert offset folio 33 here EH170718.033lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B FINANCIAL SERVICES ANO GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (H.R. 6147) 
Mandatory appropriations (sec. 619) ... , .. , ... 
SBA, Disaster Loans Progam Account ....... , ........... . 
SBA, Office of Inspector General (emergency) ..... ,, .. . 
Total, Other Appropriations ............. , .. . (emergency) . Grand 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to the Interior, Environment, and Financial Services, and General Government minibus, that fails the American people by slashing environmental protection, rolling back consumer protections, and even cutting basic election security funding. With bills this bad, it is no wonder Republicans have abandoned all pretense of regular order, grouped two unrelated appropriations bills together, and blocked numerous Democratic amendments. These bills are the product of Republicans’ misguided priorities. Instead of using the $18 billion increase in nondefense discretionary spending to create jobs and grow our economy, Republicans have chosen to waste those resources on an unnecessary border wall and cruel attacks on immigrant families. We must do better. As much as it pains me to say, we should be following the Senate and producing bipartisan bills instead of wasting time on playing political games and taking show votes to appease the right wing of the Republican Conference. Turning to the substance of the bills before us, it is absolutely outrageous that they would: Cut the Environmental Protection Agency by $100 million; slash clean water infrastructure grants by $300 million; sink $585 million into a black hole that is dressed up with a fancy name, the Fund for America’s Kids and Grandkids, which is a ploy to not spend the entire financial services allocation; reduce investments in underserved communities through the Community Development Financial Institutions program by $34 million; and provide inadequate funding for small business loan programs and for investments that curb the opioid crisis. However, the bill’s worst cut is the zeroing out of election security grants. On Friday, Special Counsel Robert Mueller indicted 12 Russian intelligence officers for their interference in the 2016 presidential election. The indictment describes, in great detail, the efforts Russia took to break into State election databases. We have all heard the public warnings of our intelligence community that Russia will attempt to attack our democracy again. Yet, instead of helping States protect and fortify their election infrastructure from cyber hacking, this bill would eliminate election security grants entirely. Additionally, numerous harmful policy riders strike at the heart of laws and rules that protect the air we breathe and the water we drink, threaten the survival of endangered species, attack a woman’s right to choose, undermine democracy in the District of Columbia, and repeal important DoddFrank consumer protections. These bills represent a divisive, partisan approach that threatens to leave American communities more polluted and American families more vulnerable to financial predators. We must do better. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, it is my distinct honor to bring to the House floor the fiscal year 2019 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. Before I go into details about the bill, I would like to commend Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for his leadership and support throughout this process. As reported by the Appropriations Committee, the fiscal year 2019 Interior and Environment bill is funded at $35.252 billion, which is equal to the FY18 enacted level. We have made sincere efforts to prioritize critical needs within our subcommittee allocation and in reviewing more than 5,200 individual requests. In the interest of time, I won’t outline all the problems or programs and activities funded in this bill. I would like to point out a few highlights. The bill provides robust wildland fire funding totaling $3.9 billion. It fully funds the 10year average for wildland fire suppression costs and provides an additional $500 million in suppression funds for the Forest Service. The committee has also provided a $30 million increase over fiscal year 2018 for hazardous fuel reduction. The bill provides $500 million in fiscal year 2019 for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes, PILT program, which is a top priority for many Members on both sides of the aisle. The bill also makes critical investments in Indian Country, a top priority of this committee. This legislation honors our commitment to Native Americans with a particular emphasis on Indian health, law enforcement, education, and water settlements. The bill fully funds contract support costs and Tribal grant school support costs; provides funding to staff newly constructed health facilities; improves public safety; significantly increases economic development; invests an additional $16 million in fiscal year 2019 to address needs of schools throughout the BIE system; and invests an additional $82 million to correct funding disparities across the Indian Healthcare System. Overall, funding to EPA has been reduced by $100 million from fiscal year 2018, with reductions aimed at research and regulatory programs. Members from the Midwest will be pleased to know that the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is maintained at the fiscal year 2018 enacted level of $300 million. The bill continues to invest in water infrastructure and cleaning up contaminated land. These programs help create jobs and spur economic development in communities all across the Nation. The bill provides funds to leverage over $10 billion worth of investment in water infrastructure through the funding in the WIFIA program and the Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds. The bill also provides $3.2 billion for the National Park Service. It maintains, and builds upon, critical investments made in the fiscal year 2018 enacted bill to address longstanding park operations and deferred maintenance needs. We have also attempted to address a number of concerns within the Fish and Wildlife Service accounts. The bill restores popular grant programs through fiscal year 2018 enacted levels. It also restores funds to combat international wildlife trafficking; protects fish hatcheries from cuts and closures; and continues funding to fight invasive mussels and Asian carp; and reduces the backlog of species that are recovered but not yet delisted. We have also increased funds for the Recovery Challenge program, which we started in 2018 to challenge nonFederal partners to a more active role in recovering endangered species. The bill also provides $360 million for Land and Water Conservation programs with bipartisan support. Lastly, this bill makes significant investments toward critical deferred maintenance, construction, and infrastructure needs within the Department of the Interior, Forest Service, Indian Health Service, Smithsonian, as well as critical air and water infrastructure programs within the EPA. In closing, I would like to thank staff on both sides of the aisle who have worked long hours on this legislation. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rita Culp, Jocelyn Hunn, and Rebecca Taylor. On the majority side, I would like to thank Darren Benjamin, Betsy Bina, Jackie Kilroy, Kristin Richmond, Mac Cloyes, and Dave LesStrang from the committee staff, as well as Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Tricia Evans and Dave Kennett from my personal staff. To say the least, this has been a team effort. b1915 Lastly, I would like to thank my good friend and ranking member, BETTY MCCOLLUM , for working with me to address a number of critical needs throughout the bill. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, while we may disagree on some issues, we are never disagreeable and we continue to work well together. Madam Chair, it is a good bill. I urge its adoption. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. (Ms. MCCOLLUM asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I would like to thank Ranking Member LOWEY as well as the full committee chair for their work, but I would like to give a special thanks to Chairman CALVERT and his staff, whom he mentioned by name, and of course my wonderful staff, including my personal staff, for working together using a collaborative approach to help us move forward. The subcommittee has a challenging portfolio of issues, and I commend the chairman’s efforts to maintain many of the fiscal year 2018 investments, such as addressing the backlog of deferred maintenance on Federal lands and investing in Indian Country. I want to express how sincerely proud I am of this subcommittee’s nonpartisan approach to addressing the issues facing our Native American brothers and sisters. I am pleased that the bill recommends an increase of $410 million over the fiscal year 2018 enacted level for programs critical to Indian Country. The health, education, and safety of our Tribal communities is a Federal responsibility that our subcommittee takes very seriously, and that is the one bright spot in this bill; but, unfortunately, other important priorities for the American public did not fare as well. Even though the fiscal year 2019 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee allocation is equal to the fiscal year 2018 enacted level, the majority is proposing a $100 million cut from the Environmental Protection Agency, which is just untenable. The cuts in this bill would target air and water quality programs, reduce Federal funding to enforce the law against polluters, and, if enacted, they will undermine the EPA’s ability to keep our families and communities healthy and to protect our environment for future generations. We are at a defining moment in history. The Interior bill has an opportunity to make a global difference in the quality of life for generations to come, but, sadly, this bill is a mirror of the Trump administration’s actions and disregard for the environment. We cannot afford to ignore the overwhelming scientific evidence the planet is warming, sea levels are rising, and glaciers are melting. We must do more, not less, to pursue policies and programs that will put us on the right path to conserve and protect our natural resources and the planet we call home. The bill before us also reduces funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund by $65 million from the fiscal year 2018 enacted level. This program has strong bipartisan support. It conserves natural areas and provides recreational opportunities in all 50 States. The American people expect us to be good stewards of our public lands and wildlife, but this bill falls short on that commitment. In addition to the irresponsible cuts to the EPA, I must express my concern and my disappointment to the 18 partisan riders in this bill that pander to special interests at the expense of the public good. These riders undermine clean water and clean air safeguards, jeopardize protection and recovery for vulnerable species, and even intercede in California water issues outside of the jurisdiction of the subcommittee. The Senate has committed to work in a bipartisan manner to keep controversial policy riders out of their appropriations bills. I agree with that strategy and believe these policy issues should receive a full and transparent debate in the authorizing committees of jurisdiction. Congress must stop holding the government hostage over these ideological policy riders. And, finally, it is impossible to talk about the bill that funds the Environmental Protection Agency without addressing the ethical problems that have plagued this administration and were embodied by the former EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. There is ample evidence that the former Administrator was misusing Federal dollars for lavish expenses and prioritizing the interest of corporations over protecting America’s families. Mr. Pruitt may be gone from the Agency, but Congress should be doing considerable oversight to ensure that a culture of transparency and accountability is restored at the EPA. We should also be doing our best to ensure that every agency we fund is not abusing taxpayers’ dollars. So I am deeply disappointed that my Republican colleagues voted down multiple amendments in our committee markup that would have held up our responsibility for oversight and adequately funded ongoing investigations. They also denied several more Democratic oversight amendments a chance to come to this floor for debate today. Madam Chair, this bill fails the American people. It cuts environmental protections. It removes safeguards for our air and water and endangered species and allows rampant corruption in the executive branch to go unchecked. I know we can do better than this, and it is my hope we will do better after conference. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I thank Mrs. LOWEY for yielding. So despite my current opposition, I intend to continue to work with the chairman through this year’s appropriations process to produce a responsible bill that I know we can have both parties support in the end. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Madam Chair, I rise tonight to fight for America’s kids and grandkids. That is what we are here to do. This fiscal year 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations bill, as I will explain in a moment, reflects the public outcry over deficit spending and addresses those concerns on behalf of America’s kids and grandkids. Madam Chair, before I dive into those details, I want to thank Ranking Member QUIGLEY for his hard work and dedication to our work together as we have shepherded this committee through the process in this bill. I want to mention a few of the bill’s highlights. This bill is a product of a very Memberdriven process. We brought appropriators and authorizers together. We consulted other committees. We fostered personal MembertoMember conversations to make sure that priorities in this bill were vetted and supported across jurisdictions. We held several public hearings and reviewed over 2,100 unique Member requests as we put this bill together. As the bill passed out of this Appropriations Committee, it passed with bipartisan support. What more can you do on behalf of America’s kids and grandkids? As in past years, we aimed to provide the oversight and allocate taxpayer dollars with the greatest of care. This bill includes resources to implement the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which cuts taxes for families and businesses all across our country, spurring economic growth. The funding in our bill will help implement the law very quickly so American families can use the system without disruption whatsoever. In addition, this bill prioritizes law enforcement, homeland security, and cybersecurity. For example, it provides record funding for the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and DrugFree Communities programs. It updates the legacy IT systems that are governmentwide—we have all seen it and we have heard about it—through the Technology Modernization Fund. Similar to our landmark approach last year, this bill also includes major financial reforms. It cuts regulations, streamlines agency processes. In fact, this bill includes more than 20 pieces of legislation that have passed through this body with bipartisan support, in most cases with more than 270 votes. Now, importantly, one of these reforms brings transparency and oversight to an agency we have all talked about, and that is to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, by bringing it under the authority of Congress and under the authority of the Appropriations Committee. 
Now, with these kinds of reforms, this bill has earned a lot of support across our country. From the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Investment Company Institute, the American Bankers Association, Independent Community Bankers of America, National Association of FederallyInsured Credit Unions, and Credit Union National Association, in addition to the National Taxpayers Union and Citizens for Responsible Budgeting, this bill is bringing together a lot of different interests all across our country. In closing, Madam Chair, I would like to highlight, really, what the heart of this bill is, the major feature of this bill. If your district is anything like mine, you know the American people are frustrated. They are frustrated with Congress, and they are frustrated with this outofcontrol spending. They see our annual deficits fuel our dangerous national debt. So it is time to try something different, and that is what we have done, because if we don’t, we will stay stuck in this fiscal death spiral that we are in. Now, after a lot of thought and effort, we came up with a very creative way to protect funding from being spent. The appropriations process does not make saving money easy, not at all. We all know that if a subcommittee such as mine doesn’t spend everything, another subcommittee will come in and scoop it up and spend it somewhere else. This is just the way legislating is in Washington. So we came up with something different, and we created a new fund in this bill called the Fund for America’s Kids and Grandkids, which safeguards funds for America’s future generations. In fact, it is like a savings account. We put $585 million from this bill as an initial deposit into the savings account, and this money is protected. It cannot be spent until Treasury indicates that we have balanced our budget or we have a surplus. Now, this deposit is only 2.5 percent. It is 2.5 percent of what we were allocated. That is 2
1⁄2pennies of every dollar that we spend. But this is a great step forward, and it is on behalf of America’s kids and grandkids. This approach causes us to think about what deficit spending truly means and in whose name we are borrowing the money and who ultimately is going to get stuck with this debt. Establishing the Fund for America’s Kids and Grandkids means we are appropriating with a new spirit here in Washington, D.C., and that is just because you can spend it doesn’t mean you have to. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ), the ranking member of the Financial Services Subcommittee. Mr. QUIGLEY. Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Madam Chair, I first want to thank Chairman GRAVES , whom I had the privilege of working with for a second year in managing this bill. Our discussions have been both passionate and productive, and I thank him for always allowing for vigorous debate throughout the process. And, of course, I would again like to thank the staff on both sides for their work behind the scenes that went into preparing this bill for floor consideration. In particular, I would like to recognize and thank committee staff on the minority side, Lisa, Chris, Angela, Martha, as well as Doug from my personal office. But with that said, I continue to strongly oppose the bill before us today. Given its flat allocation of $23.4 billion, this bill does not adequately meet the growing needs of our small businesses, taxpayers, and middle class consumers and investors. To be fair, I do want to acknowledge how pleased I was to see increased funding for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, Federal Defender Services, and the Small Business Administration, three very different priorities, each critical in its own right; but this does not negate the cuts suffered by some of our most important agencies tasked with missions ranging from policing Wall Street to supporting investment in our most underserved communities. After losing over a billion dollars in funding and 18,000 staff between 2010 and 2017, my friends in the majority have reversed course and have begun providing the IRS with additional funds to implement their new law, yet taxpayer service is cut by $15 million. GSA’s funding for new construction is cut by over $400 million, and funds for major and basic repairs and alterations come in at $194 million below the requested amount. The SEC, which is tasked with protecting investors and ensuring fairness in our capital markets, is cut by over $200 million, even though the Commission’s budget is financed by industry fees. The CDFI Fund, after receiving increased funding of $250 million in fiscal year 2018, was inexplicably cut by $59 million in the original draft. With an additional $25 million for CDFI approved in committee, it is still not enough. Failing to fully fund the program means fewer resources to spur economic growth and revitalization in our most underserved communities. In addition to these cuts, the bill contains a long list of partisan riders, both old and new, blocking the IRS from enforcing the Johnson amendment and restricting the SEC from requiring companies to disclose political contributions. It would interfere in the local affairs of D.C. in an infinite number of ways, which simply must stop. b1930 Let’s talk about the business at hand. I was heartened to see Republicans speak out against the President’s performance in Helsinki. The reaction to the President not understanding the full breadth and width of the Russian attack on our democratic process was extraordinary. The Russians attacked us. They will be back. Most likely, they probably never left. But those tweets are one thing. You have to put your dollars and your votes where your tweets are. After providing the States with $380 million in grants to help fortify and protect election systems from cyber hacking, this bill zeroes out that fund for 2019. I have made this argument time and again, but it is worth repeating that the $380 million that has been allocated is a step in the right direction, but it is only a down payment. For a majority of the 13 States that still use voting machines with no paper trail, at most, the funds they receive only cover half the replacement costs. Forty States use old equipment, which cannot handle modern anticyber hacking software. The entity that manages these grants, EAC, has announced that every State has requested funding, showing overwhelming demand for these resources. That is why I offered an amendment in the committee markup to restore funding for the program. Unfortunately, it failed in a partyline vote. Let me emphasize, again: We must do more to protect our democratic process from those who wish us harm, not just for the upcoming midterms, but for 2020 and beyond. Most States maxed out the amount of money they could request from this program. Obviously, many other States, I suspect, would be a little more enthusiastic if the President didn’t tell them this was a witch hunt or a hoax. So there is much more we can do toward that end. Let’s remind ourselves of the last time we had an election debacle of this magnitude: BushGore. This government spent $3.4 billion. Why? Because we treasure the democratic process. We want every vote to count, and we certainly don’t want a foreign adversary to be able to detract from that. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. QUIGLEY. Madam Chair, I just ask my colleagues, let us join together. There was never a more important time to treasure our democracy and fund the programs that protect them. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ), a member of the committee. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time. I rise in full support of H.R. 6147 and commend Chairman CALVERT on this muchneeded legislation. Back in 1977, Congress established the Abandoned Mine Lands program to 
use coal production revenues to fund critical reclamation efforts. Roll forward about 30 or 40 years, and I want to highlight one important part of the funding bill that is before us that will truly make a difference in many hard hit coal States, including my home State of West Virginia. A new AML pilot program is in this legislation. Back in 2016, and thanks to the leadership of Chairman Hal Rogers and Chairman CALVERT , we worked on establishing this AML pilot program to use some of these funds to help create job opportunities for displaced workers and help diversify the economy. In the last 2 years, the AML pilot program has brought $80 million to West Virginia, bolstering our economy and creating new jobs. These funds are being put to good use and play a proactive role in diversifying our State’s economy, and many other States’. AML pilot funds, for example, are being used to support the Hatfield McCoy Trail System, more than 700 miles of worldclass ATV trails just in West Virginia. I recently took part in a ride along on one of the trails to see firsthand the economic benefits they have brought to West Virginia. The trails being developed using AML pilot funds will attract thousands of new visitors, bolstering job creation in Appalachia and unleashing our tourism potential. These funds are also being used to expand municipal water services, which is critical for businesses and agricultural developments, as well as public health. The Coalfield Development Corporation, for example, is using AML pilot funds to build an aquaponics farm to grow sustainable commercial quantities of fish and vegetables. Simply stated, our towns and counties and States need resources to provide for the future, and this bill does it. It helps us diversify the economies. It helps attract employers and create muchneeded jobs, putting West Virginians and Americans back to work. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the distinguished ranking member of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chairwoman, I thank Ranking Member LOWEY for yielding me this time. Unfortunately, I must rise in strong opposition to this bill and its litany of hollow choices and some dangerous choices. First, on election security, a day after President Trump told the whole world he believes Russian President Putin over our intelligence community, while claiming Russia didn’t hack our 2016 election, this Republican bill provides zero election security grants to help our States prepare against likely cyber interference. Congress, as the first branch of government, must live up to our constitutional obligation. Just months away from our 2018 elections, President Trump essentially greenlit Putin’s ongoing attacks. Does this body wish to be complicit as we head toward 2018 and 2020? This bill surely suggests so. Further, this bill attacks clean water access by repealing the waters of the United States rule without any public input regarding a replacement. It puts America’s waters and the health and wellbeing of the American people at even greater risk, and it is a disservice to our constituents. I strongly oppose the rider that would block the Environmental Protection Agency from addressing waste from animal feeding operations under the Solid Waste Disposal Act. In my watershed, which drains the tristate, binational region of North America into the western end of Lake Erie, the equivalent of 42,500 boxcar loads of animal manure are locally generated every year. That is trainloads of feces over 400 miles long every year seeping into the tributaries to the lake system every year. Additionally, the majority is far too eager to authorize massive corporate giveaways in this appropriations bill. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chairwoman, their socalled CHOICE Act guts essential safeguards that require banks to plan and prevent the kind of financial catastrophe we saw in 2008. The only people who haven’t been brought to justice are the scoundrels on Wall Street who created the mess. I hope our colleagues will join me in opposing this bill. And let me thank Chairmen FRELINGHUYSEN , GRAVES , and CALVERT , as well as Ranking Members LOWEY , M CCOLLUM , and Q UIGLEY for their efforts on this bill. I know how hard it is to bring an appropriations bill to the floor, and I am sorry I cannot support this one. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairwoman, at this time, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I thank Chairman CALVERT for his leadership on this legislation and for recognizing the critically important work of cleaning up Federal Superfund sites across the United States. The remedial program for cleanups will see a $40 million increase in this package, bringing the Superfund total to $1.17 billion. This funding is well spent. One cleanup project in the congressional district I serve, the American Cyanamid Superfund site in Bridgewater, New Jersey, is a worthy project, indeed. The American Cyanamid site has been a hazard for too long, and the project was placed on the Superfund list in 1983. It is time to have the 44,000 tons of hazardous waste on this site safely and permanently destroyed. This is why we have a Superfund program and why the work of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Appropriations Committee is so important. Federal officials and resources with the knowhow and expertise have tackled these problems in other parts of the country and now need to focus on Bridgewater and other worthy projects across the Nation. This is a good project. I rise to call attention to its great merits and to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , Chairman CALVERT , the committee, and the EPA for their involvement and support thus far. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman. I want to thank my colleague from New Jersey for expressing support for the Superfund program. The Superfund program continues to be a priority of this committee. In the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, we provided a $66 million increase to the program to accelerate cleanup of Superfund sites and respond to the release of hazardous materials. I look forward to working together through the 2019 process to ensure that the Superfund program receives necessary funding to clean up and revitalize our Nation’s toxic sites, like the American Cyanamid site, so that they are returned to productive use. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chairwoman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ), a member of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I thank Ranking Member LOWEY for yielding me the time. Madam Chair, I rise today as a member of the subcommittee in reluctant opposition to the bill before us. I want to thank the ranking member and the chairman for their hard work on this bill. I know that, in a truly bipartisan fashion, there has been an effort to address many issues that are important to me and to other Members. For example, I appreciate that the committee has come together to fund a National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities at strong levels that will help support our local economies and protect important cultural institutions. But the truth of the matter is that we will be voting on numerous amendments tonight that will add poison pill riders to the bill. They will gut our environmental protections and act as a straightforward assault on our country’s air, water, and Federal lands. The fact that so many of these harmful amendments were made in order by the Rules Committee is a telling statement of misplaced priorities. But even 
more telling are the amendments that were not made in order. None of the amendments to protect our oceans was made in order. Not one of the 10 amendments offered to prevent the devastation of our oceans due to oil and gas drilling off our coasts was made in order. We had Members from both sides of the aisle offering these amendments. We had Members from all across the country offering these amendments, and not one was allowed for full House debate, neither was an amendment I offered to push the administration on distributing appropriated funding that it has sat on without reason. This administration created guidance for the Department of the Interior in December of last year, which added another layer of bureaucracy and review for alreadyapproved projects. How ironic that a Republican administration would actually be purposefully adding bureaucracy that they so often rail against. This has led to an unconscionable delay in getting funds out to the communities in Texas, Florida, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico that have been impacted by natural disasters, as well as other projects not related to hurricane relief. As we enter our second month of the current hurricane season, our American citizens have yet to see the full relief that they are owed and that this Congress has provided for them. That is because of this administration’s unnecessary delays. Again, I know the work that has gone into the creation of this bill with funding levels from many programs that are vital in my home State of Maine. In Maine, we have a strong appreciation for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the United States Geological Survey. We love estuaries, wildlife refuges, and National parks, like the beloved Acadia National Park in Maine and our new Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument. This funding is critical, and I am proud to be on the subcommittee that funds all of these national treasures and vital programs. But because my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will spend the next few hours attempting to gut the Clean Air Act, eliminate the EPA methane rule, restrict the Endangered Species Act, zero out funds for diesel emissions reduction, and ban even the discussion of the cost of carbon in our Nation, I will not be able to support this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposition. b1945 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), who is the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Madam Chair, I want to thank Chairman CALVERT along with our friend and neighbor, Congressman COOK, on this issue which is, quite frankly, a matter of survival for two communities in my district. I submitted an amendment to this Appropriations bill to ensure the city of Banning and the community of Banning Heights can continue to receive water from a conveyance flume that they have relied on for over 100 years. The water from the flume provides 100 percent of the water for the community of Banning Heights and approximately 30 percent of the water for the city of Banning. This isn’t a small matter for these communities. In fact, I understand that during times when Banning Heights hadn’t received water from the flume, the city of Banning has had to use temporary means to deliver an emergency supply of water to them. This shouldn’t even be an issue. The two communities have an undisputed water right and a historic rightofway to maintain the flume that brings the water to the community. The flume was previously used by Southern California Edison under a hydroelectric permit with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. For more than a decade, Edison has been in the process of decommissioning this permit, and the city of Banning and Banning Heights are simply seeking to ensure that the flume can be repaired and maintained and continues to deliver water. Earlier this month, the Forest Service issued a letter stating that they would require the inclusion of new instream flows as a contingency of the issuance of a special use permit just to allow the city to make repairs to the flume. This requirement would mean that in an average year, the two communities would receive no water from the flume on more than 100 days, I repeat, no water for nearly onethird of the year. Additionally, during periods of drought, the Forest Service estimates that the communities could go more than 50 consecutive days during the summer months without water. This is simply unacceptable. While my amendment will not be debated on the floor today, I will continue to work with the Forest Service to resolve this situation in a way that protects the water rights of Banning and Banning Heights and makes sure that any new instream flows do not take away water from communities that need it. Madam Chair, I thank Chairman CALVERT again for his attention to this. I ask the gentleman for his commitment to work with me to resolve this critical issue for my constituents. Mr. CALVERT. I thank Mr. RUIZfor raising this issue. I would like to offer and continue working with the gentleman and the Forest Service to amicably and productively resolve the situation. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, I reserve balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Chair, we should be making investments that protect our communities and make it easier for working families to get ahead. This bill falls far short of those goals. It shows the majority is not serious about enacting spending bills on time and is rife with deficiencies from a tax on the environment and consumers to wasting hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars, and it fails to stand up to Russian aggression and protect our elections. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam Chair, I am pleased the House is taking the next step towards our Appropriations bills today. These bills maintain vital Federal responsibilities and reflect common American values. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–81 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follow: H.R. 6147 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Interior, Environment, Financial Services, and General Government Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR BUREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  For necessary expenses for protection, use, improvement, development, disposal, cadastral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,247,883,000, 
to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from permit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), except that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureaurelated expenses associated with the processing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations. In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law Administration program operations, including the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Bureau and credited to this appropriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby authorized for fiscal year 2019, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,247,883,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communication site rental fees established by the Bureau for the cost of administering communication site activities. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out sections 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, including administrative expenses and acquisition of lands or waters, or interests therein, $17,392,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  For expenses necessary for management, protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and maintenance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California landgrant counties of Oregon, and on adjacent rightsofway; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing connecting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $106,985,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and California landgrant fund and shall be transferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 2605). 
RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisition of lands and interests therein, and improvement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), notwithstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range improvements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from BankheadJones lands transferred to the Department of the Interior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative expenses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application documents and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construction, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to section 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Secretary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource developer, purchaser, permittee, or any unauthorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  In addition to amounts authorized to be expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be contributed under section 307 of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, surveys, appraisals, and costs of making conveyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to remain available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erection, and dismantlement of temporary structures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities authorized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative costsharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to provide an identified amount of money in support of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropriations herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products. UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as authorized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,288,808,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not to exceed $10,941,000 shall be used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions described in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)): Provided further, That $12,022,000 shall be provided to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation pursuant to section 3709 of title 16, United States Code, for the benefit of, and in connection with, the activities and services of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisition, or removal of buildings and other facilities required in the conservation, management, investigation, protection, and utilization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests therein; $59,734,000, to remain available until expended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $47,438,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conservation partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to exceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out section 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $53,495,000, to remain available until expended, of which $22,695,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund; and of which $30,800,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE FUND  For expenses necessary to implement the Act of October 17, 1978 (16 U.S.C. 715s), $13,228,000. 
NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $42,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to remain available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the development and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, including species that are not hunted or fished, $63,571,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of the amount provided herein, $4,209,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That $6,362,000 is for a competitive grant program to implement approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected 
States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $10,571,000 and administrative expenses, apportion the amount provided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than onehalf of 1 percent thereof; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than onefourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary shall apportion the remaining amount in the following manner: (1) onethird of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) twothirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: 3 Provided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be adjusted equitably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided further, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not exceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the nonFederal share of such projects may not be derived from Federal grant programs: Provided further, That any amount apportioned in 2019 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2020, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2021, in the manner provided herein. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Service may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reservation areas caused by operations of the Service; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conservation areas as are consistent with their primary purpose; and the maintenance and improvement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Service and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in connection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the cooperators share at least onehalf the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accepted quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for nontoxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service— Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without further appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such nontoxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended. NATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the management, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administration of the National Park Service, $2,527,810,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $149,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets and $166,575,000 for cyclic maintenance projects for constructed assets and cultural resources shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recreation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance, international park affairs, and grant administration, not otherwise provided for, $63,638,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $91,910,000, to be derived from the Historic Preservation Fund and to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $13,000,000 shall be for Save America’s Treasures grants for preservation of national significant sites, structures and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (54 U.S.C. 3089): Provided, That an individual Save America’s Treasures grant shall be matched by nonFederal funds: Provided further, That individual projects shall only be eligible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds provided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently underrepresented, as determined by the Secretary, $13,000,000 is for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement, and $5,000,000 is for grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities: Provided further, That such competitive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in section 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code, to States and Indian tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local governments, including Certified Local Governments, and nonprofit organizations. 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and compliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $366,333,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project initially funded in fiscal year 2019 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall contain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That National Park Service Donations, Park Concessions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjustments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with current reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this section. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  For expenses necessary to carry out chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory authority applicable to the National Park Service, $172,363,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $124,006,000 is for the State assistance program and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from nonFederal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaranteed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to other uses set forth in section 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, franchise fees credited to a subaccount shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, without further appropriation, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liability for Possessory Interest or leasehold surrender interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the benefitting unit anticipated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extinguish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the subaccount of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single contract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to extinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Public Law 109– 432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to remain available until expended. National Park Service funds may be transferred to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform surveys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and possessions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engineering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission licensees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting mining and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,167,291,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which $84,337,000 shall remain available until expended for satellite operations; and of which $15,164,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital improvement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds provided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on private property, unless specifically authorized in 
writing by the property owner: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than onehalf the cost of topographic mapping or water resources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisition of lands for gauging stations, observation wells, and seismic equipment; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly appointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided, That activities funded by appropriations herein made may be accomplished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institutions or nonprofit organizations, without regard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to compensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be considered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  For expenses necessary for granting and administering leases, easements, rightsofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marinerelated purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for environmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $180,222,000, of which $130,406,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $49,816,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $130,406,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activities. BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  ENFORCEMENT  
ENFORCEMENT  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights ofway and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marinerelated purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as authorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $144,867,000, of which $120,743,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $24,124,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $120,743,000. For an additional amount, $41,765,000, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from nonrefundable inspection fees collected in fiscal year 2019, as provided in this Act: Provided, That to the extent that amounts realized from such inspection fees exceed $41,765,000, the amounts realized in excess of $41,765,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and missionrelated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environmental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), including the review of applications for permits to drill. OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until expended. OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  ENFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $113,969,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That appropriations for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading and notwithstanding the Federal share limits contained in section 705 of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1295), not to exceed $2,300,000 shall be for the Secretary of the Interior to make grants to any State with active coal mine operations within its borders that does not have an approved State regulatory program under section 503 of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1253) for the purpose of developing a State program under such Act. In addition, for costs to review, administer, and enforce permits issued by the Office pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95–87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That fees assessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $113,969,000. ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $24,546,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the Department of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the delinquent debt owed to the United States Government to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of environmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the purposes and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided further, That amounts provided under this heading may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended, for grants to States for reclamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the report accompanying this Act: Provided, That such additional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Provided further, That such additional amount shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section: Provided further, That such additional amount shall be allocated to States within 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  INDIAN EDUCATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, including the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,436,821,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $76,000,000 shall be for welfare assistance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts provided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal organizations of federally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $689,558,000 for school operations costs of Bureaufunded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That not to exceed $54,174,000 shall remain available until expended for housing improvement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land 
records improvement, and the NavajoHopi Settlement Program: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $82,223,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2019: Provided further, That any forestry funds allocated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2020, may be transferred during fiscal year 2021 to an Indian forest land assistance account established for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2021: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to purchase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may accept transfers of funds from U.S. Customs and Border Protection to supplement any other funding available for reconstruction or repair of roads owned by the Bureau of Indian Affairs as identified on the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory, 23 U.S.C. 202(b)(1): Provided further, That of the funds provided, not to exceed $2,000,000 is authorized for a demonstration project to pilot a lease agreement with a federally recognized Indian tribe agreeing to replace and own a Bureau of Indian Education funded school facility operated under Public Law 93–638 or Public Law 100–297: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $2,000,000 shall be to implement section 7(b) of Public Law 102–495 (106 Stat. 3173). 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs for fiscal year 2019, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power systems, buildings, utilities, and other facilities, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursuant to Public Law 87–483; $354,485,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project may be transferred to the Bureau of Reclamation: Provided further, That not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program management costs of the Bureau: Provided further, That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to the Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, in implementing new construction, replacement facilities construction, or facilities improvement and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Administrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs contained in part 12 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, as the regulatory requirements: Provided further, That such grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of payments for the work to be performed: Provided further, That in considering grant applications, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in assuring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by section 1125(b) of title XI of Public Law 95–561 (25 U.S.C. 2005(b)), with respect to organizational and financial management capabilities: Provided further, That if the Secretary declines a grant application, the Secretary shall follow the requirements contained in section 5206(f) of Public Law 100– 297 (25 U.S.C. 2504(f)): Provided further, That any disputes between the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the disputes provision in section 5208(e) of Public Law 107–110 (25 U.S.C. 2507(e)): Provided further, That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary may assume control of a project and all funds related to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grantee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and commenced construction: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the appropriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administrative expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, 111–291, and 114–322, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $50,057,000, to remain available until expended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and insured loans, $19,279,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $1,702,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or insured, not to exceed $329,260,000. 
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry out the operation of Indian programs by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either directly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding Public Law 87–279 (25 U.S.C. 15), the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and administrative services funding for Tribal Priority Allocations, regional offices, and facilities operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the Indian SelfDetermination Act or the Tribal SelfGovernance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–413). In the event any tribe returns appropriations made available by this Act to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust responsibility to that tribe, or the governmenttogovernment relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropriations. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education, other than the amounts provided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this prohibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary determines such waiver is needed to support accomplishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education, or more than one grade to expand the elementary grade structure for Bureaufunded schools with a K2 grade structure on October 1, 1996. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding formula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was reinstated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made available under this Act may not be used to establish a charter school at a Bureaufunded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureaufunded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that period, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reimburse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept separate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bureaufunded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions related to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appendix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribution formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for nonpublic schools located within the jurisdictional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not include grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureaufunded school, provide an educational environment with educator presence and academic facilities comparable to the Bureaufunded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring extraordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to 
students such as those caused by busing students extended distances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund operations, maintenance, rehabilitation, construction or other facilitiesrelated costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bureau: Provided further, That the term ‘‘satellite school’’ means a school location physically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other respects. Of the unobligated balances available from appropriations made under the heading ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education’’ prior to fiscal year 2014, $4,000,000 are permanently rescinded. DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $134,673,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official reception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unemployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $9,000,000 for the Appraisal and Valuation Services Office is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until expended; and of which $9,704,000 for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds for Indian land, mineral, and resource valuation activities may, as needed, be transferred to and merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account and the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians ‘‘Federal Trust Programs’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2019, as authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2019, up to $400,000 of the payments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That the amounts provided under this Act specifically for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program are the only amounts available for payments authorized under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That in the event the sums appropriated for any fiscal year for payments pursuant to this chapter are insufficient to make the full payments authorized by that chapter to all units of local government, then the payment to each local government shall be made proportionally: Provided further, That the Secretary may make adjustments to payment to individual units of local government to correct for prior overpayments or underpayments: Provided further, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that chapter to otherwise eligible units of local government if the computed amount of the payment is less than $100. INSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For expenses necessary for assistance to territories under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior and other jurisdictions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $96,870,000, of which: (1) $87,440,000 shall remain available until expended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef initiative activities, and brown tree snake control and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and expenses, as authorized by law (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of American Samoa, in addition to current local revenues, for construction and support of governmental functions; grants to the Government of the Virgin Islands, as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Government of the Northern Mariana Islands , as authorized by law (Public Law 94–241; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,430,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the territorial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agencies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Financial Assistance for the Northern Mariana Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Provided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial participation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s commitment to timely maintenance of its capital assets: Provided further, That any appropriation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropriations Acts may be used as non–Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  For grants and necessary expenses, $3,363,000, to remain available until expended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99–658 and Public Law 108–188. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Public Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the subsidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit elsewhere requirements, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That any funds transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. OFFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $65,674,000. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, $52,486,000. OFFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR AMERICAN  INDIANS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for Indians by direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $110,692,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $19,016,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ account; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ account: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obligated during fiscal year 2019, as authorized by the Indian Self Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly statement of performance for any Indian trust account that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such account to be withdrawn upon the express written request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is available for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either disbursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after September 30, 2002: Provided further, That erroneous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this account for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to reconcile Special Deposit Accounts with a balance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are unknown for a continuous period of at least five years and shall not be required to generate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain sufficient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall remain available to the individual account holders. 
NAVAJO AND HOPI INDIAN RELOCATION  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians to carry out the activities authorized by subsection 11(h) of Public Law 93–531, as most recently amended by Public Law 104–301, through direct expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Office of the Special Trustee is further authorized to expend funds provided under this heading for the purpose of planning for an orderly closeout of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for fire preparedness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Interior, $939,660,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $194,000,000 is for fuels management activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $20,470,000 is for burned area rehabilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided further, That notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were expended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That using the amounts designated under this title of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for fuels management activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management activities on Federal land, or on adjacent nonFederal land for activities that benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any nonFederal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That notwithstanding requirements of the Competition in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels management activities, may obtain maximum practicable competition among: (1) local private, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conservation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public Law 109–154), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or microbusinesses; or (4) other entities that will hire or train locally a significant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in implementing this section, the Secretary shall develop written guidance to field units to ensure accountability and consistent application of the authorities provided herein: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by section 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management activities: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, including but not limited to fire guard stations, retardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That funds provided for wildfire suppression shall be available for support of Federal emergency response actions: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support forestry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with United States and international organizations. 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component offices and bureaus for the response action, including associated activities, performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT AND  RESTORATION  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage assessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provisions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and 54 U.S.C. 100721 et seq., $7,767,000, to remain available until expended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For the operation and maintenance of a departmental financial and business management system, information technology improvements of general benefit to the Department, cybersecurity, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $58,778,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary may assess reasonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, educational, or recreational activities (as defined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for similar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two preceding provisos shall be credited to this account, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That the Secretary may enter into grants and cooperative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be obtained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or tradein value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft. OFFICE OF NATURAL RESOURCES REVENUE  For necessary expenses for management of the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $137,505,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; of which $41,727,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, $15,000 shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. 
PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES  For necessary expenses for payments authorized by chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, $500,000,000 shall be available for fiscal year 2019. GENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  INTERIOR  
BUREAU  SEC. 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the approval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of aircraft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made available under this authority until funds specifically made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible. 
DEPARTMENT WIDE SEC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any no year appropriation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emergency rehabilitation of burnedover lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoidable causes; for contingency planning subsequent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activities related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mormon cricket outbreaks on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclamation projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assumption of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regulatory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, with such reimbursement to be credited to appropriations currently available at the time of 
receipt thereof: Provided further, That for wildland fire operations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary determines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire suppression’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to reimburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  SEC. 103. Appropriations made to the Department of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replacement of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of reprints; payment for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members. 
MANAGEMENT  SEC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior appropriations Acts made under the same headings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and reform activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. 
AFFAIRS  SEC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Priority Allocation funds, including tribal base funds, to alleviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a reduction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2019. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies, the 10 percent limitation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  SEC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire lands, waters, or interests therein including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jersey, for the purpose of operating and maintaining facilities in the support of transportation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activities, by donation or with appropriated funds, including franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Secretary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such facilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may determine reasonable. 
OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  SEC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall collect a nonrefundable inspection fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facilities that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2019 shall be: (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells. (c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2019. Fees for fiscal year 2019 shall be: (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of billing. The Secretary shall bill designated operators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , 
REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  SEC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in the report accompanying this Act. 
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  SEC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agreements with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the longterm care and maintenance of excess wild free roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, subject to renewal at the discretion of the Secretary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  SEC. 110. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall, in carrying out its responsibilities to protect threatened and endangered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, intended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead species. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
EXHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW  SEC. 111. Paragraph (1) of section 122(a) of division E of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2022,’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter,’’. 
AFFAIRS  SEC. 112. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2019, in carrying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts receivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
HUMANE TRANSFER OF EXCESS ANIMALS  SEC. 113. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Interior may transfer excess wild horses or burros that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local government agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon request of such Federal, State, or local government agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild freeroaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild FreeRoaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as authorized in this section shall not: destroy the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruction into commercial products; sell or otherwise transfer the horses or burros in a way that results in their destruction for processing into commercial products; or euthanize the horses or burros except upon the recommendation of a licensed veterinarian, in cases of severe injury, illness, or advanced age. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR EXPERIENCED  
SERVICES PROGRAM  SEC. 114. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law relating to Federal grants and cooperative agreements, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to make grants to, or enter into cooperative agreements with, private nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of Labor under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 to utilize the talents of older Americans in programs authorized by other provisions of law administered by the Secretary and consistent with such provisions of law. (b) Prior to awarding any grant or agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that the agreement would not— (1) result in the displacement of individuals currently employed by the Department, including partial displacement through reduction of nonovertime hours, wages, or employment benefits; (2) result in the use of an individual under the Department of the Interior Experienced Services Program for a job or function in a case in which a Federal employee is in a layoff status from the same or substantially equivalent job within the Department; or (3) affect existing contracts for services. 
SAGEGROUSE  SEC. 115. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to write or issue pursuant to section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533)— (1) a proposed rule for greater sagegrouse (Centrocercus urophasianus); (2) a proposed rule for the Columbia basin distinct population segment of greater sagegrouse; or (3) a final rule for the BiState distinct population segment of greater sagegrouse. 
REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULES  SEC. 116. (a) The final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530) that was reinstated on March 3, 2017, by the decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia (No. 145300) and further republished on May 1, 2017 (82 Fed. Reg. 20284) that reinstates the removal of Federal protections for the gray wolf in Wyoming under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), and this subsection, shall not be subject to judicial review. (b) Before the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on December 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. Such reissuance (including this subsection) shall not be subject to judicial review. 
GRAY WOLVES RANGE WIDE SEC. 117. (a) Not later than the end of fiscal year 2019, and except as provided in subsection 
(b), the Secretary of the Interior shall issue a rule to remove the gray wolf (Canis lupus) in each of the 48 contiguous States of the United States and the District of Columbia from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife in section 17.11 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rule. (b) Such issuance (including this section)— (1) shall not be subject to judicial review; and (2) shall not affect the inclusion of the subspecies classified as the Mexican gray wolf (Canis lupus baileyi) of the species gray wolf (Canis lupus) in such list. 
TRIBAL SOVEREIGNTY  SEC. 118. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enforce, refer for enforcement, or to assist any other agency in enforcing section 251 of title 25, United States Code. 
CONTRIBUTION AUTHORITY  SEC. 119. Section 113 of Division G of Public Law 113–76 is amended by striking ‘‘2019,’’ and inserting ‘‘2024,’’. 
HISTORIC DESIGNATION  SEC. 120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to make a determination of eligibility or to list the Trestles Historic District, San Diego County, California, on the National Register of Historic Places. 
PAUL H . DOUGLAS TRAIL REDESIGNATION  SEC. 121. (a) I NDIANA DUNES NATIONAL LAKE SHORE RETITLED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘National Lakeshore’’ and ‘‘national lakeshore’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘National Park’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘lakeshore’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Park’’. (2) NONAPPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to— (A) the title of the map referred to in the first section of Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u); and (B) the title of the maps referred to in section 4 of Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u–3). (b) PAUL H. D OUGLAS TRAIL REDESIGNA TION.—The 1.6 mile trail within the Indiana Dunes National Park designated the ‘‘Miller Woods Trail’’ is hereby redesignated as the ‘‘Paul H. Douglas Trail’’. 
WATER RIGHTS  SEC. 122. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used— (1) to condition the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, rightofway, or other land use or occupancy agreement on the transfer of any water right, including sole and joint ownership, directly to the United States, or any impairment of title, in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recognized under State law, by Federal or State adjudication, decree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact; or (2) to require any water user to apply for or acquire a water right in the name of the United States under State law as a condition of the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, rightofway, or other land use or occupancy agreement. TITLE II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For science and technology, including research and development activities, which shall include research and development activities under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980; necessary expenses for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $651,113,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $4,100,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of unobligated balances from appropriations made available under this heading, $7,350,000 are permanently rescinded. ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For environmental programs and management, including necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; library memberships in societies or associations which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; administrative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; implementation of a coal combustion residual permit program under section 2301 of the Water and Waste Act of 2016; and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,473,282,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading, the Chemical Risk Review and Reduction program project shall be allocated for this fiscal year, excluding the amount of any fees made available, not less than the amount of appropriations for that program project for fiscal year 2014: Provided further, That of the funds included under this heading, $12,700,000 shall be for Environmental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of the funds included under this heading, $434,857,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of the unobligated balances from appropriations made available under this heading, $40,000,000 are permanently rescinded. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $41,489,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For construction, repair, improvement, extension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $39,553,000, to remain available until expended. HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,127,090,000, to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2018, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,127,090,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Hazardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $8,778,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2020, and $15,496,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2020. LEAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST FUNDPROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $91,941,000, to remain available until expended, of which $66,572,000 shall be for carrying out leaking underground storage tank cleanup activities authorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $25,369,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use appropriations made available under this heading to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial assistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. INLAND OILSPILLPROGRAMS  For expenses necessary to carry out the Environmental Protection Agency’s responsibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,209,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. STATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For environmental programs and infrastructure assistance, including capitalization grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $3,588,161,000, to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $1,393,887,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $863,233,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That for fiscal year 2019, funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants may, at the discretion of each State, be used for projects to address green infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other environmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2019 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Administrator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible purposes of the fund, including administration: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants made under title II of such Act for American Samoa, Guam, the commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Columbia may also be made for the purpose of providing assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the provisions of such subsections (g)(1), (h), and (l) of section 201 and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for facility 
plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding any provision of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and regulations issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of such Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and educational programs relating to the operation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages as defined in Public Law 92–203: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $30,000,000, whichever is greater, and notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, whichever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Revolving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Virgin Islands: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and 20 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial financing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients only where such debt was incurred on or after the date of enactment of this Act; (2) $10,000,000 shall be for architectural, engineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the United StatesMexico Border, after consultation with the appropriate border commission: Provided, That no funds provided by this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United StatesMexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has established an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that jurisdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the development within an existing colonia the construction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, wastewater, or other necessary infrastructure; (3) $20,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $80,000,000 shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, interagency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characterization, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA: Provided further, That at least 10 percent shall be allocated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided further That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates; (5) $100,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $55,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and conditions in the explanatory statement described in section 4 (in the matter preceding division A of this consolidated Act); (7) $1,066,041,000 shall be for grants, including associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized tribes, interstate agencies, tribal consortia, and air pollution control agencies for multimedia or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement and related activities, including activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104–134, and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Information Exchange Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national and Statelevel statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring programs. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND  INNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $5,488,000,000. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this account, to remain available until expended, for the purposes provided in such sections. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —ENVIRONMENTAL  PROTECTION AGENCY  
FUNDS)  For fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to implement directly Federal environmental programs required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to federally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in implementing Federal environmental programs for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agreements may be awarded from funds designated for State financial assistance agreements. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Extension Act of 2012. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(d)(2)), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w–8) for fiscal year 2019. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in addition to the activities specified in section 33 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w–8), fees collected in this and prior fiscal years under such section shall be available for the following activities as they relate to pesticide licensing: processing and review of data submitted in association with a registration, information submitted pursuant to section 6(a)(2) of FIFRA, supplemental distributor labels, transfers of registrations and data compensation rights, additional uses registered by States under section 24(c) of FIFRA, data compensation petitions, review of minor amendments, and notifications; laboratory support and audits; administrative support; development of policy and guidance; rulemaking support; information collection activities; and the portions of salaries related to work in these areas. The Administrator is authorized to transfer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appropriated for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out activities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an interagency agreement with the head of such Federal department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to governmental entities, nonprofit organizations, institutions, 
and individuals for planning, research, monitoring, outreach, and implementation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate fees in accordance with section 26(b) of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2625(b)) for fiscal year 2019. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate fees in accordance with section 3204 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g) for fiscal year 2019. The Science and Technology, Environmental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, repair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facilities, provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. For fiscal year 2019, and notwithstanding section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Administrator is authorized to use the amounts appropriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to Indian tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. Of the unobligated balances available for the ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ account, $75,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Notwithstanding the limitations on amounts in section 320(i)(2)(B) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, not less than $1,500,000 of the funds made available under this title for the National Estuary Program shall be for making competitive awards described in section 320(g)(4). The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is not authorized to obligate or expend more than $50 of the funds made available under this title for the purchase of any individual fountain pen. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
RESOURCES AND ENVIRONMENT  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Under Secretary for Natural Resources and Environment, $875,000: Provided, That funds made available by this Act to any agency in the Natural Resources and Environment mission area for salaries and expenses are available to fund up to one administrative support staff for the office. FOREST SERVICE  
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and rangeland research as authorized by law, $297,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds provided, $77,000,000 is for the forest inventory and analysis program. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assistance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, and conducting an international program as authorized, $334,945,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, as authorized by law; of which $48,445,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, for management, protection, improvement, and utilization of the National Forest System, and for hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, $1,972,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the funds provided, $40,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $380,000,000 shall be for forest products: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $450,000,000 shall be for hazardous fuels management activities, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That $15,000,000 may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities, and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land, or on nonFederal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forestry Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on nonFederal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriations. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $499,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2019 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the Forest Service, $34,761,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California; and the OzarkSt. Francis and Ouachita National Forests, Arkansas; as authorized by law, $700,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by nonFederal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available through September 30, 2020, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586; Public Law 76–589, 76– 591; and Public Law 78–310). RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of range rehabilitation, protection, and improvement, 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic livestock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579, to remain available through September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for administrative expenses associated with ontheground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. 
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b), $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. 
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3111 et seq.), $1,850,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency wildland fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, and for emergency rehabilitation of burnedover National Forest System lands and water, $3,004,986,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for hazardous fuels management may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ account: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for nonfire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for support to Federal emergency response: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any nonFederal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That funds designated for wildfire suppression shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; acquisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the operable fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service programs; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or tradein value used to offset the purchase price for the replacement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 
for employment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for expenses pursuant to the Volunteers in the National Forest Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burnedover or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided, That all funds used pursuant to this paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. Not more than $50,000,000 of funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior for wildland fire management, hazardous fuels management, and State fire assistance when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Forest Service may transfer unobligated balances of discretionary funds appropriated to the Forest Service by this Act to or within the National Forest System Account, or reprogram funds to be used for the purposes of hazardous fuels management and urgent rehabilitation of burnedover National Forest System lands and water, such transferred funds shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to this section shall be available for obligation without written notification to and the prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That this section does not apply to funds derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Program, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Department of State, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. private sector firms, institutions and organizations to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be subject to transfer under the provisions of section 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or section 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the report accompanying this Act. Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agriculture for Department Reimbursable Programs, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of reimbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Department of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993 (16 U.S.C. 1721 et seq.). Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Foundation to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match funds made available by the Forest Service on at least a oneforone basis: Provided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a nonFederal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the nonFederal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resourcebased businesses for sustainable rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. Any funds appropriated to the Forest Service may be used to meet the nonFederal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). The Forest Service shall not assess funds for the purpose of performing fire, administrative, and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotiations and similar matters unrelated to civil litigation. Future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the sums requested for transfer. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, the Forest Service shall report no later than 30 business days following the close of each fiscal quarter all current and prior year unobligated balances, by fiscal year, budget line item and account, to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act, the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the Indian Health Service, $4,202,639,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, except as otherwise provided herein, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to sections 231(b) and 233 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 238(b), 238b), for services furnished by the Indian Health Service: Provided, That funds made available to tribes and tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be available for grants or contracts with public or private institutions to provide alcohol or drug treatment services to Indians, including alcohol detoxification services: Provided further, That $964,819,000 for Purchased/Referred Care, including $53,000,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $55,700,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $18,000,000 shall remain available until expended to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics operated under an Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act compact or contract where health care is delivered in space acquired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and improvement and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $58,000,000 shall be for costs related to or resulting from accreditation emergencies, of which up to $4,000,000 may be used to supplement amounts otherwise available for Purchased/Referred Care: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Government as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be deposited to the Fund authorized by section 108A of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a–1) and shall remain available until expended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a– 1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of that Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided further, That the amounts made available within this account for the Substance Abuse and Suicide Prevention Program, for the Domestic Violence Prevention Program, for the Zero Suicide Initiative, for the housing subsidy authority for civilian employees, for aftercare pilot programs at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, to improve collections from public and private insurance at Indian Health Service and tribally operated facilities, and for accreditation emergencies 
shall be allocated at the discretion of the Director of the Indian Health Service and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants for which the performance period falls within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, and from tribes and tribal organizations operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $125,666,000 is for the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund and may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account: Provided further, That the accreditation emergency funds may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2019, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, improvement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the Indian SelfDetermination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $882,748,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Administration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demolition Fund, to remain available until expended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal buildings. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for seniorlevel positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equipment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, nonIndian patients may be extended health care at all tribally administered or Indian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651–2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86–121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 5321 et seq. (title I), 5381 et seq. (title V)), may be deobligated and reobligated to a selfdetermination contract under title I, or a selfgovernance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the Indian SelfDetermination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead costs associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the Indian Health Service may provide to civilian medical personnel serving in hospitals operated by the Indian Health Service housing allowances equivalent to those that would be provided to members of the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service serving in similar positions at such hospitals: Provided further, That the appropriation structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
SCIENCES  For necessary expenses for the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, $80,000,000. AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  REGISTRY  
HEALTH  For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $62,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Administrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accredited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assessment or health study, evaluation, or activity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2019, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,994,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of 
the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in carrying out activities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $12,000,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to positions within the Board. OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  RELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531, $4,750,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopipartitioned lands residents, those in significantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to section 11 of Public Law 93–531 (88 Stat. 1716). INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  NATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by part A of title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 4411 et seq.), $9,960,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020. SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of public exhibits and performances; collection, preparation, dissemination, and exchange of information and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $737,944,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $6,908,000 for the instrumentation program, collections acquisition, exhibition reinstallation, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided, That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revitalization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $317,500,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative expenses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventysixth Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publications or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allowances therefor, for other employees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901–5902); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and purchase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with individuals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $141,790,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $3,640,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restoration and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or renewals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as authorized, $26,564,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. JOHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING  ARTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $24,490,000. CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $16,025,000, to remain available until expended. WOODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  SCHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $12,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  HUMANITIES  NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $155,000,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $155,000,000 to remain available until expended, of which $143,700,000 shall be available for support of activities in the humanities, pursuant to section 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $11,300,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $9,100,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appropriations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been appropriated. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  None of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. COMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,771,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further 
appropriation: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study, or education: Provided further, That onetenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,750,000. ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,440,000. NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $8,099,000: Provided, That onequarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. UNITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $58,000,000, of which $1,715,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $4,000,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initiatives program shall remain available until expended. DWIGHT D . EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission, $1,800,000, to remain available until expended. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission, as authorized by the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commission Act (section 431(a)(3) of division G of Public Law 115–31), $500,000, to remain available until expended. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  Notwithstanding section 9 of the World War I Centennial Commission Act, as authorized by the World War I Centennial Commission Act (Public Law 112–272) and the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), for necessary expenses of the World War I Centennial Commission, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That in addition to the authority provided by section 6(g) of such Act, the World War I Commission may accept money, inkind personnel services, contractual support, or any appropriate support from any executive branch agency for activities of the Commission. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. 401. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  SEC. 402. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. 
DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  SEC. 403. The amount and basis of estimated overhead charges, deductions, reserves or holdbacks, including working capital fund and cost pool charges, from programs, projects, activities and subactivities to support government wide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central operations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Committees on Appropriations for approval. 
MINING APPLICATIONS  SEC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS.—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) EXCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior determines that, for the claim concerned (1) a patent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all requirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the applicant by that date. (c) REPORT .—On September 30, 2020, the Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to section 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). (d) MINERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Interior shall allow the applicant to fund a qualified third party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Management to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in subsection (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the thirdparty contractor in accordance with the standard procedures employed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of thirdparty contractors. 
LIMITATION  SEC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2019. 
LIMITATION  SEC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fiscal year 2019 under the headings ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Support Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of selfdetermination or selfgovernance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fiscal year 2019 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Indian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  SEC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of subparagraph 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely because more than 15 years have passed without revision of the plan for a unit of the National Forest System. Nothing in this section exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. 
PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  SEC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation establishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  SEC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  SEC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
PROHIBITION ON NO BID CONTRACTS  SEC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to executive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian tribes; or (2) such contract is authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance 
Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
POSTING OF REPORTS  SEC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
GUIDELINES  SEC. 413. Of the funds provided to the National Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, National Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish procedures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal support to a group, unless the application is specific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. 
PRIORITIES  SEC. 414. (a) In providing services or awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that serve underserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high incidence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget, and revised annually in accordance with section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) applicable to a family of the size involved. (c) In providing services and awarding financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that will encourage public knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; (2) the Chairperson shall not make grants exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of paragraph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Congress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support communitybased music performance and education. STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  SEC. 415. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  SEC. 416. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation requiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with livestock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  SEC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to implement any provision in a rule, if that provision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from manure management systems. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  SEC. 418. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITIES  SEC. 419. Section 412 of Division E of Public Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. 
CHESAPEAKE BAY INITIATIVE  SEC. 420. Section 502(c) of the Chesapeake Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  SEC. 421. The terms and conditions of section 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the Forest Service on any lands not subject to administration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2019. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  SEC. 422. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
ENHANCEMENT ACT  SEC. 423. Section 503(f) of the Forest Service Facility Realignment and Enhancement Act of 2005 (16 U.S.C. 580d note; Public Law 109–54) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  SEC. 424. (a)(1) None of the funds made available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be inconsistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products produced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agency. (d) This section shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provisions described in subsection (a)(1) for management and oversight of the requirements of this section. MIDWAY ISLAND  SEC. 425. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to destroy any buildings or structures on Midway Island that have been recommended by the United States Navy for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places (54 U.S.C. 302101). 
JOHN F . KENNEDY CENTER REAUTHORIZATION  SEC. 426. Section 13 of the John F. Kennedy Center Act (20 U.S.C. 76r) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) MAINTENANCE , REPAIR , ANDSECURITY .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out section 4(a)(1)(H), $24,490,000 for fiscal year 2019. ‘‘(b) CAPITAL PROJECTS .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Board to carry out subparagraphs (F) and (G) of section 4(a)(1), $16,025,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
TRANSFERS OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT AND SUP PLIES FOR WILDFIRES  SEC. 427. The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to enter into grants and cooperative agreements with volunteer fire departments, rural fire departments, rangeland fire protection associations, and similar organizations to provide for wildland fire training and equipment, including supplies and communication devices. Notwithstanding 121(c) of title 40, United States Code, or section 521 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary is further authorized to transfer title to excess Department of the Interior firefighting equipment no longer needed to 
carry out the functions of the Department’s wildland fire management program to such organizations. 
RECREATION FEE  SEC. 428. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. 
POLICIES RELATING TO BIOMASS ENERGY  SEC. 429. For fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter, to support the key role that forests in the United States can play in addressing the energy needs of the United States, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, consistent with their missions, jointly— (1) ensure that Federal policy relating to forest bioenergy— (A) is consistent across all Federal departments and agencies; and (B) recognizes the full benefits of the use of forest biomass for energy, conservation, and responsible forest management; and (2) establish clear and simple policies for the use of forest biomass as an energy solution, including policies that— (A) reflect the carbonneutrality of forest bioenergy and recognize biomass as a renewable energy source, provided the use of forest biomass for energy production does not cause conversion of forests to nonforest use. (B) encourage private investment throughout the forest biomass supply chain, including in— (i) working forests; (ii) harvesting operations; (iii) forest improvement operations; (iv) forest bioenergy production; (v) wood products manufacturing; or (vi) paper manufacturing; (C) encourage forest management to improve forest health; and (D) recognize State initiatives to produce and use forest biomass. 
CLARIFICATION OF EXEMPTIONS  SEC. 430. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES  SEC. 431. The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: ‘Definition of Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37053 (June 29, 2015)) is repealed, and, until such time as the Administrator and the Secretary issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defining the scope of waters protected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and such new final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule repealed by this section shall be applied as if that repealed rule had not been issued. 
AGRICULTURAL NUTRIENTS  SEC. 432. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue any regulation under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) that applies to an animal feeding operation, including a concentrated animal feeding operation and a large concentrated animal feeding operation, as such terms are defined in section 122.23 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. 
ON FEDERAL LAND  SEC. 433. (a) L IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.— None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to prohibit the use of or access to Federal land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6502)) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— (1) was not prohibited on such Federal land as of January 1, 2013; and (2) was conducted in compliance with the resource management plan (as defined in section 101 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6511)) applicable to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. (b) TEMPORARY CLOSURES ALLOWED .—Not withstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may temporarily close, for a period not to exceed 30 days, Federal land managed by the Secretary to hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if the Secretary determines that the temporary closure is necessary to accommodate a special event or for public safety reasons. The Secretary may extend a temporary closure for one additional 90 day period only if the Secretary determines the extension is necessary because of extraordinary weather conditions or for public safety reasons. (c) AUTHORITY OF STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the several States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regulations. 
AVAILABILITY OF VACANT GRAZING ALLOTMENTS  SEC. 434. The Secretary of the Interior, with respect to public lands administered by the Bureau of Land Management, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the National Forest System lands, shall make vacant grazing allotments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by either Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease or other grazing lands used by the holder of the permit or lease are unusable because of drought or wildfire, as determined by the Secretary concerned. The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease made available pursuant to this section shall be the same as the terms and conditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applicable to the vacant grazing allotment made available. Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to any Federal agency action under this section. 
INFRASTRUCTURE  SEC. 435. (a) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Hazardous Substance Superfund’’, $40,000,000, which shall be for the Superfund Remedial program, to remain available until expended, consisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2018, as authorized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $40,000,000 as a payment from general revenues to the Hazardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—State and Tribal Assistance Grants,’’ $300,000,000 to remain available until expended, of which— (1) $150,000,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; and (2) $150,000,000 shall be for making capitalization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act. (c) For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Program Account’’, $25,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the cost of direct loans, for the cost of guaranteed loans, and for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, of which $3,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, may be used for such administrative expenses: Provided, That these additional funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $2,683,000,000. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY  SEC. 436. (a) For fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Agriculture may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such title, a qualified candidate described in subsection (b) directly to a position with the United States Department of Agriculture, Forest Service for which the candidate meets Office of Personnel Management qualification standards. (b) Subsection (a) applies to a former resource assistant (as defined in section 203 of the Public Land Corps Act (16 U.S.C. 1722)) who completed a rigorous undergraduate or graduate summer internship with a land managing agency, such as the Forest Service Resource Assistant Program; successfully fulfilled the requirements of the internship program; and subsequently earned an undergraduate or graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education. (c) The direct hire authority under this section may not be exercised with respect to a specific qualified candidate after the end of the twoyear period beginning on the date on which the candidate completed the undergraduate or graduate degree, as the case may be. 
CALIFORNIA WATER INFRASTRUCTURE  SEC. 437. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Final Environmental Impact Report/ Final Environmental Impact Statement for the Bay Delta Conservation Plan/California Water Fix (81 Fed. Reg. 96485 (Dec. 30, 2016)) and any resulting agency decision, record of decision, or similar determination shall hereafter not be subject to judicial review under any Federal or State law. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSPLAN TATION OR INTRODUCTION OF GRIZZLY BEARS  
INTO NORTH CASCADES ECOSYSTEM  SEC. 438. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the transplantation or introduction of grizzly bears into the North Cascades Ecosystem. 
MANAGEMENT OF WILD HORSES OR BURROS  SEC. 439. Notwithstanding the first section and section 2(d) of Public Law 92–195 (16 U.S.C. 1331 and 1332(d)), the Secretary of the Interior may hereafter manage any group of wild horses or burros as a nonreproducing or singlesex herd, in whole or in part, including through chemical or surgical sterilization. 
STRATEGY  SEC. 440. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve, or require the development or implementation of, a Marbled Murrelet Long Term Conservation Strategy for the 1997 Washington State Trust Lands Habitat Conservation Plan that sets aside forested acres in excess of those identified as occupied habitat, existing old growth stands, stands that will become old growth within 70 years, and associated buffers. 
WATER PROJECTS  SEC. 441. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Calfed BayDelta Authorization Act (title I of Public Law 108–361; 118 Stat. 1681), the water project described in chapter 5 of part 3 of division 6 of the California Water Code (sections 11550 et seq.) as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act and operated by the California Department of Water Resources, and all projects authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 26, 1937 (chapter 832; 50 Stat. 850) and all Acts amendatory or supplemental thereto, shall hereafter not be subject to judicial review. 
PLAIN  SEC. 442. Section 20001(b) of Public Law 115– 97 is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘50’’ and inserting ‘‘47’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon ‘‘and 3 percent shall be deposited into the Fund established in section 6 of Public Law 92–203 to be divided and distributed in the same manner as ‘revenues’ pursuant to section 7 of such Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) USE OF DISTRIBUTIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts received as a distribution under paragraph (5)(A) shall be used for the purpose of providing for the social and economic needs of Natives (as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)).’’. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  SEC. 443. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  SEC. 444. Any reference to a ‘‘report accompanying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–765. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  SEC. 445. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Departmental Offices including operation and maintenance of the Treasury Building and Freedman’s Bank Building; hire of passenger motor vehicles; maintenance, repairs, and improvements of, and purchase of commercial insurance policies for, real properties leased or owned overseas, when necessary for the performance of official business; executive direction program activities; international affairs and economic policy activities; domestic finance and tax policy activities, including technical assistance to Puerto Rico; and Treasurywide management policies and programs activities, $208,751,000: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not to exceed $700,000 is for official reception and representation expenses, of which necessary amounts shall be available for expenses to support activities of the Financial Action Task Force, and not to exceed $350,000 shall be available for other official reception and representation expenses; (2) not to exceed $258,000 is for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s certificate; and (3) not to exceed $24,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for— (A) the Treasurywide Financial Statement Audit and Internal Control Program; (B) information technology modernization requirements; (C) the audit, oversight, and administration of the Gulf Coast Restoration Trust Fund; (D) the development and implementation of programs within the Office of Critical Infrastructure Protection and Compliance Policy, including entering into cooperative agreements; (E) operations and maintenance of facilities; and (F) international operations. OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the necessary expenses of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence to safeguard the financial system against illicit use and to combat rogue nations, terrorist facilitators, weapons of mass destruction proliferators, money launderers, drug kingpins, and other national security threats, $161,000,000: Provided, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, up to $10,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACCOUNT  For salaries and expenses for enhanced cybersecurity for systems operated by the Department of the Treasury, $25,208,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury offices and bureaus for cybersecurity: Provided further, That the Chief Information Officer of the individual offices and bureaus shall submit a spend plan for each investment to the Treasury Chief Information Officer for approval: Provided further, That the submitted spend plan shall be reviewed and approved by the Treasury Chief Information Officer prior to the obligation of funds under this heading: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading $1,000,000 shall be available for administrative expenses for the Treasury Chief Information Officer to provide oversight of the investments made under this heading: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement and not supplant any other amounts made available to the Treasury Chief Information Officer. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For development and acquisition of automatic data processing equipment, software, and services and for repairs and renovations to buildings owned by the Department of the Treasury, $8,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That these funds shall be transferred to accounts and in amounts as necessary to satisfy the requirements of the Department’s offices, bureaus, and other organizations: Provided further, That this transfer authority shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be used to support or supplement ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Operations Support’’ or ‘‘Internal Revenue Service, Business Systems Modernization’’. 
FUND FOR AMERICA ’S KIDS AND GRANDKIDS  There is established in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘‘Fund for America’s Kids and Grandkids’’ (the ‘‘Fund’’): Provided, That in addition to amounts otherwise made available by this Act, there is appropriated to the Fund $585,000,000 for the sole purpose of government efficiencies: Provided further, That amounts in the Fund may not be obligated until after the date that the Secretary of the Treasury certifies in the annual Financial Report of the United States Government that the Federal budget deficit equals $0 or that there is a budget surplus: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from the Fund. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $37,044,000, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General of the Treasury; of which up to $2,800,000 to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for audits and investigations conducted pursuant to section 1608 of the Resources and Ecosystems Sustainability, Tourist Opportunities, and Revived Economies of the Gulf Coast States Act of 2012 (33 U.S.C. 1321 note); and of which not to exceed $1,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, including purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Inspector General for Tax Administration; $170,834,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall be available for official travel expenses; of which not to exceed $500,000 shall be available for unforeseen emergencies of a confidential nature, to be allocated and expended under the direction of the Inspector General for Tax Administration; and of which not to exceed $1,500 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Special Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–343), $28,800,000. FINANCIAL CRIMES ENFORCEMENT NETWORK  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and training expenses of nonFederal and foreign government personnel to attend meetings and training concerned with domestic and foreign financial intelligence activities, law enforcement, and financial regulation; services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; not to exceed $12,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for assistance to Federal law enforcement agencies, with or without reimbursement, $117,800,000, of which not to exceed $34,335,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. BUREAU OF THE FISCAL SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of operations of the Bureau of the Fiscal Service, $338,280,000; of which not to exceed $4,210,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, is for information systems modernization initiatives; and of which $5,000 shall be available for official reception and representation expenses. In addition, $165,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to reimburse administrative and personnel expenses for financial management of the Fund, as authorized by section 1012 of Public Law 101–380. ALCOHOL AND TOBACCO TAX AND TRADE BUREAU  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of carrying out section 1111 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, 
$123,527,000; of which not to exceed $6,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and of which not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for cooperative research and development programs for laboratory services; and provision of laboratory assistance to State and local agencies with or without reimbursement: Provided, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the costs of accelerating the processing of formula and label applications: Provided further, That of the amount appropriated under this heading, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for the costs associated with enforcement of the trade practice provisions of the Federal Alcohol Administration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). UNITED STATES MINT 
UNITED STATES MINT PUBLIC ENTERPRISE FUND  Pursuant to section 5136 of title 31, United States Code, the United States Mint is provided funding through the United States Mint Public Enterprise Fund for costs associated with the production of circulating coins, numismatic coins, and protective services, including both operating expenses and capital investments: Provided, That the aggregate amount of new liabilities and obligations incurred during fiscal year 2019 under such section 5136 for circulating coinage and protective service capital investments of the United States Mint shall not exceed $30,000,000. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT FINANCIAL  INSTITUTIONS FUNDPROGRAM ACCOUNT  To carry out the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvements Act of 1994 (subtitle A of title I of Public Law 103–325), including services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the rate for EX–3, $216,000,000. Of the amount appropriated under this heading— (1) not less than $121,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)) with regard to Small and/or Emerging Community Development Financial Institutions Assistance awards, is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 108(a)(1), respectively, of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(a)(1)(A) and (B)), of which up to $2,527,250 may be used for the cost of direct loans, and of which up to $3,000,000, notwithstanding subsection (d) of section 108 of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707 (d)), may be available to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach to community development financial institutions to expand investments that benefit individuals with disabilities: Provided, That the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $25,000,000; Provided further, That with regard to financial assistance awards made pursuant to this paragraph, excluding those made to community development financial institutions to expand investments that benefit individuals with disabilities, priority shall be placed on providing assistance to community development financial institutions that have provided no less than 15 percent of their total financial products to recipients in persistent poverty counties, as measured by a three year average of their activity; (2) not less than $13,000,000, notwithstanding section 108(e) of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(e)), is available until September 30, 2019, for financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach programs designed to benefit Native American, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native communities and provided primarily through qualified community development lender organizations with experience and expertise in community development banking and lending in Indian country, Native American organizations, tribes and tribal organizations, and other suitable providers; (3) not less than $19,000,000 is available until September 30, 2020, for the Bank Enterprise Award program; (4) not less than $15,000,000, notwithstanding subsections (d) and (e) of section 108 of Public Law 103–325 (12 U.S.C. 4707(d) and (e)), is available until September 30, 2019, for a Healthy Food Financing Initiative to provide financial assistance, technical assistance, training, and outreach to community development financial institutions for the purpose of offering affordable financing and technical assistance to expand the availability of healthy food options in distressed communities; (5) up to $23,000,000 is available until September 30, 2019, for administrative expenses, including administration of CDFI fund programs and the New Markets Tax Credit Program, of which not less than $1,000,000 is for development of tools to better assess and inform CDFI investment performance, and up to $300,000 is for administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program; and (6) during fiscal year 2019, none of the funds available under this heading are available for the cost, as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under section 114A of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4713a): Provided, That commitments to guarantee bonds and notes under such section 114A shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That such section 114A shall remain in effect until December 31, 2019: Provided further, That of the funds awarded under this heading, not less than 10 percent shall be used for awards that support investments that serve populations living in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for the purposes of this paragraph and paragraph (1) above, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the 2011–2015 5year data series available from the American Community Survey of the Census Bureau. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE  
TAXPAYER SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to provide taxpayer services, including prefiling assistance and education, filing and account services, taxpayer advocacy services, and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $2,491,554,000, of which not less than $8,890,000 shall be for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly Program, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for lowincome taxpayer clinic grants, and of which not less than $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available for a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grants program for tax return preparation assistance; of which not less than $207,000,000 shall be available for operating expenses of the Taxpayer Advocate Service: Provided, That of the amounts made available for the Taxpayer Advocate Service, not less than $5,000,000 shall be for identity theft and refund fraud casework. 
ENFORCEMENT  For necessary expenses for tax enforcement activities of the Internal Revenue Service to determine and collect owed taxes, to provide legal and litigation support, to conduct criminal investigations, to enforce criminal statutes related to violations of internal revenue laws and other financial crimes, to purchase and hire passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)), and to provide other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner, $4,860,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which not less than $60,257,000 shall be for the Interagency Crime and Drug Enforcement program. OPERATIONS SUPPORT  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to support taxpayer services and enforcement programs, including rent payments; facilities services; printing; postage; physical security; headquarters and other IRSwide administration activities; research and statistics of income; telecommunications; information technology development, enhancement, operations, maintenance, and security; the hire of passenger motor vehicles (31 U.S.C. 1343(b)); the operations of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board; and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, at such rates as may be determined by the Commissioner; $3,988,000,000, of which not to exceed $50,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall remain available until expended for acquisition of equipment and construction, repair and renovation of facilities; of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for research; of which not to exceed $20,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for its major information technology investments, including the purpose and lifecycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter: Provided further, That the Internal Revenue Service shall include, in its budget justification for fiscal year 2020, a summary of cost and schedule performance information for its major information technology systems. 
BUSINESS SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service’s business systems modernization program, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including related Internal Revenue Service labor costs, and contractual costs associated with operations authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided, That not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter, the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the Comptroller General of the United States detailing the cost and schedule performance for major information technology investments, including the purposes and lifecycle stages of the investments; the reasons for any cost and schedule variances; the risks of such investments and the strategies the Internal Revenue Service is using to mitigate such risks; and the expected developmental milestones to be achieved and costs to be incurred in the next quarter. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 101. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to any other Internal Revenue Service appropriation upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations. SEC. 102. The Internal Revenue Service shall maintain an employee training program, which 
shall include the following topics: taxpayers’ rights, dealing courteously with taxpayers, crosscultural relations, ethics, and the impartial application of tax law. SEC. 103. The Internal Revenue Service shall institute and enforce policies and procedures that will safeguard the confidentiality of taxpayer information and protect taxpayers against identity theft. SEC. 104. Funds made available by this or any other Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be available for improved facilities and increased staffing to provide sufficient and effective 1–800 help line service for taxpayers. The Commissioner shall continue to make improvements to the Internal Revenue Service 1–800 help line service a priority and allocate resources necessary to enhance the response time to taxpayer communications, particularly with regard to victims of taxrelated crimes. SEC. 105. The Internal Revenue Service shall issue a notice of confirmation of any address change relating to an employer making employment tax payments, and such notice shall be sent to both the employer’s former and new address and an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service shall give special consideration to an offerincompromise from a taxpayer who has been the victim of fraud by a third party payroll tax preparer. SEC. 106. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target citizens of the United States for exercising any right guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. SEC. 107. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to target groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs. SEC. 108. None of funds made available by this Act to the Internal Revenue Service shall be obligated or expended on conferences that do not adhere to the procedures, verification processes, documentation requirements, and policies issued by the Chief Financial Officer, Human Capital Office, and AgencyWide Shared Services as a result of the recommendations in the report published on May 31, 2013, by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration entitled ‘‘Review of the August 2010 Small Business/Self Employed Division’s Conference in Anaheim, California’’ (Reference Number 2013–10–037). SEC. 109. None of the funds made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be obligated or expended— (1) to make a payment to any employee under a bonus, award, or recognition program; or (2) under any hiring or personnel selection process with respect to rehiring a former employee, unless such program or process takes into account the conduct and Federal tax compliance of such employee or former employee. SEC. 110. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to confidentiality and disclosure of returns and return information). SEC. 111. Except to the extent provided in section 6014, 6020, or 6201(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, no funds in this or any other Act shall be available to the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to any person a proposed final return or statement for use by such person to satisfy a filing or reporting requirement under such Code. SEC. 112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to deny tax exemption under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to a church, an integrated auxiliary of a church, or a convention or association of churches for participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for public office unless— (1) the Commissioner of Internal Revenue determines that the exemption should be denied; (2) not later than 30 days after such determination, the Commissioner notifies the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate of such determination; and (3) such denial is effective not earlier than 90 days after the date of the notification under paragraph (2). SEC. 113. In addition to the amounts otherwise made available in this Act for the Internal Revenue Service, $77,000,000, to be available until September 30, 2020, shall be transferred by the Commissioner to the ‘‘Taxpayer Services’’, ‘‘Enforcement’’, or ‘‘Operations Support’’ accounts of the Internal Revenue Service for an additional amount to be used solely for carrying out Public Law 115–97: Provided, That such funds shall not be available until the Commissioner submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spending plan for such funds. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 114. Appropriations to the Department of the Treasury in this Act shall be available for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning; purchase of insurance for official motor vehicles operated in foreign countries; purchase of motor vehicles without regard to the general purchase price limitations for vehicles purchased and used overseas for the current fiscal year; entering into contracts with the Department of State for the furnishing of health and medical services to employees and their dependents serving in foreign countries; and services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. SEC. 115. Not to exceed 2 percent of any appropriations in this title made available under the headings ‘‘Departmental Offices—Salaries and Expenses’’, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, ‘‘Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program’’, ‘‘Financial Crimes Enforcement Network’’, ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal Service’’, and ‘‘Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau’’ may be transferred between such appropriations upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer under this section may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. SEC. 116. Not to exceed 2 percent of any appropriation made available in this Act to the Internal Revenue Service may be transferred to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration’s appropriation upon the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That no transfer may increase or decrease any such appropriation by more than 2 percent. SEC. 117. None of the funds appropriated in this Act or otherwise available to the Department of the Treasury or the Bureau of Engraving and Printing may be used to redesign the $1 Federal Reserve note. SEC. 118. The Secretary of the Treasury may transfer funds from the ‘‘Bureau of the Fiscal ServiceSalaries and Expenses’’ to the Debt Collection Fund as necessary to cover the costs of debt collection: Provided, That such amounts shall be reimbursed to such salaries and expenses account from debt collections received in the Debt Collection Fund. SEC. 119. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the United States Mint to construct or operate any museum without the explicit approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the House Committee on Financial Services, and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. SEC. 120. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act or source to the Department of the Treasury, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and the United States Mint, individually or collectively, may be used to consolidate any or all functions of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint without the explicit approval of the House Committee on Financial Services; the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 121. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for the Department of the Treasury’s intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. SEC. 122. Not to exceed $5,000 shall be made available from the Bureau of Engraving and Printing’s Industrial Revolving Fund for necessary official reception and representation expenses. SEC. 123. The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit a Capital Investment Plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 30 days following the submission of the annual budget submitted by the President: Provided, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include capital investment spending from all accounts within the Department of the Treasury, including but not limited to the Departmentwide Systems and Capital Investment Programs account, Treasury Franchise Fund account, and the Treasury Forfeiture Fund account: Provided further, That such Capital Investment Plan shall include expenditures occurring in previous fiscal years for each capital investment project that has not been fully completed. SEC. 124. Within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit an itemized report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the amount of total funds charged to each office by the Franchise Fund including the amount charged for each service provided by the Franchise Fund to each office, a detailed description of the services, a detailed explanation of how each charge for each service is calculated, and a description of the role customers have in governing in the Franchise Fund. SEC. 125. During fiscal year 2019 — (1) none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by the Department of the Treasury, including the Internal Revenue Service, to issue, revise, or finalize any regulation, revenue ruling, or other guidance not limited to a particular taxpayer relating to the standard which is used to determine whether an organization is operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare for purposes of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (including the proposed regulations published at 78 Fed. Reg. 71535 (November 29, 2013)); and (2) the standard and definitions as in effect on January 1, 2010, which are used to make such determinations shall apply after the date of the enactment of this Act for purposes of determining status under section 501(c)(4) of such Code of organizations created on, before, or after such date. SEC. 126. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Financial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall submit reports on their activities to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the previous quarter by object class, office, and activity; 
(2) the estimated obligations for the remainder of the fiscal year by object class, office, and activity; (3) the number of fulltime equivalents within each office during the previous quarter; (4) the estimated number of fulltime equivalents within each office for the remainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, objectives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Financial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports required under subsection (a). SEC. 127. Amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence’’ shall be available to reimburse the ‘‘Departmental Offices—Salaries and Expenses’’ account for expenses incurred in such account for reception and representation expenses to support activities of the Financial Action Task Force. SEC. 128. (a) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to approve, license, facilitate, authorize, or otherwise allow the use, purchase, trafficking, or import of property confiscated by the Cuban Government. (b) In this section, the terms ‘‘confiscated’’, ‘‘Cuban Government’’, ‘‘property’’, and ‘‘traffic’’ have the meanings given such terms in paragraphs (4), (5), (12)(A), and (13), respectively, of section 4 of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023). SEC. 129. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to authorize a general license or approve a specific license under section 501.801 or 515.527 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that is the same as or substantially similar to a mark, trade name, or commercial name that was used in connection with a business or assets that were confiscated unless the original owner of the mark, trade name, or commercial name, or the bonafide successorininterest has expressly consented. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘confiscated’’ has a meaning given such term in section 4(4) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6023(4)). SEC. 130. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to provide for the enforcement of any rule, regulation, policy, or guideline implemented pursuant to the Department of the Treasury ‘‘Guidance for United States Positions on MDBs Engaging with Developing Countries on CoalFired Power Generation’’ dated October 29, 2013, when enforcement of such rule, regulation, policy, or guideline would prohibit or have the effect of prohibiting, the carrying out of any coalfired or other power generation project the purpose of which is to increase exports of goods and services from the United States or prevent the loss of jobs from the United States. SEC. 131. (a) Not later than 60 days after the end of each quarter, the Office of Financial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall submit reports on their activities to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (b) The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the obligations made during the previous quarter by object class, office, and activity; (2) the estimated obligations for the remainder of the fiscal year by object class, office, and activity; (3) the number of fulltime equivalents within each office during the previous quarter; (4) the estimated number of fulltime equivalents within each office for the remainder of the fiscal year; and (5) actions taken to achieve the goals, objectives, and performance measures of each office. (c) At the request of any such Committees specified in subsection (a), the Office of Financial Stability and the Office of Financial Research shall make officials available to testify on the contents of the reports required under subsection (a). SEC. 132. During fiscal year 2019, the Office of Financial Research shall provide for a public notice period of not less than 90 days before issuing any proposed report, rule, or regulation. SEC. 133. (a) Section 155 of Public Law 111–203 is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘immediately’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘as provided for in appropriation Acts’’ after ‘‘to the Office’’; (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (2) In subsection (d), by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘ASSESSMENT SCHEDULE.—’’. (b) The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2019.I20 This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Treasury Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE II EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT THEWHITE HOUSE 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the White House as authorized by law, including not to exceed $3,850,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 105; subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 105, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; hire of passenger motor vehicles, and travel (not to exceed $100,000 to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 103); and not to exceed $19,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be available for allocation within the Executive Office of the President; and for necessary expenses of the Office of Policy Development, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, $55,000,000. EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE AT THE WHITE HOUSE 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, $13,081,000, to be expended and accounted for as provided by 3 U.S.C. 105, 109, 110, and 112–114. 
REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES  For the reimbursable expenses of the Executive Residence at the White House, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That all reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, such amount for reimbursable operating expenses shall be the exclusive authority of the Executive Residence to incur obligations and to receive offsetting collections, for such expenses: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require each person sponsoring a reimbursable political event to pay in advance an amount equal to the estimated cost of the event, and all such advance payments shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall require the national committee of the political party of the President to maintain on deposit $25,000, to be separately accounted for and available for expenses relating to reimbursable political events sponsored by such committee during such fiscal year: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall ensure that a written notice of any amount owed for a reimbursable operating expense under this paragraph is submitted to the person owing such amount within 60 days after such expense is incurred, and that such amount is collected within 30 days after the submission of such notice: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall charge interest and assess penalties and other charges on any such amount that is not reimbursed within such 30 days, in accordance with the interest and penalty provisions applicable to an outstanding debt on a United States Government claim under 31 U.S.C. 3717: Provided further, That each such amount that is reimbursed, and any accompanying interest and charges, shall be deposited in the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations, by not later than 90 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Act, a report setting forth the reimbursable operating expenses of the Executive Residence during the preceding fiscal year, including the total amount of such expenses, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable official and ceremonial events, the amount of such total that consists of reimbursable political events, and the portion of each such amount that has been reimbursed as of the date of the report: Provided further, That the Executive Residence shall maintain a system for the tracking of expenses related to reimbursable events within the Executive Residence that includes a standard for the classification of any such expense as political or nonpolitical: Provided further, That no provision of this paragraph may be construed to exempt the Executive Residence from any other applicable requirement of subchapter I or II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. WHITE HOUSE REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of the Executive Residence at the White House pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 105(d), $750,000, to remain available until expended, for required maintenance, resolution of safety and health issues, and continued preventative maintenance. COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Council of Economic Advisers in carrying out its functions under the Employment Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.), $4,187,000. NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL AND HOMELAND  SECURITY COUNCIL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $13,000,000. OFFICE OF ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Administration, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 107, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $100,000,000, of which not to exceed $12,800,000 shall remain available until expended for continued modernization of information resources within the Executive Office of the President. OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of Management and Budget, including hire of passenger motor vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, to carry out the provisions of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and to prepare and submit the budget of the United States Government, in 
accordance with section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, $103,000,000, of which not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for official representation expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Office of Management and Budget may be used for the purpose of reviewing any agricultural marketing orders or any activities or regulations under the provisions of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 (7 U.S.C. 601 et seq.): Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the transcript of actual testimony of witnesses, except for testimony of officials of the Office of Management and Budget, before the Committees on Appropriations or their subcommittees: Provided further, That none of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act may be expended for the altering of the annual work plan developed by the Corps of Engineers for submission to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds made available for the Office of Management and Budget by this Act, no less than three fulltime equivalent senior staff position shall be dedicated solely to the Office of the Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this or prior Acts shall be used, directly or indirectly, by the Office of Management and Budget, for evaluating or determining if water resource project or study reports submitted by the Chief of Engineers acting through the Secretary of the Army are in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and requirements relevant to the Civil Works water resource planning process: Provided further, That the Office of Management and Budget shall have not more than 60 days in which to perform budgetary policy reviews of water resource matters on which the Chief of Engineers has reported: Provided further, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the appropriate authorizing and appropriating committees when the 60day review is initiated: Provided further, That if water resource reports have not been transmitted to the appropriate authorizing and appropriating committees within 15 days after the end of the Office of Management and Budget review period based on the notification from the Director, Congress shall assume Office of Management and Budget concurrence with the report and act accordingly. OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy; for research activities pursuant to the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469); not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for participation in joint projects or in the provision of services on matters of mutual interest with nonprofit, research, or public organizations or agencies, with or without reimbursement, $17,400,000: Provided, That the Office is authorized to accept, hold, administer, and utilize gifts, both real and personal, public and private, without fiscal year limitation, for the purpose of aiding or facilitating the work of the Office. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of National Drug Control Policy’s High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program, $280,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for drug control activities consistent with the approved strategy for each of the designated High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (‘‘HIDTAs’’), of which not less than 51 percent shall be transferred to State and local entities for drug control activities and shall be obligated not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act: Provided, That up to 49 percent may be transferred to Federal agencies and departments in amounts determined by the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, of which up to $2,700,000 may be used for auditing services and associated activities: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the requirements of Public Law 106–58, any unexpended funds obligated prior to fiscal year 2017 may be used for any other approved activities of that HIDTA, subject to reprogramming requirements: Provided further, That each HIDTA designated as of September 30, 2018, shall be funded at not less than the fiscal year 2018 base level, unless the Director submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate justification for changes to those levels based on clearly articulated priorities and published Office of National Drug Control Policy performance measures of effectiveness: Provided further, That the Director shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the initial allocation of fiscal year 2019 funding among HIDTAs not later than 45 days after enactment of this Act, and shall notify the Committees of planned uses of discretionary HIDTA funding, as determined in consultation with the HIDTA Directors, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds so transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein and upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation. OTHER FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For other drug control activities authorized by the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469), $118,327,000, to remain available until expended, which shall be available as follows: $100,000,000 for the DrugFree Communities Program, of which $2,000,000 shall be made available as directed by section 4 of Public Law 107–82, as amended by Public Law 109–469 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note); $2,000,000 for drug court training and technical assistance; $9,500,000 for antidoping activities; $2,577,000 for the United States membership dues to the World AntiDoping Agency; and $1,250,000 shall be made available as directed by section 1105 of Public Law 109–469; and $3,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for activities authorized by section 103 of Public Law 114–198: Provided, That amounts made available under this heading may be transferred to other Federal departments and agencies to carry out such activities. UNANTICIPATED NEEDS For expenses necessary to enable the President to meet unanticipated needs, in furtherance of the national interest, security, or defense which may arise at home or abroad during the current fiscal year, as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 108, $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY OVERSIGHT AND  REFORM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for the furtherance of integrated, efficient, secure, and effective uses of information technology in the Federal Government, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may transfer these funds to one or more other agencies to carry out projects to meet these purposes. SPECIAL ASSISTANCE TO THE PRESIDENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to enable the Vice President to provide assistance to the President in connection with specially assigned functions; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 and 3 U.S.C. 106, including subsistence expenses as authorized by 3 U.S.C. 106, which shall be expended and accounted for as provided in that section; and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,288,000. OFFICIAL RESIDENCE OF THE VICEPRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the care, operation, refurnishing, improvement, and to the extent not otherwise provided for, heating and lighting, including electric power and fixtures, of the official residence of the Vice President; the hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $90,000 pursuant to 3 U.S.C. 106(b)(2), $302,000: Provided, That advances, repayments, or transfers from this appropriation may be made to any department or agency for expenses of carrying out such activities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESIDENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 201. From funds made available in this Act under the headings ‘‘The White House’’, ‘‘Executive Residence at the White House’’, ‘‘White House Repair and Restoration’’, ‘‘Council of Economic Advisers’’, ‘‘National Security Council and Homeland Security Council’’, ‘‘Office of Administration’’, ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’, and ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (or such other officer as the President may designate in writing), may, with advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, transfer not to exceed 10 percent of any such appropriation to any other such appropriation, to be merged with and available for the same time and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided, That the amount of an appropriation shall not be increased by more than 50 percent by such transfers: Provided further, That no amount shall be transferred from ‘‘Special Assistance to the President’’ or ‘‘Official Residence of the Vice President’’ without the approval of the Vice President. SEC. 202. (a) During fiscal year 2019, any Executive order or Presidential memorandum issued or revoked by the President shall be accompanied by a written statement from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget on the budgetary impact, including costs, benefits, and revenues, of such order or memorandum. (b) Any such statement shall include— (1) a narrative summary of the budgetary impact of such order or memorandum on the Federal Government; (2) the impact on mandatory and discretionary obligations and outlays as the result of such order or memorandum, listed by Federal agency, for each year in the 5fiscal year period beginning in fiscal year 2019; and (3) the impact on revenues of the Federal Government as the result of such order or memorandum over the 5fiscalyear period beginning in fiscal year 2019. (c) If an Executive order or Presidential memorandum is issued during fiscal year 2019 due to a national emergency, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may issue the statement required by subsection (a) not later than 15 days after the date that such order or memorandum is issued. 
(d) The requirement for cost estimates for Presidential memoranda shall only apply for Presidential memoranda estimated to have a regulatory cost in excess of $100,000,000. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Executive Office of the President Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE III THE JUDICIARY SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the operation of the Supreme Court, as required by law, excluding care of the building and grounds, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343 and 1344; not to exceed $10,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and for miscellaneous expenses, to be expended as the Chief Justice may approve, $84,703,000, of which $1,500,000 shall remain available until expended. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief justice and associate justices of the court. 
CARE OF THE BUILDING AND GROUNDS  For such expenditures as may be necessary to enable the Architect of the Capitol to carry out the duties imposed upon the Architect by 40 U.S.C. 6111 and 6112, $15,999,000, to remain available until expended. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  FEDERAL CIRCUIT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees, and for necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $32,016,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL  TRADE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries of officers and employees of the court, services, and necessary expenses of the court, as authorized by law, $19,450,000. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of the chief judge and judges of the court. COURTS OF APPEALS , DISTRICT COURTS , AND OTHER JUDICIAL SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries of judges of the United States Court of Federal Claims, magistrate judges, and all other officers and employees of the Federal Judiciary not otherwise specifically provided for, necessary expenses of the courts, and the purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for Probation and Pretrial Services Office staff, as authorized by law, $5,167,961,000 (including the purchase of firearms and ammunition); of which not to exceed $27,817,000 shall remain available until expended for space alteration projects and for furniture and furnishings related to new space alteration and construction projects. In addition, there are appropriated such sums as may be necessary under current law for the salaries of circuit and district judges (including judges of the territorial courts of the United States), bankruptcy judges, and justices and judges retired from office or from regular active service. In addition, for expenses of the United States Court of Federal Claims associated with processing cases under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–660), not to exceed $8,475,000, to be appropriated from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund. DEFENDER SERVICES  For the operation of Federal Defender organizations; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent persons under 18 U.S.C. 3006A and 3599, and for the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of persons furnishing investigative, expert, and other services for such representations as authorized by law; the compensation (in accordance with the maximums under 18 U.S.C. 3006A) and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to assist the court in criminal cases where the defendant has waived representation by counsel; the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed to represent jurors in civil actions for the protection of their employment, as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1875(d)(1); the compensation and reimbursement of expenses of attorneys appointed under 18 U.S.C. 983(b)(1) in connection with certain judicial civil forfeiture proceedings; the compensation and reimbursement of travel expenses of guardians ad litem appointed under 18 U.S.C. 4100(b); and for necessary training and general administrative expenses, $1,142,427,000 to remain available until expended. 
FEES OF JURORS AND COMMISSIONERS  For fees and expenses of jurors as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1871 and 1876; compensation of jury commissioners as authorized by 28 U.S.C. 1863; and compensation of commissioners appointed in condemnation cases pursuant to rule 71.1(h) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (28 U.S.C. Appendix Rule 71.1(h)), $49,750,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the compensation of land commissioners shall not exceed the daily equivalent of the highest rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5332. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, incident to the provision of protective guard services for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, and the procurement, installation, and maintenance of security systems and equipment for United States courthouses and other facilities housing Federal court operations, including building ingressegress control, inspection of mail and packages, directed security patrols, perimeter security, basic security services provided by the Federal Protective Service, and other similar activities as authorized by section 1010 of the Judicial Improvement and Access to Justice Act (Public Law 100–702), $604,460,000, of which not to exceed $20,000,000 shall remain available until expended, to be expended directly or transferred to the United States Marshals Service, which shall be responsible for administering the Judicial Facility Security Program consistent with standards or guidelines agreed to by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Attorney General. ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES  COURTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts as authorized by law, including travel as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1345, hire of a passenger motor vehicle as authorized by 31 U.S.C. 1343(b), advertising and rent in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $92,413,000, of which not to exceed $8,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. FEDERAL JUDICIAL CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Judicial Center, as authorized by Public Law 90–219, $29,819,000; of which $1,800,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020, to provide education and training to Federal court personnel; and of which not to exceed $1,500 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. UNITED STATES SENTENCING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the salaries and expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 58 of title 28, United States Code, $18,548,000, of which not to exceed $1,000 is authorized for official reception and representation expenses. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —THEJUDICIARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 301. Appropriations and authorizations made in this title which are available for salaries and expenses shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. SEC. 302. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Judiciary in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation, except ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Defender Services’’ and ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services, Fees of Jurors and Commissioners’’, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sections 604 and 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in section 608. SEC. 303. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the salaries and expenses appropriation for ‘‘Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services’’ shall be available for official reception and representation expenses of the Judicial Conference of the United States: Provided, That such available funds shall not exceed $11,000 and shall be administered by the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts in the capacity as Secretary of the Judicial Conference. SEC. 304. Section 3315(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall be applied by substituting ‘‘Federal’’ for ‘‘executive’’ each place it appears. SEC. 305. In accordance with 28 U.S.C. 561– 569, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Marshals Service shall provide, for such courthouses as its Director may designate in consultation with the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, for purposes of a pilot program, the security services that 40 U.S.C. 1315 authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to provide, except for the services specified in 40 U.S.C. 1315(b)(2)(E). For buildingspecific security services at these courthouses, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall reimburse the United States Marshals Service rather than the Department of Homeland Security. SEC. 306. (a) Section 203(c) of the Judicial Improvements Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–650; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended in the second sentence (relating to the District of Kansas) following paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘27 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘28 years and 6 months’’. (b) Section 406 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2470; 28 U.S.C. 133 note) is amended in the second sentence (relating to the Eastern District of Missouri) by striking ‘‘25 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘26 years and 6 months’’. (c) Section 312(c)(2) of the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act (Public Law 107–273; 28 U.S.C. 133 note), is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence by inserting after ‘‘except in the case of’’ the following: ‘‘the northern district of Alabama,’’; (2) in the first sentence by inserting after ‘‘the central district of California’’ the following: ‘‘,’’; (3) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘16 years’’ and inserting ‘‘17 years’’; (4) by adding at the end of the first sentence the following: ‘‘The first vacancy in the office of district judge in the northern district of Alabama occurring 16 years or more after the confirmation date of the judge named to fill the temporary district judgeship created in that district by this subsection, shall not be filled.’’; (5) in the third sentence (relating to the central District of California), by striking ‘‘15 years and 6 months’’ and inserting ‘‘16 years and 6 months’’; and (6) in the fourth sentence (relating to the western district of North Carolina), by striking ‘‘14 years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 years’’. This title may be cited as the ‘‘Judiciary Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE IV DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FEDERAL FUNDS 
SUPPORT  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia, to be deposited into a dedicated account, for a nationwide program to be administered by the Mayor, for District of Columbia resident tuition support, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds, including any interest accrued thereon, may be used on behalf of eligible District of Columbia residents to pay an amount based upon the difference between inState and outofState tuition at public institutions of higher education, or to pay up to $2,500 each year at eligible private institutions of higher education: Provided further, That the awarding of such funds may be prioritized on the basis of a resident’s academic merit, the income and need of eligible students and such other factors as may be authorized: Provided further, That the District of Columbia government shall maintain a dedicated account for the Resident Tuition Support Program that shall consist of the Federal funds appropriated to the Program in this Act and any subsequent appropriations, any unobligated balances from prior fiscal years, and any interest earned in this or any fiscal year: Provided further, That the account shall be under the control of the District of Columbia Chief Financial Officer, who shall use those funds solely for the purposes of carrying out the Resident Tuition Support Program: Provided further, That the Office of the Chief Financial Officer shall provide a quarterly financial report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for these funds showing, by object class, the expenditures made and the purpose therefor. 
AND SECURITY COSTS IN THE DISTRICT OF CO LUMBIA  For a Federal payment of necessary expenses, as determined by the Mayor of the District of Columbia in written consultation with the elected county or city officials of surrounding jurisdictions, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the costs of providing public safety at events related to the presence of the National Capital in the District of Columbia, including support requested by the Director of the United States Secret Service in carrying out protective duties under the direction of the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for the costs of providing support to respond to immediate and specific terrorist threats or attacks in the District of Columbia or surrounding jurisdictions. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA COURTS  For salaries and expenses for the District of Columbia Courts, $288,280,000 to be allocated as follows: for the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, $14,670,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, $122,770,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; for the District of Columbia Court System, $77,016,000, of which not to exceed $2,500 is for official reception and representation expenses; and $73,824,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for capital improvements for District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided, That funds made available for capital improvements shall be expended consistent with the District of Columbia Courts master plan study and facilities condition assessment: Provided further, That, in addition to the amounts appropriated herein, fees received by the District of Columbia Courts for administering bar examinations and processing District of Columbia bar admissions may be retained and credited to this appropriation, to remain available until expended, for salaries and expenses associated with such activities, notwithstanding section 450 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.50): Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That 30 days after providing written notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the District of Columbia Courts may reallocate not more than $9,000,000 of the funds provided under this heading among the items and entities funded under this heading: Provided further, That the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia may, by regulation, establish a program substantially similar to the program set forth in subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 5, United States Code, for employees of the District of Columbia Courts. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payments authorized under section 11– 2604 and section 11–2605, D.C. Official Code (relating to representation provided under the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Act), payments for counsel appointed in proceedings in the Family Court of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia under chapter 23 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, or pursuant to contractual agreements to provide guardian ad litem representation, training, technical assistance, and such other services as are necessary to improve the quality of guardian ad litem representation, payments for counsel appointed in adoption proceedings under chapter 3 of title 16, D.C. Official Code, and payments authorized under section 21–2060, D.C. Official Code (relating to services provided under the District of Columbia Guardianship, Protective Proceedings, and Durable Power of Attorney Act of 1986), $49,890,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not more than $20,000,000 in unobligated funds provided in this account may be transferred to and merged with funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Payment to the District of Columbia Courts,’’ to be available for the same period and purposes as funds made available under that heading for capital improvements to District of Columbia courthouse facilities: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading shall be administered by the Joint Committee on Judicial Administration in the District of Columbia: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, this appropriation shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for expenses of other Federal agencies. FEDERAL PAYMENT TO THE COURT SERVICES AND  
OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE DIS TRICT OF COLUMBIA  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $256,724,000, of which not to exceed $2,000 is for official reception and representation expenses related to Community Supervision and Pretrial Services Agency programs, and of which not to exceed $25,000 is for dues and assessments relating to the implementation of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Interstate Supervision Act of 2002: Provided, That, of the funds appropriated under this heading, $183,166,000 shall be for necessary expenses of Community Supervision and Sex Offender Registration, to include expenses relating to the supervision of adults subject to protection orders or the provision of services for or related to such persons, of which $5,919,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for headquarters offices, field offices, and related facilities: Provided further, That, of the funds appropriated under this heading, $73,558,000 shall be available to the Pretrial Services Agency, of which $7,304,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for headquarters offices, field offices, and related facilities: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of other Federal agencies: Provided further, That amounts under this heading may be used for programmatic incentives for defendants to successfully complete their terms of supervision. 
COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE  For salaries and expenses, including the transfer and hire of motor vehicles, of the District of Columbia Public Defender Service, as authorized by the National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act of 1997, $45,858,000, of which $4,471,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021 for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for headquarters offices, field offices, and related facilities: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, all amounts under this heading shall be apportioned quarterly by the Office of Management and Budget and obligated and expended in the same manner as funds appropriated for salaries and expenses of Federal agencies. 
COORDINATING COUNCIL  For a Federal payment to the Criminal Justice Coordinating Council, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, to support 
initiatives related to the coordination of Federal and local criminal justice resources in the District of Columbia. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR JUDICIAL COMMISSIONS  For a Federal payment, to remain available until September 30, 2020, to the Commission on Judicial Disabilities and Tenure, $295,000, and for the Judicial Nomination Commission, $270,000. 
FEDERAL PAYMENT FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT  For a Federal payment for a school improvement program in the District of Columbia, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended, for payments authorized under the Scholarship for Opportunity and Results Act (division C of Public Law 112–10): Provided, That, to the extent that funds are available for opportunity scholarships and following the priorities included in section 3006 of such Act, the Secretary of Education shall make scholarships available to students eligible under section 3013(3) of such Act (Public Law 112–10; 125 Stat. 211) including students who were not offered a scholarship during any previous school year: Provided further, That within funds provided for opportunity scholarships up to $3,200,000 shall be for the activities specified in sections 3007(b) through 3007(d) and 3009 of such Act. 
COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD  For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia National Guard, $435,000, to remain available until expended for the Major General David F. Wherley, Jr. District of Columbia National Guard Retention and College Access Program. 
OF HIV /AIDS For a Federal payment to the District of Columbia for the testing of individuals for, and the treatment of individuals with, human immunodeficiency virus and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the District of Columbia, $5,000,000. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FUNDS Local funds are appropriated for the District of Columbia for the current fiscal year out of the General Fund of the District of Columbia (‘‘General Fund’’) for programs and activities set forth under the heading ‘‘
OF EXPENSES ’’ and at the rate set forth under such heading, as included in the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request Act of 2018 submitted to Congress by the District of Columbia, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, except as provided in section 450A of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (section 1–204.50a, D.C. Official Code), sections 816 and 817 of the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2009 (secs. 47– 369.01 and 47–369.02, D.C. Official Code), and provisions of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for operating expenses for the District of Columbia for fiscal year 2019 under this heading shall not exceed the estimates included in the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request Act of 2018 submitted to Congress by the District of Columbia, as amended as of the date of enactment of this Act or the sum of the total revenues of the District of Columbia for such fiscal year: Provided further, That the amount appropriated may be increased by proceeds of one time transactions, which are expended for emergency or unanticipated operating or capital needs: Provided further, That such increases shall be approved by enactment of local District law and shall comply with all reserve requirements contained in the District of Columbia Home Rule Act: Provided further, That the Chief Financial Officer of the District of Columbia shall take such steps as are necessary to assure that the District of Columbia meets these requirements, including the apportioning by the Chief Financial Officer of the appropriations and funds made available to the District during fiscal year 2019, except that the Chief Financial Officer may not reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. This title may be cited as the ‘‘District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES ADMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  STATES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Administrative Conference of the United States, authorized by 5 U.S.C. 591 et seq., $3,100,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, of which not to exceed $1,000 is for official reception and representation expenses. CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable under 5 U.S.C. 5376, purchase of nominal awards to recognize nonFederal officials’ contributions to Commission activities, and not to exceed $8,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $127,000,000. 
SAFETY COMMISSION  SEC. 501. During fiscal year 2019, none of the amounts made available by this Act may be used to finalize or implement the Safety Standard for Recreational OffHighway Vehicles published by the Consumer Product Safety Commission in the Federal Register on November 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 68964) until after— (1) the National Academy of Sciences, in consultation with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Department of Defense, completes a study to determine— (A) the technical validity of the lateral stability and vehicle handling requirements proposed by such standard for purposes of reducing the risk of Recreational OffHighway Vehicle (referred to in this section as ‘‘ROV’’) rollovers in the offroad environment, including the repeatability and reproducibility of testing for compliance with such requirements; (B) the number of ROV rollovers that would be prevented if the proposed requirements were adopted; (C) whether there is a technical basis for the proposal to provide information on a pointof sale hangtag about a ROV’s rollover resistance on a progressive scale; and (D) the effect on the utility of ROVs used by the United States military if the proposed requirements were adopted; and (2) a report containing the results of the study completed under paragraph (1) is delivered to— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ELECTION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–252), $10,100,000, of which $1,500,000 shall be transferred to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for election reform activities authorized under the Help America Vote Act of 2002. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Communications Commission, as authorized by law, including uniforms and allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; not to exceed $4,000 for official reception and representation expenses; purchase and hire of motor vehicles; special counsel fees; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $335,118,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That $335,118,000 of offsetting collections shall be assessed and collected pursuant to section 9 of title I of the Communications Act of 1934, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at $0: Provided further, That any offsetting collections received in excess of $335,118,000 in fiscal year 2019 shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That remaining offsetting collections from prior years collected in excess of the amount specified for collection in each such year and otherwise becoming available on October 1, 2018, shall not be available for obligation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 47 U.S.C. 309(j)(8)(B), proceeds from the use of a competitive bidding system that may be retained and made available for obligation shall not exceed $130,284,000 for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That, of the amount appropriated under this heading, not less than $11,064,000 shall be for the salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General. 
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  SEC. 510. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Communications Commission to modify, amend, or change its rules or regulations for universal service support payments to implement the February 27, 2004 recommendations of the Federal State Joint Board on Universal Service regarding single connection or primary line restrictions on universal service support payments. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $42,982,000, to be derived from the Deposit Insurance Fund or, only when appropriate, the FSLIC Resolution Fund. FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, $71,250,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 shall be available for reception and representation expenses. FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Federal Labor Relations Authority, pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and including hire of experts and consultants, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and including official reception and representation expenses (not to exceed $1,500) and rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, $26,200,000: 
Provided, That public members of the Federal Service Impasses Panel may be paid travel expenses and per diem in lieu of subsistence as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5703) for persons employed intermittently in the Government service, and compensation as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, funds received from fees charged to nonFederal participants at labormanagement relations conferences shall be credited to and merged with this account, to be available without further appropriation for the costs of carrying out these conferences. FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Federal Trade Commission, including uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $311,700,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That not to exceed $300,000 shall be available for use to contract with a person or persons for collection services in accordance with the terms of 31 U.S.C. 3718: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $136,000,000 of offsetting collections derived from fees collected for premerger notification filings under the Hart ScottRodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (15 U.S.C. 18a), regardless of the year of collection, shall be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $17,000,000 in offsetting collections derived from fees sufficient to implement and enforce the Telemarketing Sales Rule, promulgated under the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), shall be credited to this account, and be retained and used for necessary expenses in this appropriation: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as such offsetting collections are received during fiscal year 2019, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $158,700,000: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Federal Trade Commission may be used to implement subsection (e)(2)(B) of section 43 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831t). GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Amounts in the Fund, including revenues and collections deposited into the Fund, shall be available for necessary expenses of real property management and related activities not otherwise provided for, including operation, maintenance, and protection of federally owned and leased buildings; rental of buildings in the District of Columbia; restoration of leased premises; moving governmental agencies (including space adjustments and telecommunications relocation expenses) in connection with the assignment, allocation, and transfer of space; contractual services incident to cleaning or servicing buildings, and moving; repair and alteration of federally owned buildings, including grounds, approaches, and appurtenances; care and safeguarding of sites; maintenance, preservation, demolition, and equipment; acquisition of buildings and sites by purchase, condemnation, or as otherwise authorized by law; acquisition of options to purchase buildings and sites; conversion and extension of federally owned buildings; preliminary planning and design of projects by contract or otherwise; construction of new buildings (including equipment for such buildings); and payment of principal, interest, and any other obligations for public buildings acquired by installment purchase and purchase contract; in the aggregate amount of $8,634,574,000, of which— (1) $275,900,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and acquisition (including funds for sites and expenses, and associated design and construction services) as follows: (A) $275,900,000 shall be for the Calexico, California, Calexico West Land Port of Entry; Provided, That each of the foregoing limits of costs on new construction and acquisition projects may be exceeded to the extent that savings are effected in other such projects, but not to exceed 10 percent of the amounts included in a transmitted prospectus, if required, unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount; (2) $679,934,000 shall remain available until expended for repairs and alterations, including associated design and construction services, of which— (A) $286,344,000 is for Major Repairs and Alterations; (B) $312,090,000 is for Basic Repairs and Alterations; and (C) $81,500,000 is for Special Emphasis Programs, of which— (i) $30,000,000 is for Fire and Life Safety; (ii) $11,500,000 is for Judiciary Capital Security; and (iii) $40,000,000 is for Consolidation Activities: Provided, That consolidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency: Provided further, That no consolidation project exceed $10,000,000 in costs: Provided further, That consolidation projects are approved by each of the committees specified in section 3307(a) of title 40, United States Code: Provided further, That preference is given to consolidation projects that achieve a utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person for office space: Provided further, That the obligation of funds under this paragraph for consolidation activities may not be made until 10 days after a proposed spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken, including estimated savings, has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That funds made available in this or any previous Act in the Federal Buildings Fund for Repairs and Alterations shall, for prospectus projects, be limited to the amount identified for each project, except each project in this or any previous Act may be increased by an amount not to exceed 10 percent unless advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations of a greater amount: Provided further, That additional projects for which prospectuses have been fully approved may be funded under this category only if advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That the amounts provided in this or any prior Act for ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ may be used to fund costs associated with implementing security improvements to buildings necessary to meet the minimum standards for security in accordance with current law and in compliance with the reprogramming guidelines of the appropriate Committees of the House and Senate: Provided further, That the difference between the funds appropriated and expended on any projects in this or any prior Act, under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’, may be transferred to Basic Repairs and Alterations or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects: Provided further, That the amount provided in this or any prior Act for Basic Repairs and Alterations may be used to pay claims against the Government arising from any projects under the heading ‘‘Repairs and Alterations’’ or used to fund authorized increases in prospectus projects; (3) $5,430,345,000 for rental of space to remain available until expended; and (4) $2,248,395,000 for building operations to remain available until expended, of which $1,126,014,000 is for building services, and $1,122,381,000 is for salaries and expenses: Provided, That not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available under this paragraph for building operations may be transferred between and merged with such appropriations upon notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 5 percent by any such transfers: Provided further, That section 521 of this title shall not apply with respect to funds made available under this heading for building operations: Provided further, That the total amount of funds made available from this Fund to the General Services Administration shall not be available for expenses of any construction, repair, alteration and acquisition project for which a prospectus, if required by 40 U.S.C. 3307(a), has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus: Provided further, That funds available in the Federal Buildings Fund may be expended for emergency repairs when advance approval is obtained from the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That amounts necessary to provide reimbursable special services to other agencies under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2) and amounts to provide such reimbursable fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Government ownership or control as may be appropriate to enable the United States Secret Service to perform its protective functions pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3056, shall be available from such revenues and collections: Provided further, That revenues and collections and any other sums accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2019, excluding reimbursements under 40 U.S.C. 592(b)(2), in excess of the aggregate new obligational authority authorized for Real Property Activities of the Federal Buildings Fund in this Act shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as authorized in appropriations Acts. GENERAL ACTIVITIES  
GOVERNMENT WIDE POLICY  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide policy and evaluation activities associated with the management of real and personal property assets and certain administrative services; Governmentwide policy support responsibilities relating to acquisition, travel, motor vehicles, information technology management, and related technology activities; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $60,000,000. 
OPERATING EXPENSES  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for Governmentwide activities associated with utilization and donation of surplus personal property; disposal of real property; agencywide policy direction, management, and communications; and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; $49,440,000, of which $26,890,000 is for Real and Personal Property Management and Disposal; $22,550,000 is for the Office of the Administrator, of which not to exceed $7,500 is for official reception and representation expenses. 
CIVILIAN BOARD OF CONTRACT APPEALS  For expenses authorized by law, not otherwise provided for, for the activities associated with the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals, $9,301,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General and service authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $67,000,000: Provided, That not to exceed $50,000 shall be available for payment for information and detection of fraud against the Government, including payment for recovery of stolen Government property: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,500 shall be available for awards to employees of other Federal agencies and private citizens in recognition of efforts and initiatives resulting in enhanced Office of Inspector General effectiveness. 
PRESIDENTS  For carrying out the provisions of the Act of August 25, 1958 (3 U.S.C. 102 note), and Public Law 95–138, $4,796,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Products and Programs, including services authorized by 40 U.S.C. 323 and 44 U.S.C. 3604; and for necessary expenses in support of interagency projects that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically, through the development and implementation of innovative uses of information technology; $55,000,000, to be deposited into the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided, That the previous amount may be transferred to Federal agencies to carry out the purpose of the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the appropriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections deposited into the Fund shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of Federal Citizen Services and other activities that enable the Federal Government to enhance its ability to conduct activities electronically in the aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000: Provided further, That appropriations, revenues, reimbursements, and collections accruing to this Fund during fiscal year 2019 in excess of such amount shall remain in the Fund and shall not be available for expenditure except as authorized in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That any appropriations provided to the Electronic Government Fund that remain unobligated may be transferred to the Federal Citizen Services Fund: Provided further, That the transfer authorities provided herein shall be in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. 
TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND  For the Technology Modernization Fund, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended, for technologyrelated modernization activities. ASSETPROCEEDS AND SPACE MANAGEMENT FUND For carrying out the purposes of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $31,000,000, to be deposited into the Asset Proceeds and Space Management Fund, to remain available until expended. 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW IMPROVEMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of the Environmental Review Improvement Fund established pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 4370m8(d), $6,070,000, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 520. Funds available to the General Services Administration shall be available for the hire of passenger motor vehicles. SEC. 521. Funds in the Federal Buildings Fund made available for fiscal year 2019 for Federal Buildings Fund activities may be transferred between such activities only to the extent necessary to meet program requirements: Provided, That any proposed transfers shall be approved in advance by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 522. Except as otherwise provided in this title, funds made available by this Act shall be used to transmit a fiscal year 2019 request for United States Courthouse construction only if the request: (1) meets the design guide standards for construction as established and approved by the General Services Administration, the Judicial Conference of the United States, and the Office of Management and Budget; (2) reflects the priorities of the Judicial Conference of the United States as set out in its approved Courthouse Project Priorities plan; and (3) includes a standardized courtroom utilization study of each facility to be constructed, replaced, or expanded. SEC. 523. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to increase the amount of occupiable square feet, provide cleaning services, security enhancements, or any other service usually provided through the Federal Buildings Fund, to any agency that does not pay the rate per square foot assessment for space and services as determined by the General Services Administration in consideration of the Public Buildings Amendments Act of 1972 (Public Law 92–313). SEC. 524. From funds made available under the heading ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund, Limitations on Availability of Revenue’’, claims against the Government of less than $250,000 arising from direct construction projects and acquisition of buildings may be liquidated from savings effected in other construction projects with prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 525. In any case in which the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate adopt a resolution granting lease authority pursuant to a prospectus transmitted to Congress by the Administrator of the General Services Administration under 40 U.S.C. 3307, the Administrator shall ensure that the delineated area of procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus for all lease agreements, except that, if the Administrator determines that the delineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to each of such committees and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to exercising any lease authority provided in the resolution. SEC. 526. With respect to each project funded under the heading ‘‘Major Repairs and Alterations’’ or ‘‘Judiciary Capital Security Program’’, and with respect to EGovernment projects funded under the heading ‘‘Federal Citizen Services Fund’’, the Administrator of General Services shall submit a spending plan and explanation for each project to be undertaken to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 527. The Administrator of General Services shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives not later than 30 days following implementation of the initiative established under (c)(2) of Section 846 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 41 U.S.C. 1901 note) containing a market analysis and an implementation strategy related to the requirements under subparagraph (h) of Section 846. The report shall address strategies and processes for proper government safeguards to data management and privacy for incorporation into the implementation of Section 846 to ensure a competitive environment. HARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For payment to the Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation Trust Fund, established by section 10 of Public Law 93–642, $1,000,000, to remain available until expended. MERITSYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, and the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, direct procurement of survey printing, and not to exceed $2,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $44,490,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, and in addition not to exceed $2,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for administrative expenses to adjudicate retirement appeals to be transferred from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund in amounts determined by the Merit Systems Protection Board. NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS  ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in connection with the administration of the National Archives and Records Administration and archived Federal records and related activities, as provided by law, and for expenses necessary for the review and declassification of documents, the activities of the Public Interest Declassification Board, the operations and maintenance of the electronic records archives, the hire of passenger motor vehicles, and for uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901), including maintenance, repairs, and cleaning, $372,400,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Reform Act of 2008, Public Law 110–409, 122 Stat. 4302–16 (2008), and the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), and for the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $4,823,000. 
REPAIRS AND RESTORATION  For the repair, alteration, and improvement of archives facilities, and to provide adequate storage for holdings, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS PROGRAM  For necessary expenses for allocations and grants for historical publications and records as authorized by 44 U.S.C. 2504, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FUND  For the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund program as authorized by 42 U.S.C. 9812, 9822 and 9910, $2,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for technical assistance to lowincome designated credit unions. OFFICE OF GOVERNMENT ETHICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Government Ethics pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, the Ethics Reform Act of 1989, and the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, hire of passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $1,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $17,019,000. OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978 and the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; medical examinations performed for veterans by private physicians on a fee basis; rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere; hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses; advances for reimbursements to applicable funds of OPM and the Federal Bureau of Investigation for expenses incurred under Executive Order No. 10422 of January 9, 1953, as amended; and payment of per diem and/or subsistence allowances to employees where Voting Rights Act activities require an employee to remain overnight at his or her post of duty, $132,172,000: Provided, That of the total amount made available under this heading, not to exceed $14,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for information technology infrastructure modernization and Trust Fund Federal Financial System migration or modernization, and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for such purposes upon submitting to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives the plan of expenditure as required by the ‘‘Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017’’: Provided further, That the amount made available by the previous proviso may not be obligated until the Director of the Office of Personnel Management submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 90 days of enactment a plan for expenditure of such amount, prepared in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, the Administrator of the United States Digital Service, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, that— (1) identifies the full scope and cost of the IT systems remediation and stabilization project; (2) meets the capital planning and investment control review requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, including Circular A–11, part 7; (3) includes a Major IT Business Case under the requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget Exhibit 300; (4) complies with the acquisition rules, requirements, guidelines, and systems acquisition management practices of the Government; (5) complies with all Office of Management and Budget, Department of Homeland Security and National Institute of Standards and Technology requirements related to securing the agency’s information system as described in 44 U.S.C. 3554; and (6) is reviewed and commented upon within 60 days of plan development by the Inspector General of the Office of Personnel Management, and such comments are submitted to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management before the date of such submission: Provided further, That of the total amount made available under this heading, $639,018 may be made available for strengthening the capacity and capabilities of the acquisition workforce (as defined by the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.)), including the recruitment, hiring, training, and retention of such workforce and information technology in support of acquisition workforce effectiveness or for management solutions to improve acquisition management; and in addition $133,483,000 for administrative expenses, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of OPM without regard to other statutes, including direct procurement of printed materials, for the retirement and insurance programs: Provided further, That the provisions of this appropriation shall not affect the authority to use applicable trust funds as provided by sections 8348(a)(1)(B), 8958(f)(2)(A), 8988(f)(2)(A), and 9004(f)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be available for salaries and expenses of the Legal Examining Unit of OPM established pursuant to Executive Order No. 9358 of July 1, 1943, or any successor unit of like purpose: Provided further, That the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, established by Executive Order No. 11183 of October 3, 1964, may, during fiscal year 2019, accept donations of money, property, and personal services: Provided further, That such donations, including those from prior years, may be used for the development of publicity materials to provide information about the White House Fellows, except that no such donations shall be accepted for travel or reimbursement of travel expenses, or for the salaries of employees of such Commission. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF TRUST FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, hire of passenger motor vehicles, $5,000,000, and in addition, not to exceed $25,265,000 for administrative expenses to audit, investigate, and provide other oversight of the Office of Personnel Management’s retirement and insurance programs, to be transferred from the appropriate trust funds of the Office of Personnel Management, as determined by the Inspector General: Provided, That the Inspector General is authorized to rent conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere. OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses to carry out functions of the Office of Special Counsel pursuant to Reorganization Plan Numbered 2 of 1978, the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–454), the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–12) as amended by Public Law 107–304, the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199), and the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–353), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, payment of fees and expenses for witnesses, rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and hire of passenger motor vehicles; $26,252,000. POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Postal Regulatory Commission in carrying out the provisions of the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435), $15,200,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as authorized by section 603(a) of such Act. PRIVACY AND CIVILLIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, as authorized by section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee), $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. PUBLIC BUILDINGS REFORM BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Public Buildings Reform Board in carrying out the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), $2,000,000, to remain available until expended. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Securities and Exchange Commission, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, the rental of space (to include multiple year leases) in the District of Columbia and elsewhere, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $1,658,302,000, to remain available until expended; of which not less than $15,206,000 shall be for the Office of Inspector General; of which not to exceed $75,000 shall be available for a permanent secretariat for the International Organization of Securities Commissions; and of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be available for expenses for consultations and meetings hosted by the Commission with foreign governmental and other regulatory officials, members of their delegations and staffs to exchange views concerning securities matters, such expenses to include necessary logistic and administrative expenses and the expenses of Commission staff and foreign invitees in attendance including: (1) incidental expenses such as meals; (2) travel and transportation; and (3) related lodging or subsistence. In addition to the foregoing appropriation, for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s New York regional office facilities, not to exceed $37,189,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for purposes of calculating the fee rate under section 31(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee(j)) for fiscal year 2019, all amounts appropriated under this heading shall be deemed to be the regular appropriation to the Commission for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That fees and charges authorized by section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections: Provided further, That not to exceed $1,658,302,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for necessary expenses of this account and not to exceed $37,189,000 of such offsetting collections shall be available until expended for costs under this heading associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s New York regional office facilities: Provided further, That the total amount appropriated under this heading from the general fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be reduced as such offsetting fees 
are received so as to result in a final total fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That if any amount of the appropriation for costs associated with relocation under a replacement lease for the Commission’s New York regional office facilities is subsequently deobligated by the Commission, such amount that was derived from the general fund shall be returned to the general fund, and such amounts that were derived from fees or assessments collected for such purpose shall be paid to each national securities exchange and national securities association, respectively, in proportion to any fees or assessments paid by such national securities exchange or national securities association under section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) in fiscal year 2019. SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Selective Service System, including expenses of attendance at meetings and of training for uniformed personnel assigned to the Selective Service System, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 4101–4118 for civilian employees; hire of passenger motor vehicles; services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses; $26,000,000: Provided, That during the current fiscal year, the President may exempt this appropriation from the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 1341, whenever the President deems such action to be necessary in the interest of national defense: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be expended for or in connection with the induction of any person into the Armed Forces of the United States. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the Small Business Administration, including hire of passenger motor vehicles as authorized by sections 1343 and 1344 of title 31, United States Code, and not to exceed $3,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $268,500,000, of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be available for examinations, reviews, and other lender oversight activities: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to charge fees to cover the cost of publications developed by the Small Business Administration, and certain loan program activities, including fees authorized by section 5(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, revenues received from all such activities shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended, for carrying out these purposes without further appropriations: Provided further, That the Small Business Administration may accept gifts in an amount not to exceed $4,000,000 and may cosponsor activities, each in accordance with section 132(a) of division K of Public Law 108–447, during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That $6,100,000 shall be available for the Loan Modernization and Accounting System, to be available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That $3,000,000 shall be for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program under section 34 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d). 
ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS  For necessary expenses of programs supporting entrepreneurial and small business development, $251,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That $132,600,000 shall be available to fund grants for performance in fiscal year 2019 or fiscal year 2020 as authorized by section 21 of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That $31,600,000 shall be for marketing, management, and technical assistance under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(4)) by intermediaries that make microloans under the microloan program: Provided further, That $18,000,000 shall be available for grants to States to carry out export programs that assist small business concerns authorized under section 22(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 649(l)). OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $21,900,000. 
OFFICE OF ADVOCACY  For necessary expenses of the Office of Advocacy in carrying out the provisions of title II of Public Law 94–305 (15 U.S.C. 634a et seq.) and the Regulatory Flexibility Act of 1980 (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), $9,120,000, to remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the cost of direct loans, $4,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That subject to section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, during fiscal year 2019 commitments to guarantee loans under section 503 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019 commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed $30,000,000,000 for a combination of amortizing term loans and the aggregated maximum line of credit provided by revolving loans: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019 commitments for loans authorized under subparagraph (C) of section 502(7) of The Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(7)) shall not exceed $7,500,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019 commitments to guarantee loans for debentures under section 303(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 shall not exceed $4,000,000,000: Provided further, That during fiscal year 2019, guarantees of trust certificates authorized by section 5(g) of the Small Business Act shall not exceed a principal amount of $12,000,000,000. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $155,150,000, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $31,308,000, to be available until expended, of which $1,000,000 is for the Office of Inspector General of the Small Business Administration for audits and reviews of disaster loans and the disaster loan programs and shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for the Office of Inspector General; of which $22,308,000 is for direct administrative expenses of loan making and servicing to carry out the direct loan program, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses; and of which $9,000,000 is for indirect administrative expenses for the direct loan program, which may be transferred to and merged with the appropriations for Salaries and Expenses. 
(INCLUDING RESCISSION AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 530. Not to exceed 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the Small Business Administration in this Act may be transferred between such appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 10 percent by any such transfers: Provided, That any transfer pursuant to this paragraph shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under section 608 of this Act and shall not be available for obligation or expenditure except in compliance with the procedures set forth in that section. SEC. 531. Of the unobligated balances from prior year appropriations available under the ‘‘Business Loans Program Account’’ heading for the Certified Development Company Program, $50,000,000 are hereby permanently rescinded: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded under this section from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 532. Section 12085 of Public Law 110–246 is repealed. UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE  
PAYMENT TO THE POSTAL SERVICE FUND  For payment to the Postal Service Fund for revenue forgone on free and reduced rate mail, pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2401 of title 39, United States Code, $58,118,000: Provided, That mail for overseas voting and mail for the blind shall continue to be free: Provided further, That 6day delivery and rural delivery of mail shall continue at not less than the 1983 level: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Postal Service by this Act shall be used to implement any rule, regulation, or policy of charging any officer or employee of any State or local child support enforcement agency, or any individual participating in a State or local program of child support enforcement, a fee for information requested or provided concerning an address of a postal customer: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act shall be used to consolidate or close small rural and other small post offices: Provided further, That the Postal Service shall maintain and comply with service standards for First Class Mail and periodicals effective on July 1, 2012. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $250,000,000, to be derived by transfer from the Postal Service Fund and expended as authorized by section 603(b)(3) of the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (Public Law 109–435). UNITED STATES TAXCOURT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including contract reporting and other services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $51,515,000, of which $500,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That travel expenses of the judges shall be paid upon the written certificate of the judge. TITLE VI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS ACT SEC. 601. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for the planning or execution of any program to pay the expenses of, or otherwise compensate, nonFederal parties intervening 
in regulatory or adjudicatory proceedings funded in this Act. SEC. 602. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 603. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3109, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued pursuant to existing law. SEC. 604. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 605. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be available for any activity or for paying the salary of any Government employee where funding an activity or paying a salary to a Government employee would result in a decision, determination, rule, regulation, or policy that would prohibit the enforcement of section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307). SEC. 606. No funds appropriated pursuant to this Act may be expended by an entity unless the entity agrees that in expending the assistance the entity will comply with chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 607. No funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act shall be made available to any person or entity that has been convicted of violating chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 608. Except as otherwise provided in this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury derived by the collection of fees and available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates a new program; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a specific activity by the Committee on Appropriations of either the House of Representatives or the Senate for a different purpose; (5) augments existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; (6) reduces existing programs, projects, or activities by $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) creates or reorganizes offices, programs, or activities unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided, That prior to any significant reorganization or restructuring of offices, programs, or activities, each agency or entity funded in this Act shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each agency funded by this Act shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year: Provided further, That at a minimum the report shall include: (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by object class and program, project, and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest: Provided further, That the amount appropriated or limited for salaries and expenses for an agency shall be reduced by $100,000 per day for each day after the required date that the report has not been submitted to the Congress. SEC. 609. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2019 from appropriations made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2019 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines. SEC. 610. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Executive Office of the President to request— (1) any official background investigation report on any individual from the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or (2) a determination with respect to the treatment of an organization as described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code from the Department of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) in the case of an official background investigation report, if such individual has given express written consent for such request not more than 6 months prior to the date of such request and during the same presidential administration; or (2) if such request is required due to extraordinary circumstances involving national security. SEC. 611. The cost accounting standards promulgated under chapter 15 of title 41, United States Code shall not apply with respect to a contract under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program established under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 612. For the purpose of resolving litigation and implementing any settlement agreements regarding the nonforeign area costofliving allowance program, the Office of Personnel Management may accept and utilize (without regard to any restriction on unanticipated travel expenses imposed in an Appropriations Act) funds made available to the Office of Personnel Management pursuant to court approval. SEC. 613. No funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion, or the administrative expenses in connection with any health plan under the Federal employees health benefits program which provides any benefits or coverage for abortions. SEC. 614. The provision of section 613 shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. SEC. 615. In order to promote Government access to commercial information technology, the restriction on purchasing nondomestic articles, materials, and supplies set forth in chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code (popularly known as the Buy American Act), shall not apply to the acquisition by the Federal Government of information technology (as defined in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code), that is a commercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41, United States Code). SEC. 616. Notwithstanding section 1353 of title 31, United States Code, no officer or employee of any regulatory agency or commission funded by this Act may accept on behalf of that agency, nor may such agency or commission accept, payment or reimbursement from a nonFederal entity for travel, subsistence, or related expenses for the purpose of enabling an officer or employee to attend and participate in any meeting or similar function relating to the official duties of the officer or employee when the entity offering payment or reimbursement is a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, or represents a person or entity subject to regulation by such agency or commission, unless the person or entity is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. SEC. 617. Notwithstanding section 708 of this Act, funds made available to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission by this or any other Act may be used for the interagency funding and sponsorship of a joint advisory committee to advise on emerging regulatory issues. SEC. 618. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Executive agency covered by this Act otherwise authorized to enter into contracts for either leases or the construction or alteration of real property for office, meeting, storage, or other space must consult with the General Services Administration before issuing a solicitation for offers of new leases or construction contracts, and in the case of succeeding leases, before entering into negotiations with the current lessor. (2) Any such agency with authority to enter into an emergency lease may do so during any period declared by the President to require emergency leasing authority with respect to such agency. (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Executive agency covered by this Act’’ means any Executive agency provided funds by this Act, but does not include the General Services Administration or the United States Postal Service. SEC. 619. (a) There are appropriated for the following activities the amounts required under current law: (1) Compensation of the President (3 U.S.C. 102). (2) Payments to— (A) the Judicial Officers’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 377(o)); (B) the Judicial Survivors’ Annuities Fund (28 U.S.C. 376(c)); and (C) the United States Court of Federal Claims Judges’ Retirement Fund (28 U.S.C. 178(l)). (3) Payment of Government contributions— (A) with respect to the health benefits of retired employees, as authorized by chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, and the Retired Federal Employees Health Benefits Act (74 Stat. 849); and (B) with respect to the life insurance benefits for employees retiring after December 31, 1989 (5 U.S.C. ch. 87). (4) Payment to finance the unfunded liability of new and increased annuity benefits under the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund (5 U.S.C. 8348). (5) Payment of annuities authorized to be paid from the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund by statutory provisions other than subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) Nothing in this section may be construed to exempt any amount appropriated by this section from any otherwise applicable limitation on the use of funds contained in this Act. SEC. 620. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Federal Trade Commission to complete the draft report entitled ‘‘Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children: Preliminary Proposed Nutrition Principles to Guide Industry SelfRegulatory Efforts’’ unless the Interagency Working Group on Food Marketed to Children complies with Executive Order No. 13563. SEC. 621. None of the funds in this Act may be used for the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to award a contract, enter an extension of, or exercise an option on a contract to a contractor conducting the final quality review processes for background investigation fieldwork services or background investigation support services that, as of the date of the award of the contract, are being conducted by that contractor. SEC. 622. (a) The head of each executive branch agency funded by this Act shall ensure that the Chief Information Officer of the agency has the authority to participate in decisions regarding the budget planning process related to information technology. (b) Amounts appropriated for any executive branch agency funded by this Act that are available for information technology shall be allocated within the agency, consistent with the provisions of appropriations Acts and budget guidelines and recommendations from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in such manner as specified by, or approved by, the Chief Information Officer of the agency in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer of the agency and budget officials. SEC. 623. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of chapter 29, 31, or 33 of title 44, United States Code. SEC. 624. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by a governmental entity to require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service to the public or remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is in electronic storage with the provider (as such terms are defined in sections 2510 and 2711 of title 18, United States Code) in a manner that violates the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. SEC. 625. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Federal Communications Commission to modify, amend, or change the rules or regulations of the Commission for universal service highcost support for competitive eligible telecommunications carriers in a way that is inconsistent with paragraph (e)(5) or (e)(6) of section 54.307 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on July 15, 2015: Provided, That this section shall not prohibit the Commission from considering, developing, or adopting other support mechanisms as an alternative to Mobility Fund Phase II. SEC. 626. No funds provided in this Act shall be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978, or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to the Inspector General and expressly limits the Inspector General’s right of access. A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information provided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978. Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this requirement. SEC. 627. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, adjudication activities, or other law enforcement or victim assistancerelated activity. SEC. 628. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission to finalize, issue, or implement any rule, regulation, or order regarding the disclosure of political contributions, contributions to tax exempt organizations, or dues paid to trade associations. SEC. 629. Title 44, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) In subsection (a)(2) of section 2107, by striking ‘‘the head of such agency has certified in writing to the Archivist’’ and inserting ‘‘the Archivist determines, after consulting with the head of such agency,’’. (2) In subsection (d) of section 2904, by striking the first instance of ‘‘digital or electronic’’. (3) In subsection (e) of section 3303a, by striking ‘‘the written consent of’’ and inserting ‘‘advance notice to’’. (4) In section 3308, by striking ‘‘empower’’ and inserting ‘‘direct’’. SEC. 630. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the requirements in section 316(b)(4)(D) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30118(b)(4)(D)) that the solicitation of contributions from member corporations stockholders and executive or administrative personnel, and the families of such stockholders or personnel, by trade associations must be separately and specifically approved by the member corporation involved prior to such solicitation, and that such member corporation does not approve any such solicitation by more than one such trade association in any calendar year. SEC. 631. (1) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to pay for an abortion or the administrative expenses in connection with a multiState qualified health plan offered under a contract under section 1334 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18054) which provides any benefits or coverage for abortions. (2) The provision of paragraph (1) shall not apply where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term, or the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. SEC. 632. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Securities and Exchange Commission to propose, issue, implement, administer, or enforce any requirement that a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or authorization to vote a security of an issuer in an election of members of the board of directors of the issuer be made using a single ballot or card that lists both individuals nominated by (or on behalf of) the issuer and individuals nominated by (or on behalf of) other proponents and permits the person granting the proxy, consent, or authorization to select from individuals in both groups. TITLE VII GENERAL PROVISIONS—GOVERNMENT WIDE DEPARTMENTS , AGENCIES , ANDCORPORATIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 701. No department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States receiving appropriated funds under this or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 shall obligate or expend any such funds, unless such department, agency, or instrumentality has in place, and will continue to administer in good faith, a written policy designed to ensure that all of its workplaces are free from the illegal use, possession, or distribution of controlled substances (as defined in the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)) by the officers and employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality. SEC. 702. Unless otherwise specifically provided, the maximum amount allowable during the current fiscal year in accordance with subsection 1343(c) of title 31, United States Code, for the purchase of any passenger motor vehicle (exclusive of buses, ambulances, law enforcement vehicles, protective vehicles, and undercover surveillance vehicles), is hereby fixed at $19,947 except station wagons for which the maximum shall be $19,997: Provided, That these limits may be exceeded by not to exceed $7,250 for policetype vehicles: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may not be exceeded by more than 5 percent for electric or hybrid vehicles purchased for demonstration under the provisions of the Electric and Hybrid Vehicle Research, Development, and Demonstration Act of 1976: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section may be exceeded by the incremental cost of clean alternative fuels vehicles acquired pursuant to Public Law 101–549 over the cost of comparable conventionally fueled vehicles: Provided further, That the limits set forth in this section shall not apply to any vehicle that is a commercial item and which operates on alternative fuel, including but not limited to electric, plugin hybrid electric, and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. SEC. 703. Appropriations of the executive departments and independent establishments for the current fiscal year available for expenses of travel, or for the expenses of the activity concerned, are hereby made available for quarters allowances and costofliving allowances, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5922–5924. SEC. 704. Unless otherwise specified in law during the current fiscal year, no part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used to pay the compensation of any officer or employee of the Government of the United States (including any agency the majority of the stock of which is owned by the Government of the United States) whose post of duty is in the continental United States unless such person: (1) is a citizen of the United States; (2) is a person who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence and is seeking citizenship as outlined in 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)(B); (3) is a person who is admitted as a refugee under 8 U.S.C. 1157 or is granted asylum under 8 U.S.C. 1158 and has filed a declaration of intention to become a lawful permanent resident and then a citizen when eligible; or (4) is a person who owes allegiance to the United States: Provided, That for purposes of this section, affidavits signed by any such person shall be considered prima facie evidence that the requirements of this 
section with respect to his or her status are being complied with: Provided further, That for purposes of subsections (2) and (3) such affidavits shall be submitted prior to employment and updated thereafter as necessary: Provided further, That any person making a false affidavit shall be guilty of a felony, and upon conviction, shall be fined no more than $4,000 or imprisoned for not more than 1 year, or both: Provided further, That the above penal clause shall be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other provisions of existing law: Provided further, That any payment made to any officer or employee contrary to the provisions of this section shall be recoverable in action by the Federal Government: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to any person who is an officer or employee of the Government of the United States on the date of enactment of this Act, or to international broadcasters employed by the Broadcasting Board of Governors, or to temporary employment of translators, or to temporary employment in the field service (not to exceed 60 days) as a result of emergencies: Provided further, That this section does not apply to the employment as Wildland firefighters for not more than 120 days of nonresident aliens employed by the Department of the Interior or the USDA Forest Service pursuant to an agreement with another country. SEC. 705. Appropriations available to any department or agency during the current fiscal year for necessary expenses, including maintenance or operating expenses, shall also be available for payment to the General Services Administration for charges for space and services and those expenses of renovation and alteration of buildings and facilities which constitute public improvements performed in accordance with the Public Buildings Act of 1959 (73 Stat. 479), the Public Buildings Amendments of 1972 (86 Stat. 216), or other applicable law. SEC. 706. In addition to funds provided in this or any other Act, all Federal agencies are authorized to receive and use funds resulting from the sale of materials, including Federal records disposed of pursuant to a records schedule recovered through recycling or waste prevention programs. Such funds shall be available until expended for the following purposes: (1) Acquisition, waste reduction and prevention, and recycling programs as described in Executive Order No. 13693 (March 19, 2015), including any such programs adopted prior to the effective date of the Executive order. (2) Other Federal agency environmental management programs, including, but not limited to, the development and implementation of hazardous waste management and pollution prevention programs. (3) Other employee programs as authorized by law or as deemed appropriate by the head of the Federal agency. SEC. 707. Funds made available by this or any other Act for administrative expenses in the current fiscal year of the corporations and agencies subject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available, in addition to objects for which such funds are otherwise available, for rent in the District of Columbia; services in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 3109; and the objects specified under this head, all the provisions of which shall be applicable to the expenditure of such funds unless otherwise specified in the Act by which they are made available: Provided, That in the event any functions budgeted as administrative expenses are subsequently transferred to or paid from other funds, the limitations on administrative expenses shall be correspondingly reduced. SEC. 708. No part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be available for interagency financing of boards (except Federal Executive Boards), commissions, councils, committees, or similar groups (whether or not they are interagency entities) which do not have a prior and specific statutory approval to receive financial support from more than one agency or instrumentality. SEC. 709. None of the funds made available pursuant to the provisions of this or any other Act shall be used to implement, administer, or enforce any regulation which has been disapproved pursuant to a joint resolution duly adopted in accordance with the applicable law of the United States. SEC. 710. During the period in which the head of any department or agency, or any other officer or civilian employee of the Federal Government appointed by the President of the United States, holds office, no funds may be obligated or expended in excess of $5,000 to furnish or redecorate the office of such department head, agency head, officer, or employee, or to purchase furniture or make improvements for any such office, unless advance notice of such furnishing or redecoration is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. For the purposes of this section, the term ‘‘office’’ shall include the entire suite of offices assigned to the individual, as well as any other space used primarily by the individual or the use of which is directly controlled by the individual. SEC. 711. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of national security and emergency preparedness telecommunications initiatives which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities, as provided by Executive Order No. 13618 (July 6, 2012). SEC. 712. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended by any department, agency, or other instrumentality of the Federal Government to pay the salaries or expenses of any individual appointed to a position of a confidential or policy determining character that is excepted from the competitive service under section 3302 of title 5, United States Code, (pursuant to schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations) unless the head of the applicable department, agency, or other instrumentality employing such schedule C individual certifies to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management that the schedule C position occupied by the individual was not created solely or primarily in order to detail the individual to the White House. (b) The provisions of this section shall not apply to Federal employees or members of the armed forces detailed to or from an element of the intelligence community (as that term is defined under section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))). SEC. 713. No part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be available for the payment of the salary of any officer or employee of the Federal Government, who— (1) prohibits or prevents, or attempts or threatens to prohibit or prevent, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government from having any direct oral or written communication or contact with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress in connection with any matter pertaining to the employment of such other officer or employee or pertaining to the department or agency of such other officer or employee in any way, irrespective of whether such communication or contact is at the initiative of such other officer or employee or in response to the request or inquiry of such Member, committee, or subcommittee; or (2) removes, suspends from duty without pay, demotes, reduces in rank, seniority, status, pay, or performance or efficiency rating, denies promotion to, relocates, reassigns, transfers, disciplines, or discriminates in regard to any employment right, entitlement, or benefit, or any term or condition of employment of, any other officer or employee of the Federal Government, or attempts or threatens to commit any of the foregoing actions with respect to such other officer or employee, by reason of any communication or contact of such other officer or employee with any Member, committee, or subcommittee of the Congress as described in paragraph (1). SEC. 714. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be obligated or expended for any employee training that— (1) does not meet identified needs for knowledge, skills, and abilities bearing directly upon the performance of official duties; (2) contains elements likely to induce high levels of emotional response or psychological stress in some participants; (3) does not require prior employee notification of the content and methods to be used in the training and written end of course evaluation; (4) contains any methods or content associated with religious or quasireligious belief systems or ‘‘new age’’ belief systems as defined in Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Notice N–915.022, dated September 2, 1988; or (5) is offensive to, or designed to change, participants’ personal values or lifestyle outside the workplace. (b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit, restrict, or otherwise preclude an agency from conducting training bearing directly upon the performance of official duties. SEC. 715. No part of any funds appropriated in this or any other Act shall be used by an agency of the executive branch, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, and for the preparation, distribution or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, radio, television, or film presentation designed to support or defeat legislation pending before the Congress, except in presentation to the Congress itself. SEC. 716. None of the funds appropriated by this or any other Act may be used by an agency to provide a Federal employee’s home address to any labor organization except when the employee has authorized such disclosure or when such disclosure has been ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. SEC. 717. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to provide any nonpublic information such as mailing, telephone or electronic mailing lists to any person or any organization outside of the Federal Government without the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 718. No part of any appropriation contained in this or any other Act shall be used directly or indirectly, including by private contractor, for publicity or propaganda purposes within the United States not heretofore authorized by Congress. SEC. 719. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’— (1) means an Executive agency, as defined under 5 U.S.C. 105; and (2) includes a military department, as defined under section 102 of such title, the United States Postal Service, and the Postal Regulatory Commission. (b) Unless authorized in accordance with law or regulations to use such time for other 
purposes, an employee of an agency shall use official time in an honest effort to perform official duties. An employee not under a leave system, including a Presidential appointee exempted under 5 U.S.C. 6301(2), has an obligation to expend an honest effort and a reasonable proportion of such employee’s time in the performance of official duties. SEC. 720. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act to any department or agency, which is a member of the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board (FASAB), shall be available to finance an appropriate share of FASAB administrative costs. SEC. 721. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346 and section 708 of this Act, the head of each Executive department and agency is hereby authorized to transfer to or reimburse ‘‘General Services Administration, Governmentwide Policy’’ with the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act, including rebates from charge card and other contracts: Provided, That these funds shall be administered by the Administrator of General Services to support Governmentwide and other multiagency financial, information technology, procurement, and other management innovations, initiatives, and activities, including improving coordination and reducing duplication, as approved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the appropriate interagency and multiagency groups designated by the Director (including the President’s Management Council for overall management improvement initiatives, the Chief Financial Officers Council for financial management initiatives, the Chief Information Officers Council for information technology initiatives, the Chief Human Capital Officers Council for human capital initiatives, the Chief Acquisition Officers Council for procurement initiatives, and the Performance Improvement Council for performance improvement initiatives): Provided further, That the total funds transferred or reimbursed shall not exceed $15,000,000 to improve coordination, reduce duplication, and for other activities related to Federal Government Priority Goals established by 31 U.S.C. 1120, and not to exceed $17,000,000 for GovernmentWide innovations, initiatives, and activities: Provided further, That the funds transferred to or for reimbursement of ‘‘General Services Administration, Governmentwide Policy’’ during fiscal year 2019 shall remain available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That such transfers or reimbursements may only be made after 15 days following notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. SEC. 722. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a woman may breastfeed her child at any location in a Federal building or on Federal property, if the woman and her child are otherwise authorized to be present at the location. SEC. 723. Notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 1346, or section 708 of this Act, funds made available for the current fiscal year by this or any other Act shall be available for the interagency funding of specific projects, workshops, studies, and similar efforts to carry out the purposes of the National Science and Technology Council (authorized by Executive Order No. 12881), which benefit multiple Federal departments, agencies, or entities: Provided, That the Office of Management and Budget shall provide a report describing the budget of and resources connected with the National Science and Technology Council to the Committees on Appropriations, the House Committee on Science and Technology, and the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation 90 days after enactment of this Act. SEC. 724. Any request for proposals, solicitation, grant application, form, notification, press release, or other publications involving the distribution of Federal funds shall comply with any relevant requirements in part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided, That this section shall apply to direct payments, formula funds, and grants received by a State receiving Federal funds. SEC. 725. (a) P ROHIBITION OF FEDERAL AGENCYMONITORING OF INDIVIDUALS ’ INTERNET  USE.—None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used by any Federal agency— (1) to collect, review, or create any aggregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable information relating to an individual’s access to or use of any Federal Government Internet site of the agency; or (2) to enter into any agreement with a third party (including another government agency) to collect, review, or obtain any aggregation of data, derived from any means, that includes any personally identifiable information relating to an individual’s access to or use of any nongovernmental Internet site. (b) EXCEPTIONS .—The limitations established in subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1) any record of aggregate data that does not identify particular persons; (2) any voluntary submission of personally identifiable information; (3) any action taken for law enforcement, regulatory, or supervisory purposes, in accordance with applicable law; or (4) any action described in subsection (a)(1) that is a system security action taken by the operator of an Internet site and is necessarily incident to providing the Internet site services or to protecting the rights or property of the provider of the Internet site. (c) DEFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: (1) The term ‘‘regulatory’’ means agency actions to implement, interpret or enforce authorities provided in law. (2) The term ‘‘supervisory’’ means examinations of the agency’s supervised institutions, including assessing safety and soundness, overall financial condition, management practices and policies and compliance with applicable standards as provided in law. SEC. 726. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to enter into or renew a contract which includes a provision providing prescription drug coverage, except where the contract also includes a provision for contraceptive coverage. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to a contract with— (1) any of the following religious plans: (A) Personal Care’s HMO; and (B) OSF HealthPlans, Inc.; and (2) any existing or future plan, if the carrier for the plan objects to such coverage on the basis of religious beliefs. (c) In implementing this section, any plan that enters into or renews a contract under this section may not subject any individual to discrimination on the basis that the individual refuses to prescribe or otherwise provide for contraceptives because such activities would be contrary to the individual’s religious beliefs or moral convictions. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to require coverage of abortion or abortionrelated services. SEC. 727. The United States is committed to ensuring the health of its Olympic, Pan American, and Paralympic athletes, and supports the strict adherence to antidoping in sport through testing, adjudication, education, and research as performed by nationally recognized oversight authorities. SEC. 728. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for official travel to Federal departments and agencies may be used by such departments and agencies, if consistent with Office of Management and Budget Circular A–126 regarding official travel for Government personnel, to participate in the fractional aircraft ownership pilot program. SEC. 729. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no executive branch agency shall purchase, construct, or lease any additional facilities, except within or contiguous to existing locations, to be used for the purpose of conducting Federal law enforcement training without the advance approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training which cannot be accommodated in existing Center facilities. SEC. 730. Unless otherwise authorized by existing law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act may be used by an executive branch agency to produce any prepackaged news story intended for broadcast or distribution in the United States, unless the story includes a clear notification within the text or audio of the prepackaged news story that the prepackaged news story was prepared or funded by that executive branch agency. SEC. 731. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (popularly known as the Privacy Act), and regulations implementing that section. SEC. 732. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used for any Federal Government contract with any foreign incorporated entity which is treated as an inverted domestic corporation under section 835(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 395(b)) or any subsidiary of such an entity. (b) WAIVERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any Secretary shall waive subsection (a) with respect to any Federal Government contract under the authority of such Secretary if the Secretary determines that the waiver is required in the interest of national security. (2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Any Secretary issuing a waiver under paragraph (1) shall report such issuance to Congress. (c) EXCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to any Federal Government contract entered into before the date of the enactment of this Act, or to any task order issued pursuant to such contract. SEC. 733. During fiscal year 2019, for each employee who— (1) retires under section 8336(d)(2) or 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code; or (2) retires under any other provision of subchapter III of chapter 83 or chapter 84 of such title 5 and receives a payment as an incentive to separate, the separating agency shall remit to the Civil Service Retirement and Disability Fund an amount equal to the Office of Personnel Management’s average unit cost of processing a retirement claim for the preceding fiscal year. Such amounts shall be available until expended to the Office of Personnel Management and shall be deemed to be an administrative expense under section 8348(a)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 734. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to recommend or require any entity submitting 
an offer for a Federal contract to disclose any of the following information as a condition of submitting the offer: (1) Any payment consisting of a contribution, expenditure, independent expenditure, or disbursement for an electioneering communication that is made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to a candidate for election for Federal office or to a political committee, or that is otherwise made with respect to any election for Federal office. (2) Any disbursement of funds (other than a payment described in paragraph (1)) made by the entity, its officers or directors, or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries to any person with the intent or the reasonable expectation that the person will use the funds to make a payment described in paragraph (1). (b) In this section, each of the terms ‘‘contribution’’, ‘‘expenditure’’, ‘‘independent expenditure’’, ‘‘electioneering communication’’, ‘‘candidate’’, ‘‘election’’, and ‘‘Federal office’’ has the meaning given such term in the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.). SEC. 735. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay for the painting of a portrait of an officer or employee of the Federal government, including the President, the Vice President, a member of Congress (including a Delegate or a Resident Commissioner to Congress), the head of an executive branch agency (as defined in section 133 of title 41, United States Code), or the head of an office of the legislative branch. SEC. 736. (a)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except as otherwise provided in this section, no part of any of the funds appropriated for fiscal year 2019, by this or any other Act, may be used to pay any prevailing rate employee described in section 5342(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code— (A) during the period from the date of expiration of the limitation imposed by the comparable section for the previous fiscal years until the normal effective date of the applicable wage survey adjustment that is to take effect in fiscal year 2019, in an amount that exceeds the rate payable for the applicable grade and step of the applicable wage schedule in accordance with such section; and (B) during the period consisting of the remainder of fiscal year 2019, in an amount that exceeds, as a result of a wage survey adjustment, the rate payable under subparagraph (A) by more than the sum of— (i) the percentage adjustment taking effect in fiscal year 2019 under section 5303 of title 5, United States Code, in the rates of pay under the General Schedule; and (ii) the difference between the overall average percentage of the localitybased comparability payments taking effect in fiscal year 2019 under section 5304 of such title (whether by adjustment or otherwise), and the overall average percentage of such payments which was effective in the previous fiscal year under such section. (2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no prevailing rate employee described in subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 5342(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, and no employee covered by section 5348 of such title, may be paid during the periods for which paragraph (1) is in effect at a rate that exceeds the rates that would be payable under paragraph (1) were paragraph (1) applicable to such employee. (3) For the purposes of this subsection, the rates payable to an employee who is covered by this subsection and who is paid from a schedule not in existence on September 30, 2018, shall be determined under regulations prescribed by the Office of Personnel Management. (4) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, rates of premium pay for employees subject to this subsection may not be changed from the rates in effect on September 30, 2018, except to the extent determined by the Office of Personnel Management to be consistent with the purpose of this subsection. (5) This subsection shall apply with respect to pay for service performed after September 30, 2017. (6) For the purpose of administering any provision of law (including any rule or regulation that provides premium pay, retirement, life insurance, or any other employee benefit) that requires any deduction or contribution, or that imposes any requirement or limitation on the basis of a rate of salary or basic pay, the rate of salary or basic pay payable after the application of this subsection shall be treated as the rate of salary or basic pay. (7) Nothing in this subsection shall be considered to permit or require the payment to any employee covered by this subsection at a rate in excess of the rate that would be payable were this subsection not in effect. (8) The Office of Personnel Management may provide for exceptions to the limitations imposed by this subsection if the Office determines that such exceptions are necessary to ensure the recruitment or retention of qualified employees. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), the adjustment in rates of basic pay for the statutory pay systems that take place in fiscal year 2019 under sections 5344 and 5348 of title 5, United States Code, shall be— (1) not less than the percentage received by employees in the same location whose rates of basic pay are adjusted pursuant to the statutory pay systems under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code: Provided, That prevailing rate employees at locations where there are no employees whose pay is increased pursuant to sections 5303 and 5304 of title 5, United States Code, and prevailing rate employees described in section 5343(a)(5) of title 5, United States Code, shall be considered to be located in the pay locality designated as ‘‘Rest of United States’’ pursuant to section 5304 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this subsection; and (2) effective as of the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning after September 30, 2018. SEC. 737. (a) The head of any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act shall submit annual reports to the Inspector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, regarding the costs and contracting procedures related to each conference held by any such department, agency, board, commission, or office during fiscal year 2019 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $100,000. (b) Each report submitted shall include, for each conference described in subsection (a) held during the applicable period— (1) a description of its purpose; (2) the number of participants attending; (3) a detailed statement of the costs to the United States Government, including— (A) the cost of any food or beverages; (B) the cost of any audiovisual services; (C) the cost of employee or contractor travel to and from the conference; and (D) a discussion of the methodology used to determine which costs relate to the conference; and (4) a description of the contracting procedures used including— (A) whether contracts were awarded on a competitive basis; and (B) a discussion of any cost comparison conducted by the departmental component or office in evaluating potential contractors for the conference. (c) Within 15 days after the end of a quarter, the head of any such department, agency, board, commission, or office shall notify the Inspector General or senior ethics official for any entity without an Inspector General, of the date, location, and number of employees attending a conference held by any Executive branch department, agency, board, commission, or office funded by this or any other appropriations Act during fiscal year 2019 for which the cost to the United States Government was more than $20,000. (d) A grant or contract funded by amounts appropriated by this or any other appropriations Act may not be used for the purpose of defraying the costs of a conference described in subsection (c) that is not directly and programmatically related to the purpose for which the grant or contract was awarded, such as a conference held in connection with planning, training, assessment, review, or other routine purposes related to a project funded by the grant or contract. (e) None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used for travel and conference activities that are not in compliance with Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012 or any subsequent revisions to that memorandum. SEC. 738. None of the funds made available in this or any other appropriations Act may be used to increase, eliminate, or reduce funding for a program, project, or activity as proposed in the President’s budget request for a fiscal year until such proposed change is subsequently enacted in an appropriation Act, or unless such change is made pursuant to the reprogramming or transfer provisions of this or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 739. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, enforce, or apply the rule entitled ‘‘Competitive Area’’ published by the Office of Personnel Management in the Federal Register on April 15, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 2019 0 et seq.). SEC. 740. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified information. SEC. 741. (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any other nondisclosure policy, form, or agreement if such policy, form, or agreement does not contain the following provisions: ‘‘These provisions are consistent with and do not supersede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or Executive order relating to (1) classified information, (2) communications to Congress, (3) the reporting to an Inspector General of a violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety, or (4) any other whistleblower protection. The 
definitions, requirements, obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agreement and are controlling.’’: Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a person connected with the conduct of an intelligence or intelligencerelated activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may contain provisions appropriate to the particular activity for which such document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, require that the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course of such activity unless specifically authorized to do so by the United States Government. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not bar disclosures to Congress, or to an authorized official of an executive agency or the Department of Justice, that are essential to reporting a substantial violation of law. (b) A nondisclosure agreement may continue to be implemented and enforced notwithstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into. (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce any agreement entered into during fiscal year 2014 which does not contain substantially similar language to that required in subsection (a). SEC. 742. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. SEC. 743. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. SEC. 744. (a) During fiscal year 2019, on the date on which a request is made for a transfer of funds in accordance with section 1017 of Public Law 111–203, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate of such request. (b) Any notification required by this section shall be made available on the Bureau’s public Web site. SEC. 745. If, for fiscal year 2019, new budget authority provided in appropriations Acts exceeds the discretionary spending limit for any category set forth in section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 due to estimating differences with the Congressional Budget Office, an adjustment to the discretionary spending limit in such category for fiscal year 2019 shall be made by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the amount of the excess but the total of all such adjustments shall not exceed 0.2 percent of the sum of the adjusted discretionary spending limits for all categories for that fiscal year. SEC. 746. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act may be used to implement or enforce Executive Order No. 13690, Establishing a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard and a Process for Further Soliciting and Considering Stakeholder Input, including any related rules, interim final rules, or guidance. SEC. 747. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce a rule issued pursuant to section 13(p) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. SEC. 748. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, complete, process, or approve a public private competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76. SEC. 749. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any title other than title IV or VIII shall not apply to such title IV or VIII. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS—DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 801. There are appropriated from the applicable funds of the District of Columbia such sums as may be necessary for making refunds and for the payment of legal settlements or judgments that have been entered against the District of Columbia government. SEC. 802. None of the Federal funds provided in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes or implementation of any policy including boycott designed to support or defeat legislation pending before Congress or any State legislature. SEC. 803. (a) None of the Federal funds provided under this Act to the agencies funded by this Act, both Federal and District government agencies, that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditures for an agency through a reprogramming of funds which— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or responsibility center; (3) establishes or changes allocations specifically denied, limited or increased under this Act; (4) increases funds or personnel by any means for any program, project, or responsibility center for which funds have been denied or restricted; (5) reestablishes any program or project previously deferred through reprogramming; (6) augments any existing program, project, or responsibility center through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $3,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (7) increases by 20 percent or more personnel assigned to a specific program, project or responsibility center, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to approve and execute reprogramming and transfer requests of local funds under this title through November 7, 2019. SEC. 804. None of the Federal funds provided in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia to provide for salaries, expenses, or other costs associated with the offices of United States Senator or United States Representative under section 4(d) of the District of Columbia Statehood Constitutional Convention Initiatives of 1979 (D.C. Law 3–171; D.C. Official Code, sec. 1– 123). SEC. 805. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made available by this Act or by any other Act may be used to provide any officer or employee of the District of Columbia with an official vehicle unless the officer or employee uses the vehicle only in the performance of the officer’s or employee’s official duties. For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘official duties’’ does not include travel between the officer’s or employee’s residence and workplace, except in the case of— (1) an officer or employee of the Metropolitan Police Department who resides in the District of Columbia or is otherwise designated by the Chief of the Department; (2) at the discretion of the Fire Chief, an officer or employee of the District of Columbia Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (3) at the discretion of the Director of the Department of Corrections, an officer or employee of the District of Columbia Department of Corrections who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (4) at the discretion of the Chief Medical Examiner, an officer or employee of the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (5) at the discretion of the Director of the Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency, an officer or employee of the Homeland Security and Emergency Management Agency who resides in the District of Columbia and is on call 24 hours a day; (6) the Mayor of the District of Columbia; and (7) the Chairman of the Council of the District of Columbia. SEC. 806. (a) None of the Federal funds contained in this Act may be used by the District of Columbia Attorney General or any other officer or entity of the District government to provide assistance for any petition drive or civil action which seeks to require Congress to provide for voting representation in Congress for the District of Columbia. (b) Nothing in this section bars the District of Columbia Attorney General from reviewing or commenting on briefs in private lawsuits, or from consulting with officials of the District government regarding such lawsuits. SEC. 807. None of the Federal funds contained in this Act may be used to distribute any needle or syringe for the purpose of preventing the spread of blood borne pathogens in any location that has been determined by the local public health or local law enforcement authorities to be inappropriate for such distribution, or used for the operation of a supervised drug consumption facility that permits the consumption of any substance listed in Schedule I of section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) onsite. SEC. 808. Nothing in this Act may be construed to prevent the Council or Mayor of the District of Columbia from addressing the issue of the provision of contraceptive coverage by health insurance plans, but it is the 
intent of Congress that any legislation enacted on such issue should include a ‘‘conscience clause’’ which provides exceptions for religious beliefs and moral convictions. SEC. 809. (a) None of the Federal funds contained in this Act may be used to enact or carry out any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative. (b) No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority may be used to enact any law, rule, or regulation to legalize or otherwise reduce penalties associated with the possession, use, or distribution of any schedule I substance under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) or any tetrahydrocannabinols derivative for recreational purposes. SEC. 810. No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority shall be expended for any abortion except where the life of the mother would be endangered if the fetus were carried to term or where the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest. SEC. 811. (a) No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council of the District of Columbia, a revised appropriated funds operating budget in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42), for all agencies of the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2019 that is in the total amount of the approved appropriation and that realigns all budgeted data for personal services and otherthanpersonal services, respectively, with anticipated actual expenditures. (b) This section shall apply only to an agency for which the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia certifies that a reallocation is required to address unanticipated changes in program requirements. SEC. 812. No later than 30 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Financial Officer for the District of Columbia shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Mayor, and the Council for the District of Columbia, a revised appropriated funds operating budget for the District of Columbia Public Schools that aligns schools budgets to actual enrollment. The revised appropriated funds budget shall be in the format of the budget that the District of Columbia government submitted pursuant to section 442 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (D.C. Official Code, sec. 1–204.42). SEC. 813. (a) Amounts appropriated in this Act as operating funds may be transferred to the District of Columbia’s enterprise and capital funds and such amounts, once transferred, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (b) The District of Columbia government is authorized to reprogram or transfer for operating expenses any local funds transferred or reprogrammed in this or the four prior fiscal years from operating funds to capital funds, and such amounts, once transferred or reprogrammed, shall retain appropriation authority consistent with the provisions of this Act. (c) The District of Columbia government may not transfer or reprogram for operating expenses any funds derived from bonds, notes, or other obligations issued for capital projects. SEC. 814. None of the Federal funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, nor may any be transferred to other appropriations, unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 815. Except as otherwise specifically provided by law or under this Act, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2019 from appropriations of Federal funds made available for salaries and expenses for fiscal year 2019 in this Act, shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for each such account for the purposes authorized: Provided, That a request shall be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for approval prior to the expenditure of such funds: Provided further, That these requests shall be made in compliance with reprogramming guidelines outlined in section 803 of this Act. SEC. 816. (a)(1) During fiscal year 2020, during a period in which neither a District of Columbia continuing resolution or a regular District of Columbia appropriation bill is in effect, local funds are appropriated in the amount provided for any project or activity for which local funds are provided in the Act referred to in paragraph (2) (subject to any modifications enacted by the District of Columbia as of the beginning of the period during which this subsection is in effect) at the rate set forth by such Act. (2) The Act referred to in this paragraph is the Act of the Council of the District of Columbia pursuant to which a proposed budget is approved for fiscal year 2020 which (subject to the requirements of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act) will constitute the local portion of the annual budget for the District of Columbia government for fiscal year 2020 for purposes of section 446 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.46, D.C. Official Code). (b) Appropriations made by subsection (a) shall cease to be available— (1) during any period in which a District of Columbia continuing resolution for fiscal year 2020 is in effect; or (2) upon the enactment into law of the regular District of Columbia appropriation bill for fiscal year 2020. (c) An appropriation made by subsection (a) is provided under the authority and conditions as provided under this Act and shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by this Act. (d) An appropriation made by subsection (a) shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for such project or activity during the portion of fiscal year 2020 for which this section applies to such project or activity. (e) This section shall not apply to a project or activity during any period of fiscal year 2020 if any other provision of law (other than an authorization of appropriations)— (1) makes an appropriation, makes funds available, or grants authority for such project or activity to continue for such period; or (2) specifically provides that no appropriation shall be made, no funds shall be made available, or no authority shall be granted for such project or activity to continue for such period. (f) Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect obligations of the government of the District of Columbia mandated by other law. SEC. 817. (a) No funds available for obligation or expenditure by the District of Columbia government under any authority may be used to enact any act, resolution, rule, regulation, guidance, or other law to permit any person to carry out any activity, or to reduce the penalties imposed with respect to any activity, to which subsection (a) of section 3 of the Assisted Suicide Funding Restriction Act of 1997 (42 U.S.C. 14402) applies (taking into consideration subsection (b) of such section). (b) Effective February 18, 2017, the Death With Dignity Act of 2016 (D.C. Law 21–182) is hereby repealed. SEC. 818. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (D.C. Law 20–261) or to implement any rule or regulation promulgated to carry out such Act. SEC. 819. (a) Effective with respect to fiscal year 2013 and each succeeding fiscal year, the Local Budget Autonomy Amendment Act of 2012 (D.C. Law 19–321) is hereby repealed, and any provision of law amended or repealed by such Act shall be restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted into law. (b)(1) Section 450 of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act (sec. 1–204.50, D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The General Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) INGENERAL.—The General Fund’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) APPLICATION OF FEDERAL APPROPRIA TIONS PROCESS .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as creating a continuing appropriation of the General Fund described in subsection (a). All funds provided for the District of Columbia shall be appropriated on an annual fiscal year basis through the Federal appropriations process. For each fiscal year, the District shall be subject to all applicable requirements of subchapter III of chapter 13 and subchapter II of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘AntiDeficiency Act’), the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921, and all other requirements and restrictions applicable to appropriations for such fiscal year.’’. (2) Section 603(a) of such Act (sec. 1–206.03(a), D.C. Official Code) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘existing’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, or as authorizing the District of Columbia to make any such change.’’. (3) The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. SEC. 820. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this title or in title IV shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this title or of title IV. TITLE IX FINANCIAL REFORM Subtitle A—Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act Sec. 901. Definition of angel investor group. Sec. 902. Clarification of general solicitation. Subtitle B—Credit Access and Inclusion Act Sec. 903. Positive credit reporting permitted. Subtitle C—Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales and Brokerage Simplification Act Sec. 904. Registration exemption for merger and acquisition brokers. Sec. 905. Effective date. Subtitle D—Mortgage Choice Act Sec. 906. Definition of points and fees. Sec. 907. Rulemaking. Subtitle E—Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act Sec. 908. Definition of accredited investor. Subtitle F—Fostering Innovation Act Sec. 909. Temporary exemption for lowrevenue issuers. 
Subtitle G—End Banking for Human Traffickers Act Sec. 910. Increasing the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking. Sec. 911. Coordination of human trafficking issues by the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence. Sec. 912. Additional reporting requirement under the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Sec. 913. Minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking. Subtitle H—Investing in Main Street Act Sec. 914. Investment in small business investment companies. Subtitle I—Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act Sec. 915. Exception to annual notice requirement. Subtitle J—Financial Institution Customer Protection Act Sec. 916. Requirements for deposit account termination requests and orders. Subtitle K—Encouraging Public Offerings Act Sec. 917. Expanding testing the waters and confidential submissions. Subtitle L—RiskBased Credit Examination Act Sec. 918. RiskBased Examinations of Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations. Subtitle M—Protection of Source Code Act Sec. 919. Procedure for obtaining certain intellectual property. Subtitle N—Family Office Technical Correction Act Sec. 920. Accredited investor clarification. Subtitle O—Market Data Protection Act Sec. 921. Internal risk controls. Subtitle P—Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act Sec. 922. SIFI designation process. Sec. 923. Rule of construction. Subtitle Q—[Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act Sec. 925. Access to capital for ruralarea small businesses. Subtitle R—Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act Sec. 926. Rulemaking authority under the Volcker rule. Sec. 927. Enforcement; antievasion. Sec. 928. Exclusion of community banks from Volcker rule. Subtitle S—Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act Sec. 929. Living will reforms. Subtitle T—Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act Sec. 930. Amendment to definition of financial institution. Sec. 931. Timeliness of examination reports. Sec. 932. Independent Examination Review Director. Sec. 933. Right to independent review of material supervisory determinations. Sec. 934. Additional amendments. Subtitle U—TRID Improvement Act Sec. 936. Amendments to mortgage disclosure requirements. Subtitle V—Common Sense Credit Union Capital Relief Act Sec. 938. Delay in effective date. Subtitle W—Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection–Inspector General Reform Act Sec. 939. Appointment of Inspector General. Sec. 940. Requirements for the Inspector General for the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. Sec. 941. Effective date. Sec. 942. Transition period. Subtitle X—BCFP on Appropriations Sec. 943. Bureau appropriations. Subtitle Y—Stress Test Relief for Nonbanks Sec. 944. Stress test relief for nonbanks. Subtitle Z—Interaffiliate Language Sec. 945. Interaffiliate treatment with respect to initial margin requirements. Subtitle AA—Tailored Application of Prudential Standards Sec. 946. Tailored application of prudential standards. Subtitle AB—Authority to Remove Bureau Director Sec. 947. Authority to remove Bureau Director. Subtitle AC—Congressional Review of Bureau Rulemaking Sec. 948. Congressional review of Bureau rulemaking. Sec. 949. Budgetary effects of rules subject to section 802 of title 5, United States Code. Sec. 950. Government Accountability Office study of rules. Sec. 951. Effective date. Subtitle A—Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Act 
DEFINITION OF ANGEL INVESTOR GROUP  SEC. 901. As used in this subtitle, the term ‘‘angel investor group’’ means any group that— (1) is composed of accredited investors interested in investing personal capital in earlystage companies; (2) holds regular meetings and has defined processes and procedures for making investment decisions, either individually or among the membership of the group as a whole; and (3) is neither associated nor affiliated with brokers, dealers, or investment advisers. 
CLARIFICATION OF GENERAL SOLICITATION  SEC. 902. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise Regulation D of its rules (17 C.F.R. 230.500 et seq.) to require that in carrying out the prohibition against general solicitation or general advertising contained in section 230.502(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, the prohibition shall not apply to a presentation or other communication made by or on behalf of an issuer which is made at an event— (1) sponsored by— (A) the United States or any territory thereof, by the District of Columbia, by any State, by a political subdivision of any State or territory, or by any agency or public instrumentality of any of the foregoing; (B) a college, university, or other institution of higher education; (C) a nonprofit organization; (D) an angel investor group; (E) a venture forum, venture capital association, or trade association; or (F) any other group, person or entity as the Securities and Exchange Commission may determine by rule; (2) where any advertising for the event does not reference any specific offering of securities by the issuer; (3) the sponsor of which— (A) does not make investment recommendations or provide investment advice to event attendees; (B) does not engage in an active role in any investment negotiations between the issuer and investors attending the event; (C) does not charge event attendees any fees other than administrative fees; and (D) does not receive any compensation with respect to such event that would require registration of the sponsor as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or as an investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; and (4) where no specific information regarding an offering of securities by the issuer is communicated or distributed by or on behalf of the issuer, other than— (A) that the issuer is in the process of offering securities or planning to offer securities; (B) the type and amount of securities being offered; (C) the amount of securities being offered that have already been subscribed for; and (D) the intended use of proceeds of the offering. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (a) may only be construed as requiring the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend the requirements of Regulation D with respect to presentations and communications, and not with respect to purchases or sales. Subtitle B—Credit Access and Inclusion Act 
POSITIVE CREDIT REPORTING PERMITTED  SEC. 903. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) FULLFILECREDIT REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to the limitation in paragraph (2) and notwithstanding any other provision of law, a person or the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may furnish to a consumer reporting agency information relating to the performance of a consumer in making payments— ‘‘(A) under a lease agreement with respect to a dwelling, including such a lease in which the Department of Housing and Urban Development provides subsidized payments for occupancy in a dwelling; or ‘‘(B) pursuant to a contract for a utility or telecommunications service. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—Information about a consumer’s usage of any utility services provided by a utility or telecommunication firm may be furnished to a consumer reporting agency only to the extent that such information relates to payment by the consumer for the services of such utility or telecommunication service or other terms of the provision of the services to the consumer, including any deposit, discount, or conditions for interruption or termination of the services. ‘‘(3) PAYMENT PLAN .—An energy utility firm may not report payment information to a consumer reporting agency with respect to an outstanding balance of a consumer as late if— ‘‘(A) the energy utility firm and the consumer have entered into a payment plan (including a deferred payment agreement, an arrearage management program, or a debt forgiveness program) with respect to such outstanding balance; and ‘‘(B) the consumer is meeting the obligations of the payment plan, as determined by the energy utility firm. ‘‘(4) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) ENERGY UTILITY FIRM .—The term ‘energy utility firm’ means an entity that provides gas or electric utility services to the public. ‘‘(B) UTILITY OR TELECOMMUNICATION FIRM .— The term ‘utility or telecommunication firm’ means an entity that provides utility services to the public through pipe, wire, landline, wireless, cable, or other connected facilities, or radio, electronic, or similar transmission (including the extension of such facilities).’’. 
(b) L IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Section 623(c) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) subsection (f) of this section, including any regulations issued thereunder; or’’. (c) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the impact of furnishing information pursuant to subsection (f) of section 623 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681s–2) (as added by this subtitle) on consumers. Subtitle C—Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales and Brokerage Simplification Act 
ACQUISITION BROKERS  SEC. 904. Section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER  
AND ACQUISITION BROKERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an M&A broker shall be exempt from registration under this section. ‘‘(B) EXCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker does any of the following: ‘‘(i) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or securities to be exchanged by the parties to the transaction. ‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a public offering of any class of securities that is registered, or is required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the issuer files, or is required to file, periodic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(iii) Engages on behalf of any party in a transaction involving a shell company, other than a business combination related shell company. ‘‘(iv) Directly, or indirectly through any of its affiliates, provides financing related to the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company. ‘‘(v) Assists any party to obtain financing from an unaffiliated third party without— ‘‘(I) complying with all other applicable laws in connection with such assistance, including, if applicable, Regulation T (12 C.F.R. 220 et seq.); and ‘‘(II) disclosing any compensation in writing to the party. ‘‘(vi) Represents both the buyer and the seller in the same transaction without providing clear written disclosure as to the parties the broker represents and obtaining written consent from both parties to the joint representation. ‘‘(vii) Facilitates a transaction with a group of buyers formed with the assistance of the M&A broker to acquire the eligible privately held company. ‘‘(viii) Engages in a transaction involving the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company to a passive buyer or group of passive buyers. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a buyer that is actively involved in managing the acquired company is not a passive buyer, regardless of whether such buyer is itself owned by passive beneficial owners. ‘‘(ix) Binds a party to a transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company. ‘‘(C) DISQUALIFICATIONS .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker is subject to— ‘‘(i) suspension or revocation of registration under paragraph (4); ‘‘(ii) a statutory disqualification described in section 3(a)(39); ‘‘(iii) a disqualification under the rules adopted by the Commission under section 926 of the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 77d note); or ‘‘(iv) a final order described in paragraph (4)(H). ‘‘(D) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any person, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any provision of any rule or regulation thereunder. ‘‘(E) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) BUSINESS COMBINATION RELATED SHELL  
COMPANY .—The term ‘business combination related shell company’ means a shell company that is formed by an entity that is not a shell company— ‘‘(I) solely for the purpose of changing the corporate domicile of that entity solely within the United States; or ‘‘(II) solely for the purpose of completing a business combination transaction (as defined under section 230.165(f) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) among one or more entities other than the company itself, none of which is a shell company. ‘‘(ii) CONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of a company, whether through ownership of securities, by contract, or otherwise. There is a presumption of control for any person who— ‘‘(I) is a director, general partner, member or manager of a limited liability company, or corporate officer of a corporation or limited liability company, and exercises executive responsibility (or has similar status or functions); ‘‘(II) has the right to vote 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 25 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or ‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 25 percent or more of the capital. ‘‘(iii) ELIGIBLE PRIVATELY HELD COMPANY .— The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a privately held company that meets both of the following conditions: ‘‘(I) The company does not have any class of securities registered, or required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the company files, or is required to file, periodic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(II) In the fiscal year ending immediately before the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the following conditions (determined in accordance with the historical financial accounting records of the company): ‘‘(aa) The earnings of the company before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization are less than $25,000,000. ‘‘(bb) The gross revenues of the company are less than $250,000,000. For purposes of this subclause, the Commission may by rule modify the dollar figures if the Commission determines that such a modification is necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors. ‘‘(iv) M&A 
BROKER .—The term ‘M&A broker’ means a broker, and any person associated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting securities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regardless of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemption of, or a business combination involving, securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, if the broker reasonably believes that— ‘‘(I) upon consummation of the transaction, any person acquiring securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, acting alone or in concert, will control and, directly or indirectly, will be active in the management of the eligible privately held company or the business conducted with the assets of the eligible privately held company; and ‘‘(II) if any person is offered securities in exchange for securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, such person will, prior to becoming legally bound to consummate the transaction, receive or have reasonable access to the most recent fiscal yearend financial statements of the issuer of the securities as customarily prepared by the management of the issuer in the normal course of operations and, if the financial statements of the issuer are audited, reviewed, or compiled, any related statement by the independent accountant, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and information pertaining to the management, business, results of operations for the period covered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. ‘‘(v) SHELL COMPANY .—The term ‘shell company’ means a company that at the time of a transaction with an eligible privately held company— ‘‘(I) has no or nominal operations; and ‘‘(II) has— ‘‘(aa) no or nominal assets; ‘‘(bb) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or ‘‘(cc) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. ‘‘(F) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—On the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2018, and every 5 years thereafter, each dollar amount in subparagraph (E)(ii)(II) shall be adjusted by— ‘‘(I) dividing the annual value of the Employment Cost Index For Wages and Salaries, Private Industry Workers (or any successor index), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the adjustment is being made by the annual value of such index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2012; and ‘‘(II) multiplying such dollar amount by the quotient obtained under subclause (I). ‘‘(ii) ROUNDING .—Each dollar amount determined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100,000.’’. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  SEC. 905. This subtitle and any amendment made by this subtitle shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Mortgage Choice Act 
DEFINITION OF POINTS AND FEES  SEC. 906. (a) A MENDMENT TO SECTION 103 OF TILA.—Section 103(bb)(4) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602(bb)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) and section 129C’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘and insurance’’ after ‘‘taxes’’; (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except as retained by a creditor or its affiliate as a result of their participation in an affiliated business arrangement (as defined in section 2(7) of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2602(7))’’ after ‘‘compensation’’; and (C) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) the charge is— ‘‘(I) a bona fide thirdparty charge not retained by the mortgage originator, creditor, or an affiliate of the creditor or mortgage originator; or ‘‘(II) a charge set forth in section 106(e)(1);’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘accident,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or any payments’’ and inserting ‘‘and any payments’’. (b) AMENDMENT TO SECTION 129C OFTILA.— Section 129C of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5)(C), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mortgage originator’’ and inserting ‘‘103(bb)(4)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mortgage originator)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(bb)(4)’’. 
RULEMAKING  SEC. 907. Not later than the end of the 90day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall issue final regulations to carry out the amendments made by this subtitle, and such regulations shall be effective upon issuance. Subtitle E—Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act 
DEFINITION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR  SEC. 908. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a)(15) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(15) is amended— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (F), respectively; and (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon, and inserting after such subparagraph the following: ‘‘(B) any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 (which amount, along with the amounts set forth in subparagraph (C), shall be adjusted for inflation by the Commission every 5 years to the nearest $10,000 to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) where, for purposes of calculating net worth under this subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; ‘‘(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability); and ‘‘(iii) indebtedness that is secured by the person’s primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; ‘‘(C) any natural person who had an individual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the 2 most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; ‘‘(D) any natural person who is currently licensed or registered as a broker or investment adviser by the Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or an equivalent self regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or the securities division of a State or the equivalent State division responsible for licensing or registration of individuals in connection with securities activities; ‘‘(E) any natural person the Commission determines, by regulation, to have demonstrable education or job experience to qualify such person as having professional knowledge of a subject related to a particular investment, and whose education or job experience is verified by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an equivalent selfregulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934); or’’. (b) RULEMAKING .—The Commission shall revise the definition of accredited investor under Regulation D (17 C.F.R. 230.501 et seq.) to conform with the amendments made by subsection (a). Subtitle F—Fostering Innovation Act 
ISSUERS  SEC. 909. Section 404 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOWREVENUE ISSUERS .— ‘‘(1) LOWREVENUE EXEMPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit report prepared for an issuer that— ‘‘(A) ceased to be an emerging growth company on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently completed fiscal year; and ‘‘(C) is not a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(2) EXPIRATION OF TEMPORARY EXEMPTION .— An issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or ‘‘(C) the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) AVERAGE ANNUAL GROSS REVENUES .—The term ‘average annual gross revenues’ means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most recently completed three fiscal years divided by three. ‘‘(B) EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY .—The term ‘emerging growth company’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). ‘‘(C) LARGE ACCELERATED FILER .—The term ‘large accelerated filer’ has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. Subtitle G—End Banking for Human Traffickers Act INCREASING THE ROLE OF THE FINANCIAL  
INDUSTRY IN COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING  SEC. 910. (a) T REASURY AS A MEMBER OF THE  PRESIDENT ’SINTERAGENCY TASK FORCE TO MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAFFICKING .—Section 105(b) of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Education,’’. (b) REQUIRED REVIEW OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Financial Institutions Examination Council, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, the private sector, and appropriate law enforcement agencies, shall— (1) review and enhance training and examinations procedures to improve the capabilities of antimoney laundering and countering the financing of terrorism programs to detect financial transactions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (2) review and enhance procedures for referring potential cases relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons to the appropriate law enforcement agency; and (3) determine, as appropriate, whether requirements for financial institutions are sufficient to detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (c) INTERAGENCY TASKFORCE RECOMMENDA TIONS TARGETING MONEY LAUNDERING RELATED  
TOHUMAN TRAFFICKING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the head of each appropriate Federal banking agency— (A) an analysis of antimoney laundering efforts of the United States Government and United States financial institutions relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; and (B) appropriate legislative, administrative, and other recommendations to strengthen efforts against money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons. (2) REQUIRED RECOMMENDATIONS .—The rec ommendations under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) feedback from financial institutions on best practices of successful programs to combat severe forms of trafficking in persons currently in place that may be suitable for broader adoption by similarly situated financial institutions; (B) feedback from stakeholders, including victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons and financial institutions, on policy proposals derived from the analysis conducted by the task force referred to in paragraph (1) that would enhance the efforts and programs of financial institutions to detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, including any recommended changes to internal policies, procedures, and controls relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (C) any recommended changes to training programs at financial institutions to better equip employees to deter and detect money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons; (D) any recommended changes to expand information sharing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons among financial institutions and between such financial institutions, appropriate law enforcement agencies, and appropriate Federal agencies; and 
(E) recommended changes, if necessary, to existing statutory law to more effectively detect and deter money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons, where such money laundering involves the use of emerging technologies and virtual currencies. (d) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to grant rulemaking authority to the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking. (e) DEFINITIONS .—As used in this section— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)); (2) the term ‘‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); (3) the term ‘‘Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ means the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking established by the President pursuant to section 105 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103); and (4) the term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, authorized by law or by a government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal or civil law. 
THE OFFICE OF TERRORISM AND FINANCIAL IN TELLIGENCE  SEC. 911. (a) F UNCTIONS .—Section 312(a)(4) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) combating illicit financing relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons;’’. (b) INTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) INTERAGENCY COORDINATION .—The Sec retary of the Treasury, after consultation with the Undersecretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, shall designate an office within the OTFI that shall coordinate efforts to combat the illicit financing of severe forms of trafficking in persons with— ‘‘(A) other offices of the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(B) other Federal agencies, including— ‘‘(i) the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons of the Department of State; and ‘‘(ii) the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking; ‘‘(C) State and local law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(D) foreign governments.’’. (c) DEFINITION .—Section 312(a) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this section, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
2000 SEC. 912. Section 105(d)(7) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Financial Services,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Affairs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,’’ after ‘‘the Committee on Foreign Relations,’’; (2) in subparagraph (Q)(vii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (R), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(S) the efforts of the United States to eliminate money laundering relating to severe forms of trafficking in persons and the number of investigations, arrests, indictments, and convictions in money laundering cases with a nexus to severe forms of trafficking in persons.’’. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF  
TRAFFICKING  SEC. 913. Section 108(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Whether the government of the country, consistent with the capacity of the country, has in effect a framework to prevent financial transactions involving the proceeds of severe forms of trafficking in persons, and is taking steps to implement such a framework, including by investigating, prosecuting, convicting, and sentencing individuals who attempt or conduct such transactions.’’. Subtitle H—Investing in Main Street Act 
COMPANIES  SEC. 914. Section 302(b) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 682(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the approval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and surplus’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘or, subject to the approval of the appropriate Federal banking agency, 15 percent of such capital and surplus’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘appropriate Federal banking agency’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. Subtitle I—Privacy Notification Technical Clarification Act 
EXCEPTION TO ANNUAL NOTICE REQUIREMENT  SEC. 915. Section 503 of the GrammLeachBliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6803) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) ADDITIONAL EXCEPTION TO ANNUAL NOTICEREQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A vehicle financial company that has not changed its policies and practices with regard to disclosing nonpublic personal information from the policies and practices that were disclosed in the most recent disclosure sent to consumers in accordance with this section shall not be required to provide an annual disclosure under this section if— ‘‘(A) the vehicle financial company makes its current policy available to consumers on its website and via mail upon written request sent to a designated address identified for the purpose of requesting the policy or upon telephone request made using a toll free consumer service telephone number; ‘‘(B) the vehicle financial company conspicuously notifies consumers of the availability of the current policy, including— ‘‘(i) with respect to consumers who are entitled to a periodic billing statement, a message on the front page of each periodic billing statement; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to consumers who are not entitled to a periodic billing statement, through other reasonable means such as through a link on the landing page of the company’s website or with other written communication, including electronic communication, sent to the consumer; and ‘‘(C) the vehicle financial company— ‘‘(i) provides consumers with the ability to opt out, subject to any exemption or exception provided under subsection (b)(2) or (e) of section 502 or under regulations prescribed under section 504(b), of having the consumer’s nonpublic personal information disclosed to a nonaffiliated third party; and ‘‘(ii) includes a description about where to locate the procedures for a consumer to select such opt out in each periodic billing statement sent to the consumer. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT OF MULTIPLE POLICIES .—If a vehicle financial company maintains more than one set of policies described under paragraph (1) that vary depending on the consumer’s account status or State of residence, the vehicle financial company may comply with the website posting requirement in paragraph (1)(A) by posting all of such policies to the public section of the vehicle financial company’s website, with instructions for choosing the applicable policy. ‘‘(3) VEHICLE FINANCIAL COMPANY DEFINED .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘vehicle financial company’ means— ‘‘(A) a financial institution that— ‘‘(i) is regularly engaged in the business of extending credit for the purchase of vehicles; ‘‘(ii) is affiliated with a vehicle manufacturer; and ‘‘(iii) only shares nonpublic personal information of consumers with nonaffiliated third parties that are vehicle dealers; or ‘‘(B) a financial institution that— ‘‘(i) regularly engages in the business of extending credit for the purchase or lease of vehicles from vehicle dealers; or ‘‘(ii) purchases vehicle installment sales contracts or leases from vehicle dealers.’’. Subtitle II—Financial Institution Customer Protection Act 
TERMINATION REQUESTS AND ORDERS  SEC. 916. (a) T ERMINATION REQUESTS OR ORDERS MUSTBEVALID.— (1) IN GENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not formally or informally request or order a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or group of customer accounts or to otherwise restrict or discourage a depository institution from entering into or maintaining a banking relationship with a specific customer or group of customers unless— (A) the agency has a valid reason for such request or order; and (B) such reason is not based solely on reputation risk. (2) TREATMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
THREATS .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency believes a specific customer or group of customers is, or is acting as a conduit for, an entity which— (A) poses a threat to national security; (B) is involved in terrorist financing; (C) is an agency of the Government of Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any country listed from time to time on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list; (D) is located in, or is subject to the jurisdiction of, any country specified in subparagraph (C); or (E) does business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), unless the appropriate Federal banking agency determines that the customer or group of customers has used due diligence to avoid doing business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), such belief shall satisfy the requirement under paragraph (1). 
(b) N OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency formally or informally requests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the agency shall— (A) provide such request or order to the institution in writing; and (B) accompany such request or order with a written justification for why such termination is needed, including any specific laws or regulations the agency believes are being violated by the customer or group of customers, if any. (2) JUSTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A justification described under paragraph (1)(B) may not be based solely on the reputation risk to the depository institution. (c) CUSTOMER NOTICE .— (1) NOTICE REQUIRED .—Except as provided under paragraph (2) or as otherwise prohibited from being disclosed by law, if an appropriate Federal banking agency orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the depository institution shall inform the specific customer or group of customers of the justification for the customer’s account termination described under subsection (b). (2) NOTICE PROHIBITED .— (A) NOTICE PROHIBITED IN CASES OF NATIONAL  
SECURITY .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency requests or orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts based on a belief that the customer or customers pose a threat to national security, or are otherwise described under subsection (a)(2), neither the depository institution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the customer or customers of the justification for the customer’s account termination. (B) NOTICE PROHIBITED IN OTHER CASES .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency determines that the notice required under paragraph (1) may interfere with an authorized criminal investigation, neither the depository institution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the specific customer or group of customers of the justification for the customer’s account termination. (d) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each appropriate Federal banking agency shall issue an annual report to the Congress stating— (1) the aggregate number of specific customer accounts that the agency requested or ordered a depository institution to terminate during the previous year; and (2) the legal authority on which the agency relied in making such requests and orders and the frequency on which the agency relied on each such authority. (e) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY .— The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ means— (A) the appropriate Federal banking agency, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) the National Credit Union Administration, in the case of an insured credit union. (2) DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘depository institution’’ means— (A) a depository institution, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) an insured credit union. Subtitle III—Encouraging Public Offerings Act 
CONFIDENTIAL SUBMISSIONS  SEC. 917. The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5(d)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘an emerging growth company or any person authorized to act on behalf of an emerging growth company’’ and inserting ‘‘an issuer or any person authorized to act on behalf of an issuer’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the engaging in oral or written communications described under paragraph (1) by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’; and (2) in section 6(e)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘EMERGING  GROWTH COMPANIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘D RAFT REGISTRATION STATEMENTS ’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (4); and (C) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) PRIOR TO INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING .—Any issuer, prior to its initial public offering date, may confidentially submit to the Commission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as defined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the requested effective date of the registration statement. ‘‘(2) WITHIN 1 YEAR AFTER INITIAL PUBLIC OF FERING OR EXCHANGE REGISTRATION .—Any issuer, within the 1year period following its initial public offering or its registration of a security under section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, may confidentially submit to the Commission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as defined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the requested effective date of the registration statement. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the submission of draft registration statements described under this subsection by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’. Subtitle IV—RiskBased Credit Examination Act 
RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS  SEC. 918. Section 15E(p)(3)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(p)(3)(B)) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘Each examination under subparagraph (A) shall include’’. Subtitle V—Protection of Source Code Act PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  SEC. 919. (a) P ERSONS UNDER SECURITIES ACT 
OF1933.—Section 8 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (b) PERSONS UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  ACT OF 1934.—Section 23 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78w) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (c) INVESTMENT COMPANIES .—Section 31 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 30) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an investment company to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (d) INVESTMENT ADVISERS .—Section 204 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b– 4) is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an investment adviser to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’; and (2) in the second subsection (d), by striking ‘‘(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)’’. Subtitle VI—Family Office Technical Correction Act 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR CLARIFICATION  SEC. 920. (a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), any family office or a family client of a family office, as defined in section 275.202(a)(11)(G)–1 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be an accredited investor, as defined in Regulation D of the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any successor thereto) under the Securities Act of 1933. (b) LIMITATION .—Subsection (a) only applies to a family office with assets under management in excess of $5,000,000, and a family office or a family client not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, and whose purchase is directed by a person who has such knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters that such person is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment. Subtitle VII—Market Data Protection Act 
INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS  SEC. 921. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 4E the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each of the following entities, in consultation with the Chief Economist, shall develop comprehensive internal risk control mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by such entity, all market data sharing agreements of such entity, and all academic research performed at such entity using market data: ‘‘(1) The Commission. ‘‘(2) Each national securities association registered pursuant to section 15A. ‘‘(3) The operator of the consolidated audit trail created by a national market system plan approved pursuant to section 242.613 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation). ‘‘(b) CONSOLIDATED AUDIT TRAIL PROHIBITED  FROM ACCEPTING MARKET DATAUNTIL MECHANISMS DEVELOPED .—The operator described in paragraph (3) of subsection (a) may not accept market data (or shall cease accepting market data) until the operator has developed the mechanisms required by such subsection. Any requirement for a person to provide market data to the operator shall not apply during any time when the operator is prohibited by this subsection from accepting such data. ‘‘(c) TREATMENT OF PREVIOUSLY DEVELOPED  MECHANISMS .—The development of comprehensive internal risk control mechanisms required by subsection (a) may occur, in whole or in part, before the date of the enactment of this section, if such development and such mechanisms meet the requirements of such subsection (including consultation with the Chief Economist).’’; and (2) in section 3(a)— (A) by redesignating the second paragraph (80) (relating to funding portals) as paragraph (81); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(82) CHIEF ECONOMIST .—The term ‘Chief Economist’ means the Director of the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, or an employee of the Commission with comparable authority, as determined by the Commission.’’. Subtitle VIII—Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act 
SIFI DESIGNATION PROCESS  SEC. 922. Section 113 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5323) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as subparagraph (L); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) the appropriateness of the imposition of prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the identified risks; and’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (K) as subparagraph (L); (C) by inserting after subparagraph (J) the following: ‘‘(K) the appropriateness of the imposition of prudential standards as opposed to other forms of regulation to mitigate the identified risks; and’’; and (3) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) REEVALUATION AND RESCISSION .— ‘‘(1) ANNUAL REEVALUATION .—Not less frequently than annually, the Council shall reevaluate each determination made under subsections (a) and (b) with respect to a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors and shall— ‘‘(A) provide written notice to the nonbank financial company being reevaluated and afford such company an opportunity to submit written materials, within such time as the Council determines to be appropriate (but which shall be not less than 30 days after the date of receipt by the company of such notice), to contest the determination, including materials concerning whether, in the company’s view, material financial distress at the company, or the nature, scope, size, scale, concentration, interconnectedness, or mix of the activities of the company could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States; ‘‘(B) provide an opportunity for the nonbank financial company to meet with the Council to present the information described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) if the Council does not rescind the determination, provide notice to the nonbank financial company, its primary financial regulatory agency and the primary financial regulatory agency of any of the company’s significant subsidiaries of the reasons for the Council’s decision, which notice shall address with specificity how the Council assessed the material factors presented by the company under subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(2) PERIODIC REEVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) REVIEW .—Every 5 years after the date of a final determination with respect to a nonbank financial company under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, the nonbank financial company may submit a written request to the Council for a reevaluation of such determination. Upon receipt of such a request, the Council shall conduct a reevaluation of such determination and hold a vote on whether to rescind such determination. ‘‘(B) PROCEDURES .—Upon receipt of a written request under paragraph (A), the Council shall fix a time (not earlier than 30 days after the date of receipt of the request) and place at which such company may appear, personally or through counsel, to— ‘‘(i) submit written materials (which may include a plan to modify the company’s business, structure, or operations, which shall specify the length of the implementation period); and ‘‘(ii) provide oral testimony and oral argument before the members of the Council. ‘‘(C) TREATMENT OF PLAN .—If the company submits a plan in accordance with subparagraph (B)(i), the Council shall consider whether the plan, if implemented, would cause the company to no longer meet the standards for a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable. The Council shall provide the nonbank financial company an opportunity to revise the plan after consultation with the Council. ‘‘(D) EXPLANATION FOR CERTAIN COMPANIES .— With respect to a reevaluation under this paragraph where the determination being reevaluated was made before the date of enactment of this paragraph, the nonbank financial company may require the Council, as part of such reevaluation, to explain with specificity the basis for such determination. ‘‘(3) RESCISSION OF DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If the Council, by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, determines under this subsection that a nonbank financial company no longer meets the standards for a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, the Council shall rescind such determination. ‘‘(B) APPROVAL OF COMPANY PLAN .—Approval by the Council of a plan submitted or revised in accordance with paragraph (2) shall require a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson. If such plan is approved by the Council, the company shall implement the plan during the period identified in the plan, except that the Council, in its sole discretion and upon request from the company, may grant one or more extensions of the implementation period. After the end of the implementation period, including any extensions granted by the Council, the Council shall proceed to a vote as described under subparagraph (A).’’; (4) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) REQUIREMENTS FOR PROPOSED DETERMINATION , NOTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR HEARING, ANDFINAL DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) NOTICE OF IDENTIFICATION FOR INITIAL  
SUBMISSION .—Upon identifying a nonbank financial company for comprehensive analysis of the potential for the nonbank company to pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States, the Council shall provide the nonbank financial company with— ‘‘(A) written notice that explains with specificity the basis for so identifying the company, a copy of which shall be provided to the company’s primary financial regulatory agency; ‘‘(B) an opportunity to submit written materials for consideration by the Council as part of the Council’s initial evaluation of the risk profile and characteristics of the company; ‘‘(C) an opportunity to meet with the Council to discuss the Council’s analysis; and ‘‘(D) a list of the public sources of information being considered by the Council as part of such analysis. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS BEFORE MAKING A PRO POSED DETERMINATION .—Before making a proposed determination with respect to a nonbank financial company under paragraph (3), the Council shall— ‘‘(A) by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the vot ing members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, approve a resolution that identifies with specificity any risks to the financial stability of the United States the Council has identified relating to the nonbank financial company; ‘‘(B) with respect to nonbank financial company with a primary financial regulatory agency, provide a copy of the resolution described under subparagraph (A) to the primary financial regulatory agency and provide such agency with at least 180 days from the receipt of the resolution to— ‘‘(i) consider the risks identified in the resolution; and ‘‘(ii) provide a written response to the Council that includes its assessment of the risks identified and the degree to which they are or could be addressed by existing regulation and, as appropriate, issue proposed regulations or undertake other regulatory action to mitigate the identified risks; ‘‘(C) provide the nonbank financial company with written notice that the Council— ‘‘(i) is considering whether to make a proposed determination with respect to the nonbank financial company under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, which notice explains with specificity the basis for the 
Council’s consideration, including any aspects of the company’s operations or activities that are a primary focus for the Council; or ‘‘(ii) has determined not to subject the company to further review, which action shall not preclude the Council from issuing a notice to the company under subparagraph (1)(A) at a future time; and ‘‘(D) in the case of a notice to the nonbank financial company under subparagraph (C)(i), provide the company with— ‘‘(i) an opportunity to meet with the Council to discuss the Council’s analysis; ‘‘(ii) an opportunity to submit written materials, within such time as the Council deems appropriate (but not less than 30 days after the date of receipt by the company of the notice described under clause (i)), to the Council to inform the Council’s consideration of the nonbank financial company for a proposed determination, including materials concerning the company’s views as to whether it satisfies the standard for determination set forth in subsection (a) or (b), as applicable; ‘‘(iii) an explanation of how any request by the Council for information from the nonbank financial company relates to potential risks to the financial stability of the United States and the Council’s analysis of the company; ‘‘(iv) written notice when the Council deems its evidentiary record regarding such nonbank financial company to be complete; and ‘‘(v) an opportunity to meet with the members of the Council. ‘‘(3) PROPOSED DETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) VOTING .—The Council may, by a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, propose to make a determination in accordance with the provisions of subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, with respect to a nonbank financial company. ‘‘(B) DEADLINE FOR MAKING A PROPOSED DE TERMINATION .—With respect to a nonbank financial company provided with a written notice under paragraph (2)(C)(i), if the Council does not provide the company with the written notice of a proposed determination described under paragraph (4) within the 180day period following the date on which the Council notifies the company under paragraph (2)(C) that the evidentiary record is complete, the Council may not make such a proposed determination with respect to such company unless the Council repeats the procedures described under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) REVIEW OF ACTIONS OF PRIMARY FINAN CIAL REGULATORY AGENCY .—With respect to a nonbank financial company with a primary financial regulatory agency, the Council may not vote under subparagraph (A) to make a proposed determination unless— ‘‘(i) the Council first determines that any proposed regulations or other regulatory actions taken by the primary financial regulatory agency after receipt of the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A) are insufficient to mitigate the risks identified in the resolution; ‘‘(ii) the primary financial regulatory agency has notified the Council that the agency has no proposed regulations or other regulatory actions to mitigate the risks identified in the resolution; or ‘‘(iii) the period allowed by the Council under paragraph (2)(B) has elapsed and the primary financial regulatory agency has taken no action in response to the resolution. ‘‘(4) NOTICE OF PROPOSED DETERMINATION .— The Council shall— ‘‘(A) provide to a nonbank financial company written notice of a proposed determination of the Council, including an explanation of the basis of the proposed determination of the Council, that a nonbank financial company shall be supervised by the Board of Governors and shall be subject to prudential standards in accordance with this title, an explanation of the specific risks to the financial stability of the United States presented by the nonbank financial company, and a detailed explanation of why existing regulations or other regulatory action by the company’s primary financial regulatory agency, if any, is insufficient to mitigate such risk; and ‘‘(B) provide the primary financial regulatory agency of the nonbank financial company a copy of the nonpublic written explanation of the Council’s proposed determination. ‘‘(5) HEARING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of any notice of a proposed determination under paragraph (4), the nonbank financial company may request, in writing, an opportunity for a written or oral hearing before the Council to contest the proposed determination, including the opportunity to present a plan to modify the company’s business, structure, or operations in order to mitigate the risks identified in the notice, and which plan shall also include any steps the company expects to take during the implementation period to mitigate such risks. ‘‘(B) GRANT OF HEARING .—Upon receipt of a timely request, the Council shall fix a time (not earlier than 30 days after the date of receipt of the request) and place at which such company may appear, personally or through counsel, to— ‘‘(i) submit written materials (which may include a plan to modify the company’s business, structure, or operations); or ‘‘(ii) provide oral testimony and oral argument to the members of the Council. ‘‘(6) COUNCIL CONSIDERATION OF COMPANY  
PLAN.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If a nonbank financial company submits a plan in accordance with paragraph (5), the Council shall, prior to making a final determination— ‘‘(i) consider whether the plan, if implemented, would mitigate the risks identified in the notice under paragraph (4); and ‘‘(ii) provide the nonbank financial company an opportunity to revise the plan after consultation with the Council. ‘‘(B) VOTING .—Approval by the Council of a plan submitted under paragraph (5) or revised under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall require a vote of not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson. ‘‘(C) IMPLEMENTATION OF APPROVED PLAN .— With respect to a nonbank financial company’s plan approved by the Council under subparagraph (B), the company shall have one year to implement the plan, except that the Council, in its sole discretion and upon request from the nonbank financial company, may grant one or more extensions of the implementation period. ‘‘(D) OVERSIGHT OF IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) PERIODIC REPORTS .—The Council, acting through the Office of Financial Research, may require the submission of periodic reports from a nonbank financial company for the purpose of evaluating the company’s progress in implementing a plan approved by the Council under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) INSPECTIONS .—The Council may direct the primary financial regulatory agency of a nonbank financial company or its subsidiaries (or, if none, the Board of Governors) to inspect the company or its subsidiaries for the purpose of evaluating the implementation of the company’s plan. ‘‘(E) AUTHORITY TO RESCIND APPROVAL .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—During the implementation period described under subparagraph (C), including any extensions granted by the Council, the Council shall retain the authority to rescind its approval of the plan if the Council finds, by a vote of not fewer than 2⁄3of the voting members then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, that the company’s implementation of the plan is no longer sufficient to mitigate or prevent the risks identified in the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) FINAL DETERMINATION VOTE .—The Council may proceed to a vote on final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, not earlier than 10 days after providing the nonbank financial company with written notice that the Council has rescinded the approval of the company’s plan pursuant to clause (i). ‘‘(F) ACTIONS AFTER IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) EVALUATION OF IMPLEMENTATION .—After the end of the implementation period described under subparagraph (C), including any extensions granted by the Council, the Council shall consider whether the plan, as implemented by the nonbank financial company, adequately mitigates or prevents the risks identified in the resolution described under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) VOTING .—If, after performing an evaluation under clause (i), not fewer than 
2⁄3of the voting members of the Council then serving, including an affirmative vote by the Chairperson, determine that the plan, as implemented, adequately mitigates or prevents the identified risks, the Council shall not make a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable, with respect to the nonbank financial company and shall notify the company of the Council’s decision to take no further action. ‘‘(7) FINAL COUNCIL DECISIONS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of a hearing under paragraph (5), the Council shall notify the nonbank financial company of— ‘‘(i) a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), as applicable; ‘‘(ii) the Council’s approval of a plan submitted by the nonbank financial company under paragraph (5) or revised under paragraph (6); or ‘‘(iii) the Council’s decision to take no further action with respect to the nonbank financial company. ‘‘(B) EXPLANATORY STATEMENT .—A final determination of the Council, under subsection (a) or (b), shall contain a statement of the basis for the decision of the Council, including the reasons why the Council rejected any plan by the nonbank financial company submitted under paragraph (5) or revised under paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) NOTICE TO PRIMARY FINANCIAL REGU LATORY AGENCY .—In the case of a final determination under subsection (a) or (b), the Council shall provide the primary financial regulatory agency of the nonbank financial company a copy of the nonpublic written explanation of the Council’s final determination.’’; (5) in subsection (g), strike ‘‘before the Council makes any final determination’’ and insert ‘‘from the outset of the Council’s consideration of the company, including before the Council makes any proposed or final determination’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) PUBLIC DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .—The Council shall— ‘‘(1) in each case where a nonbank financial company has been notified that it is subject to the Council’s review and the company has publicly disclosed such fact, confirm that the nonbank financial company is subject to the Council’s review, in response to a request from a third party; 
‘‘(2) upon making a final determination, publicly provide a written explanation of the basis for its decision with sufficient detail to provide the public with an understanding of the specific bases of the Council’s determination, including any assumptions related thereof, subject to the requirements of section 112(d)(5); ‘‘(3) include, in the annual report required by section 112, the number of nonbank financial companies from the previous year subject to preliminary analysis, further review, and subject to a proposed or final determination; and ‘‘(4) within 90 days after the enactment of this subsection, publish information regarding its methodology for calculating any quantitative thresholds or other metrics used to identify nonbank financial companies for analysis by the Council. ‘‘(k) PERIODIC ASSESSMENT OF THE IMPACT OF  DESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(1) ASSESSMENT .—Every five years after the date of enactment of this section, the Council shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a study of the Council’s determinations that nonbank financial companies shall be supervised by the Board of Governors and shall be subject to prudential standards; and ‘‘(B) comprehensively assess the impact of such determinations on the companies for which such determinations were made and the wider economy, including whether such determinations are having the intended result of improving the financial stability of the United States. ‘‘(2) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after completing a study required under paragraph (1), the Council shall issue a report to the Congress that— ‘‘(A) describes all findings and conclusions made by the Council in carrying out such study; and ‘‘(B) identifies whether any of the Council’s determinations should be rescinded or whether related regulations or regulatory guidance should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed.’’. 
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION  SEC. 923. None of the amendments made by this subtitle may be construed as limiting the Financial Stability Oversight Council’s emergency powers under section 113(f) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5323(f)). Subtitle IX—Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act 
BUSINESSES  SEC. 925. Section 4(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(j)) is amended— (1) in paragraph(4)(C), by inserting ‘‘rural area small businesses,’’ after ‘‘womenowned small businesses,’’; and (2) in paragraph (6)(B)(iii), by inserting ‘‘ruralarea small businesses,’’ after ‘‘women owned small businesses,’’. Subtitle X—Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act 
RULE SEC. 926. (a) INGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 13(b) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) RULEMAKING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Board may, as appropriate, consult with the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to adopt rules or guidance to carry out this section, as provided in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) RULEMAKING REQUIREMENTS .—In adopt ing a rule or guidance under subparagraph (A), the Board— ‘‘(i) shall consider the findings of the report required in paragraph (1) and, as appropriate, subsequent reports; ‘‘(ii) shall assure, to the extent possible, that such rule or guidance provide for consistent application and implementation of the applicable provisions of this section to avoid providing advantages or imposing disadvantages to the companies affected by this subsection and to protect the safety and soundness of banking entities and nonbank financial companies supervised by the Board; and ‘‘(iii) shall include requirements to ensure compliance with this section, such as requirements regarding internal controls and recordkeeping. ‘‘(C) AUTHORITY .—The Board shall have sole authority to issue and amend rules under this section after the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(D) CONFORMING AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) CONTINUITY OF REGULATIONS .—Any rules or guidance issued under this section prior to the date of enactment of this paragraph shall continue in effect until the Board issues a successor rule or guidance, or amends such rule or guidance, pursuant to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) APPLICABLE GUIDANCE .—In performing examinations or other supervisory duties, the appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as appropriate, shall update any applicable policies and procedures to ensure that such policies and procedures are consistent (to the extent practicable) with any rules or guidance issued pursuant to subparagraph (C).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; (2) by striking ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (3) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding paragraph (2)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘provided in subsection (b)(2),’’ and inserting ‘‘The Board shall have the authority’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (F)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘the appropriate Federal banking agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘have not jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘has not’’; and (B) in subparagraph (G)(viii), by striking ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,’’ and inserting ‘‘Board,’’. 
ENFORCEMENT ; ANTIEVASION  SEC. 927. (a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) ENFORCEMENT ; ANTIEVASION .— ‘‘(1) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN CY.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law except for any rules or guidance issued under subsection (b)(2), whenever the appropriate Federal banking agency has reasonable cause to believe that a banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board has made an investment or engaged in an activity in a manner that either violates the restrictions under this section, or that functions as an evasion of the requirements of this section (including through an abuse of any permitted activity), such appropriate Federal banking agency shall order, after due notice and opportunity for hearing, the banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board to terminate the activity and, as relevant, dispose of the investment. ‘‘(2) SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
AND COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMIS SION.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law except for any rules or guidance issued under subsection (b)(2), whenever the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as appropriate, has reasonable cause to believe that a covered nonbank financial company for which the respective agency is the primary Federal regulator has made an investment or engaged in an activity in a manner that either violates the restrictions under this section, or that functions as an evasion of the requirements of this section (including through an abuse of any permitted activity), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as appropriate, shall order, after due notice and opportunity for hearing, the covered nonbank financial company to terminate the activity and, as relevant, dispose of the investment. ‘‘(B) COVERED NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANY  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered nonbank financial company’ means a nonbank financial company (as defined in section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010) supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as appropriate.’’. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to abrogate, reduce, or eliminate the backup authority of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation authority under the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811), or Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991. 
RULE SEC. 928. Section 13(h)(1) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(h)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) as clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (3) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘institution that functions solely in a trust or fiduciary capacity, if—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘institution— ‘‘(A) that functions solely in a trust or fiduciary capacity, if—’’; (4) in clause (iv)(II), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) that does not have and is not controlled by a company that has— ‘‘(i) more than $10,000,000,000 in total consolidated assets; and ‘‘(ii) total trading assets and trading liabilities, as reported on the most recent applicable regulatory filing filed by the institution, that are more than 5 percent of total consolidated assets.’’. 
LIVING WILL REFORMS  SEC. 929. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘periodically’’ and inserting ‘‘every 2 years’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Board’’; (B) by striking ‘‘shall review’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) review’’; (C) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the 6month period beginning on the date the company submits the resolution plan, provide feedback to the company on such plan. ‘‘(B) DISCLOSURE OF ASSESSMENT FRAME WORK .—The Board of Governors and the Corporation shall publicly disclose the assessment framework that is used to review information under this paragraph.’’. (b) TREATMENT OF OTHER RESOLUTION PLAN REQUIREMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to an appropriate Federal banking agency that requires a banking organization to submit to the agency a resolution plan not described under section 165(d) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act— (A) the respective agency shall ensure that the review of such resolution plan is consistent with the requirements contained in the amendments made by this subtitle; (B) the agency may not require the submission of such a resolution plan more often than every 2 years; and (C) paragraphs (6) and (7) of such section 165(d) shall apply to such a resolution plan. (2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: (A) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY .— The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’— (i) has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and (ii) means the National Credit Union Administration, in the case of an insured credit union. (B) BANKING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘banking organization’’ means— (i) an insured depository institution; (ii) an insured credit union; (iii) a depository institution holding company; (iv) a company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act; and (v) a U.S. intermediate holding company established by a foreign banking organization pursuant to section 252.153 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. (C) INSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘insured credit union’’ has the meaning given that term under section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act. (D) OTHER BANKING TERMS .—The terms ‘‘depository institution holding company’’ and ‘‘insured depository institution’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subtitle, or any amendment made by this subtitle, shall be construed as limiting the authority of an appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined under subsection (b)(2)) to obtain information from an institution in connection with such agency’s authority to examine or require reports from the institution. Subtitle XII—Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act AMENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF FINANCIAL  
INSTITUTION  SEC. 930. Section 1003(3) of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3302(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) the term ‘financial institution’— ‘‘(A) means a commercial bank, a savings bank, a trust company, a savings association, a building and loan association, a homestead association, a cooperative bank, or a credit union; and ‘‘(B) for purposes of sections 1012, 1013, and 1014, includes a nondepository covered person subject to supervision by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection under section 1024 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5514).’’. 
TIMELINESS OF EXAMINATION REPORTS  SEC. 931. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) FINAL EXAMINATION REPORT .—A Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall provide a final examination report to a financial institution not later than 60 days after the later of— ‘‘(A) the exit interview for an examination of the institution; or ‘‘(B) the provision of additional information by the institution relating to the examination. ‘‘(2) EXIT INTERVIEW .—If a financial institution is not subject to a resident examiner program, the exit interview shall occur not later than the end of the 9month period beginning on the commencement of the examination, except that such period may be extended by the Federal financial institutions regulatory agency by providing written notice to the institution and the Independent Examination Review Director describing with particularity the reasons that a longer period is needed to complete the examination. ‘‘(b) EXAMINATION MATERIALS .—Upon the request of a financial institution, the Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall include with the final report an appendix listing all examination or other factual information relied upon by the agency in support of a material supervisory determination.’’. 
INDEPENDENT EXAMINATION REVIEW DIRECTOR  SEC. 932. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), as amended by section 931, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Council an Office of Independent Examination Review (the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) HEAD OF OFFICE .—There is established the position of the Independent Examination Review Director (the ‘Director’), as the head of the Office. The Director shall be appointed by the Council and shall be independent from any member agency of the Council. ‘‘(c) TERM.—The Director shall serve for a term of 5 years, and may be appointed to serve a subsequent 5year term. ‘‘(d) STAFFING .—The Director is authorized to hire staff to support the activities of the Office. ‘‘(e) DUTIES .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) receive and, at the Director’s discretion, investigate complaints from financial institutions, their representatives, or another entity acting on behalf of such institutions, concerning examinations, examination practices, or examination reports; ‘‘(2) hold meetings, at least once every three months and in locations designed to encourage participation from all sections of the United States, with financial institutions, their representatives, or another entity acting on behalf of such institutions, to discuss examination procedures, examination practices, or examination policies; ‘‘(3) in accordance with subsection (f), review examination procedures of the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies to ensure that the written examination policies of those agencies are being followed in practice and adhere to the standards for consistency established by the Council; ‘‘(4) conduct a continuing and regular review of examination quality assurance for all examination types conducted by the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies; ‘‘(5) adjudicate any supervisory appeal initiated under section 1014; and ‘‘(6) report annually to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Council, on the reviews carried out pursuant to paragraphs (3) and (4), including compliance with the requirements set forth in section 1012 regarding timeliness of examination reports, and the Council’s recommendations for improvements in examination procedures, practices, and policies. ‘‘(f) STANDARD FOR REVIEWING EXAMINATION  PROCEDURES .—In conducting reviews pursuant to subsection (e)(4), the Director shall prioritize factors relating to the safety and soundness of the financial system of the United States. ‘‘(g) REMOVAL .—If the Director is removed from office, the Council shall communicate in writing the reasons for any such removal to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days before the removal. ‘‘(h) CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Director shall keep confidential all meetings with, discussions with, and information provided by financial institutions.’’. 
SUPERVISORY DETERMINATIONS  SEC. 933. The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), as amended by section 932, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1014. RIGHT TO INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF MATERIAL SUPERVISORY DETERMINATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A financial institution shall have the right to obtain an independent review of a material supervisory determination contained in a final report of examination. ‘‘(b) NOTICE .— ‘‘(1) TIMING .—A financial institution seeking review of a material supervisory determination under this section shall file a written notice with the Independent Examination Review Director (the ‘Director’) within 60 days after receiving the final report of examination that is the subject of such review. ‘‘(2) IDENTIFICATION OF DETERMINATION .—The written notice shall identify the material supervisory determination that is the subject of the independent examination review, and a statement of the reasons why the institution believes that the determination is incorrect or should otherwise be modified. ‘‘(3) INFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO INSTI TUTION .—Any information relied upon by the agency in the final report that is not in the possession of the financial institution may 
be requested by the financial institution and shall be delivered promptly by the agency to the financial institution. ‘‘(c) RIGHT TO HEARING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Director shall determine the merits of the appeal on the record or, at the financial institution’s election, shall refer the appeal to an Administrative Law Judge to conduct a confidential hearing pursuant to the procedures set forth under sections 556 and 557 of title 5, United States Code, which hearing shall take place not later than 60 days after the petition for review was received by the Director, and to issue a proposed decision to the Director based upon the record established at such hearing. ‘‘(2) STANDARD OF REVIEW .—In rendering a determination or recommendation under this subsection, neither the Administrative Law Judge nor the Director shall defer to the opinions of the examiner or agency, but shall conduct a de novo review to independently determine the appropriateness of the agency’s decision based upon the relevant statutes, regulations, and other appropriate guidance, as well as evidence adduced at any hearing. ‘‘(d) FINAL DECISION .—A decision by the Director on an independent review under this section shall— ‘‘(1) be made not later than 60 days after the record has been closed; and ‘‘(2) subject to subsection (e), be deemed a final agency action and shall bind the agency whose supervisory determination was the subject of the review and the financial institution requesting the review. ‘‘(e) LIMITED REVIEW BY FFIEC.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—If the agency whose supervisory determination was the subject of the review believes that the Director’s decision under subsection (d) would pose an imminent threat to the safety and soundness of the financial institution, such agency may file a written notice seeking review of the Director’s decision with the Council within 10 days of receiving the Director’s decision. ‘‘(2) STANDARD OF REVIEW .—In making a determination under this subsection, the Council shall conduct a review to determine whether there is substantial evidence that the Director’s decision would pose an imminent threat to the safety and soundness of the financial institution. ‘‘(3) FINAL DETERMINATION .—A determination by the Council shall— ‘‘(A) be made not later than 30 days after the filing of the notice pursuant to paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) be deemed a final agency action and shall bind the agency whose supervisory determination was the subject of the review and the financial institution requesting the review. ‘‘(f) RIGHT TO JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A financial institution shall have the right to petition for review of final agency action under this section by filing a Petition for Review within 60 days of the Director’s decision or the Council’s decision in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the Circuit in which the financial institution is located. ‘‘(g) REPORT .—The Director shall report annually to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on actions taken under this section, including the types of issues that the Director has reviewed and the results of those reviews. In no case shall such a report contain information about individual financial institutions or any confidential or privileged information shared by financial institutions. ‘‘(h) RETALIATION PROHIBITED .—A Federal financial institutions regulatory agency may not— ‘‘(1) retaliate against a financial institution, including service providers, or any institution affiliated party (as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act), for exercising appellate rights under this section; or ‘‘(2) delay or deny any agency action that would benefit a financial institution or any institutionaffiliated party on the basis that an appeal under this section is pending under this section. ‘‘(i) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) to affect the right of a Federal financial institutions regulatory agency to take enforcement or other supervisory actions related to a material supervisory determination under review under this section; or ‘‘(2) to prohibit the review under this section of a material supervisory determination with respect to which there is an ongoing enforcement or other supervisory action.’’. 
ADDITIONAL AMENDMENTS  SEC. 934. (a) R IEGLE COMMUNITY DEVELOP MENT AND REGULATORY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF  1994.—Section 309 of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4806) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting after ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ the following: ‘‘, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the appellant from retaliation by agency examiners’’ and inserting ‘‘the insured depository institution or insured credit union from retaliation by the agencies referred to in subsection (a)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following flush left text: ‘‘For purposes of this subsection and subsection (e), retaliation includes delaying consideration of, or withholding approval of, any request, notice, or application that otherwise would have been approved, but for the exercise of the institution’s or credit union’s rights under this section.’’; (3) in subsection (e)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) ensure that appropriate safeguards exist for protecting the insured depository institution or insured credit union from retaliation by any agency referred to in subsection (a) for exercising its rights under this subsection.’’; and (4) in subsection (f)(1)(A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) any issue specifically listed in an exam report as a matter requiring attention by the institution’s management or board of directors; and ‘‘(v) any suspension or removal of an institution’s status as eligible for expedited processing of applications, requests, notices, or filings on the grounds of a supervisory or compliance concern, regardless of whether that concern has been cited as a basis for another material supervisory determination or matter requiring attention in an examination report, provided that the conduct at issue did not involve violation of any criminal law; and’’. (b) FEDERAL CREDIT UNION ACT.—Section 205(j) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785(j)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’ before ‘‘the Administration’’ each place such term appears. (c) FEDERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION COUNCIL ACT OF 1978.—The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1003, by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) the term ‘Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies’— ‘‘(A) means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administration; and ‘‘(B) for purposes of sections 1012, 1013, and 1014, includes the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection;’’; and (2) in section 1005, by striking ‘‘Onefifth’’ and inserting ‘‘Onefourth’’. Subtitle XIII—TRID Improvement Act 
REQUIREMENTS  SEC. 936. Section 4(a) of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2603(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘itemize all charges’’ and inserting ‘‘itemize all actual charges’’; (2) by striking ‘‘and all charges imposed upon the seller in connection with the settlement and’’ and inserting ‘‘and the seller in connection with the settlement. Such forms’’; and (3) by inserting after ‘‘or both.’’ the following new sentence: ‘‘Charges for any title insurance premium disclosed on such forms shall be equal to the amount charged for each individual title insurance policy, subject to any discounts as required by State regulation or the title company rate filings.’’. Subtitle XIV—Common Sense Credit Union Capital Relief Act 
DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE  SEC. 938. Notwithstanding any effective date set forth in the rule issued by the National Credit Union Administration titled ‘‘RiskBased Capital’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 66626 (October 29, 2015)), such final rule shall take effect on January 1, 2021. Subtitle XV—Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection–Inspector General Reform Act 
APPOINTMENT OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  SEC. 939. The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in section 8G— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘For purposes of implementing this section’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection; and (C) in subsection (g)(3), by striking ‘‘and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; and (2) in section 12— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection;’’ after ‘‘the President of the ExportImport Bank;’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’ after ‘‘the ExportImport Bank,’’. 
THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTEC TION SEC. 940. (a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 1011 of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5491) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDDEPUTY DIRECTOR ’’ and inserting ‘‘, D EPUTYDIRECTOR , ANDINSPECTOR GENERAL ’’; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: ‘‘(6) INSPECTOR GENERAL .—There is established the position of the Inspector General.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘or Deputy Director’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘, Deputy Director, or Inspector General’’. (b) HEARINGS .—Section 1016 of such Act is amended by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR INSPEC TOR GENERAL .—On a separate occasion from that described in subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Bureau shall appear, upon invitation, before the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives at hearings no less frequently than twice annually, at a date determined by the chairman of the respective committee, regarding the reports required under subsection (b) and the reports required under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. (c) FUNDING FOR OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL.—Section 1017(a)(2) of such Act is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) FUNDING FOR OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GEN ERAL.—Each fiscal year, the Bureau shall dedicate 2 percent of the funds transferred pursuant to paragraph (1) to the Office of the Inspector General.’’. (d) PARTICIPATION IN THE COUNCIL OF INSPEC TORS GENERAL ON FINANCIAL OVERSIGHT .—Sec tion 989E(a)(1) of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) The Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection.’’. 
EFFECTIVE DATE  SEC. 941. The amendments made by this subtitle shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TRANSITION PERIOD  SEC. 942. The Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall serve in that position until the confirmation of an Inspector General for the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. At that time, the Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall become the Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Subtitle XVI—BCFP on Appropriations 
BUREAU APPROPRIATIONS  SEC. 943. (a) FISCAL YEAR2019.—The Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection may not request, under section 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, during fiscal year 2019 an amount that would result in the total amount requested by the Director during that fiscal year to exceed $485,000,000. (b) FISCAL YEAR2020 ANDTHEREAFTER .—Ef fective as of the first day of fiscal year 2020, section 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5497) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending the heading of such subsection to read as follows: ‘‘BUDGET , FINANCIAL  MANAGEMENT , ANDAUDIT.—’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (D) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1), as so redesignated; (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (3) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATION .— There authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2020 to the Bureau from the combined earnings of the Federal Reserve System $485,000,000.’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (2). Subtitle XVII—Stress Test Relief for Nonbanks 
STRESS TEST RELIEF FOR NONBANKS  SEC. 944. Section 165(i)(2) of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5365(i)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘are regulated by a primary Federal financial regulatory agency’’ and inserting: ‘‘whose primary financial regulatory agency is a Federal banking agency or the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Each Federal primary financial regulatory agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Each Federal banking agency and the Federal housing finance agency’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) SEC 
AND CFTC .—The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission may each issue regulations requiring financial companies with respect to which they are the primary financial regulatory agency to conduct periodic analyses of the financial condition, including available liquidity, of such companies under adverse economic conditions.’’. Subtitle XVIII—Interaffiliate Language 
INITIAL MARGIN REQUIREMENTS  SEC. 945. Section 15F(e)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–10(e)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The requirements’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The requirements’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) INITIAL MARGIN REQUIREMENT .—The ini tial margin requirements imposed by rules adopted pursuant to paragraphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii) shall not apply to any securitybased swap in which— ‘‘(i) one counterparty is a person in which the other counterparty, directly or indirectly, holds a majority ownership interest; or ‘‘(ii) a third party, directly or indirectly, holds a majority ownership interest in both counterparties.’’. Subtitle XIX—Tailored Application of Prudential Standards 
STANDARDS  SEC. 946. Section 165(a)(2)(A) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365(a)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘to ensure that companies with comparable risk profiles and business models are operating under a similar set of requirements’’. Subtitle XX—Authority to Remove Bureau Director 
AUTHORITY TO REMOVE BUREAU DIRECTOR  SEC. 947. Section 1011(c) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5491(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). Subtitle XXI—Congressional Review of Bureau Rulemaking 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF BUREAU RULEMAKING  SEC. 948. Chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 8—CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW OF BUREAU RULEMAKING3 ‘‘Sec. ‘‘801. Congressional review. ‘‘802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules. ‘‘803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules. ‘‘804. Definitions. ‘‘805. Judicial review. ‘‘806. Exemption for monetary policy. ‘‘807. Effective date of certain rules. ‘‘808. Regulatory cutgo requirement. ‘‘809. Review of rules currently in effect. ‘‘§ 801. Congressional review ‘‘(a)(1)(A) Before a rule may take effect, the Bureau shall satisfy the requirements of section 808 and shall publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the rule is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, and costbenefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such information online, and shall submit to each House of the Congress and to the Comptroller General a report containing— ‘‘(i) a copy of the rule; ‘‘(ii) a concise general statement relating to the rule; ‘‘(iii) a classification of the rule as a major or nonmajor rule, including an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each criteria for a major rule contained within sections 804(2)(A), 804(2)(B), and 804(2)(C); ‘‘(iv) a list of any other related regulatory actions intended to implement the same statutory provision or regulatory objective as well as the individual and aggregate economic effects of those actions; and ‘‘(v) the proposed effective date of the rule. ‘‘(B) On the date of the submission of the report under subparagraph (A), the Bureau shall submit to the Comptroller General and make available to each House of Congress— ‘‘(i) a complete copy of the costbenefit analysis of the rule, if any, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, differentiating between public and private sector jobs; ‘‘(ii) the Bureau’s actions pursuant to sections 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of this title; ‘‘(iii) the Bureau’s actions pursuant to sections 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995; and ‘‘(iv) any other relevant information or requirements under any other Act and any relevant Executive orders. ‘‘(C) Upon receipt of a report submitted under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and ranking member of each standing committee with jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(2)(A) The Comptroller General shall provide a report on each major rule to the committees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 calendar days after the submission or publication date. The report of the Comptroller General shall include an assessment of the Bureau’s compliance with procedural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assessment of whether the major rule imposes any new limits or mandates on privatesector activity. ‘‘(B) Federal agencies shall cooperate with the Comptroller General by providing information relevant to the Comptroller General’s report under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) A major rule relating to a report submitted under paragraph (1) shall take effect upon enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 802 or as provided for in the rule following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 802, whichever is later. ‘‘(4) A nonmajor rule shall take effect as provided by section 803 after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) If a joint resolution of approval relating to a major rule is not enacted within the period provided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint resolution of approval relating to the same rule may not be considered under this chapter in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. ‘‘(b)(1) A major rule shall not take effect unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of approval described under section 802. ‘‘(2) If a joint resolution described in subsection (a) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 session days or legislative days, as applicable, beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), then the rule described in that resolution shall be deemed not to be approved and such rule shall not take effect. ‘‘(c)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section (except subject to paragraph (3)), a major rule may take effect for one 90calendarday period if the President makes a determination under paragraph (2) and submits written notice of such determination to the Congress. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to a determination made by the President by Executive order that the major rule should take effect because such rule is— ‘‘(A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency; ‘‘(B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; ‘‘(C) necessary for national security; or ‘‘(D) issued pursuant to any statute implementing an international trade agreement. ‘‘(3) An exercise by the President of the authority under this subsection shall have no effect on the procedures under section 802. ‘‘(d)(1) In addition to the opportunity for review otherwise provided under this chapter, in the case of any rule for which a report was submitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occurring— ‘‘(A) in the case of the Senate, 60 session days; or ‘‘(B) in the case of the House of Representatives, 60 legislative days, before the date the Congress is scheduled to adjourn a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Congress first convenes its next session, sections 802 and 803 shall apply to such rule in the succeeding session of Congress. ‘‘(2)(A) In applying sections 802 and 803 for purposes of such additional review, a rule described under paragraph (1) shall be treated as though— ‘‘(i) such rule were published in the Federal Register on— ‘‘(I) in the case of the Senate, the 15th session day; or ‘‘(II) in the case of the House of Representatives, the 15th legislative day, after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes; and ‘‘(ii) a report on such rule were submitted to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to affect the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that a report shall be submitted to Congress before a rule can take effect. ‘‘(3) A rule described under paragraph (1) shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (including other subsections of this section). ‘‘§ 802. Congressional approval procedure for major rules ‘‘(a)(1) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution addressing a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii) that— ‘‘(A) bears no preamble; ‘‘(B) bears the following title (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘Approving the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’; ‘‘(C) includes after its resolving clause only the following (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘That Congress approves the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’; and ‘‘(D) is introduced pursuant to paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) After a House of Congress receives a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 801(a)(1)(A)(iii), the majority leader of that House (or his or her respective designee) shall introduce (by request, if appropriate) a joint resolution described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of the House of Representatives, within 3 legislative days; and ‘‘(B) in the case of the Senate, within 3 session days. ‘‘(3) A joint resolution described in paragraph (1) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdiction over the provision of law under which the rule is issued. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee or committees to which a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its introduction, such committee or committees shall be automatically discharged from further consideration of the resolution and it shall be placed on the calendar. A vote on final passage of the resolution shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolution is reported by the committee or committees to which it was referred, or after such committee or committees have been discharged from further consideration of the resolution. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee or committees to which a joint resolution is referred have reported, or when a committee or committees are discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint resolution, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in subsection (a), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the House of Representatives, if any committee to which a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has been referred has not reported it to the House at the end of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 legislative days to call up that joint resolution for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without intervening motion. It shall not be in order to reconsider the vote on passage. If a vote on final passage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(f)(1) If, before passing a joint resolution described in subsection (a), one House receives from the other a joint resolution having the same text, then— ‘‘(A) the joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee; and ‘‘(B) the procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolution received from the other House shall supplant the joint resolution of the receiving House. ‘‘(2) This subsection shall not apply to the House of Representatives if the joint resolution received from the Senate is a revenue measure. ‘‘(g) If either House has not taken a vote on final passage of the joint resolution by the last day of the period described in section 801(b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. ‘‘(h) This section and section 803 are enacted by Congress— ‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such is deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution described in subsection (a) and superseding other rules only where explicitly so; and ‘‘(2) with full recognition of the Constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. ‘‘§ 803. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules ‘‘(a) For purposes of this section, the term ‘joint resolution’ means only a joint resolution introduced in the period beginning on 
the date on which the report referred to in section 801(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘That Congress disapproves the nonmajor rule submitted by the lll relating to lll, and such rule shall have no force or effect.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). ‘‘(b) A joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be referred to the committees in each House of Congress with jurisdiction. ‘‘(c) In the Senate, if the committee to which is referred a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has not reported such joint resolution (or an identical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be discharged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. ‘‘(d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee to which a joint resolution is referred has reported, or when a committee is discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. ‘‘(2) In the Senate, debate on the joint resolution, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint resolution is not in order. ‘‘(3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in subsection (a), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. ‘‘(4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. ‘‘(e) In the Senate, the procedure specified in subsection (c) or (d) shall not apply to the consideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor rule— ‘‘(1) after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning with the applicable submission or publication date; or ‘‘(2) if the report under section 801(a)(1)(A) was submitted during the period referred to in section 801(d)(1), after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning on the 15th session day after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes. ‘‘(f) If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of that House described in subsection (a), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: ‘‘(1) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. ‘‘(2) With respect to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) of the House receiving the joint resolution— ‘‘(A) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but ‘‘(B) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. ‘‘§ 804. Definitions ‘‘For purposes of this chapter: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Bureau’ means the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. ‘‘(2) The term ‘major rule’ means any rule, including an interim final rule, that the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— ‘‘(A) an annual cost on the economy of $100,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for inflation; ‘‘(B) a major increase in costs or prices for consumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geographic regions; or ‘‘(C) significant adverse effects on competition, employment, investment, productivity, innovation, or on the ability of United States based enterprises to compete with foreignbased enterprises in domestic and export markets. ‘‘(3) The term ‘nonmajor rule’ means any rule that is not a major rule. ‘‘(4) The term ‘rule’ has the meaning given such term in section 551, except that such term does not include— ‘‘(A) any rule of particular applicability, including a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or allowances therefore, corporate or financial structures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the foregoing; ‘‘(B) any rule relating to Bureau management or personnel; or ‘‘(C) any rule of Bureau organization, procedure, or practice that does not substantially affect the rights or obligations of nonBureau parties. ‘‘(5) The term ‘submission date or publication date’, except as otherwise provided in this chapter, means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a major rule, the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a nonmajor rule, the later of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 801(a)(1); and ‘‘(ii) the date on which the nonmajor rule is published in the Federal Register, if so published. ‘‘§ 805. Judicial review ‘‘(a) No determination, finding, action, or omission under this chapter shall be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a court may determine whether the Bureau has completed the necessary requirements under this chapter for a rule to take effect. ‘‘(c) The enactment of a joint resolution of approval under section 802 shall not be interpreted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Congress for the promulgation of a rule, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or procedural, against any alleged defect in a rule, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding concerning a rule except for purposes of determining whether or not the rule is in effect. ‘‘§ 806. Exemption for monetary policy ‘‘Nothing in this chapter shall apply to rules that concern monetary policy proposed or implemented by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee. ‘‘§ 807. Effective date of certain rules ‘‘Notwithstanding section 801— ‘‘(1) any rule that establishes, modifies, opens, closes, or conducts a regulatory program for a commercial, recreational, or subsistence activity related to hunting, fishing, or camping; or ‘‘(2) any rule other than a major rule which the Bureau for good cause finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons therefore in the rule issued) that notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest, shall take effect at such time as the Bureau determines. ‘‘§ 808. Regulatory cutgo requirement ‘‘In making any new rule, the Bureau shall identify a rule or rules that may be amended or repealed to completely offset any annual costs of the new rule to the United States economy. Before the new rule may take effect, the Bureau shall make each such repeal or amendment. In making such an amendment or repeal, the Bureau shall comply with the requirements of subchapter II of chapter 5, but the Bureau may consolidate proceedings under subchapter with proceedings on the new rule. ‘‘§ 809. Review of rules currently in effect ‘‘(a) ANNUAL REVIEW .—Beginning on the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this section and annually thereafter for the 9 years following, the Bureau shall designate not less than 10 percent of eligible rules made by the Bureau for review, and shall submit a report including each such eligible rule in the same manner as a report under section 801(a)(1). Section 801, section 802, and section 803 shall apply to each such rule, subject to subsection (c) of this section. No eligible rule previously designated may be designated again. ‘‘(b) SUNSET FOR ELIGIBLE RULES NOTEXTENDED .—Beginning after the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this section, if Congress has not enacted a joint resolution of approval for that eligible rule, that eligible rule shall not continue in effect. ‘‘(c) CONSOLIDATION ; SEVERABILITY .—In ap plying sections 801, 802, and 803 to eligible rules under this section, the following shall apply: ‘‘(1) The words ‘take effect’ shall be read as ‘continue in effect’. ‘‘(2) Except as provided in paragraph (3), a single joint resolution of approval shall apply to all eligible rules in a report designated for a year, and the matter after the resolving clause of that joint resolution is as follows: ‘That Congress approves the rules submitted by the ll for the year ll.’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). ‘‘(3) It shall be in order to consider any amendment that provides for specific conditions on which the approval of a particular eligible rule included in the joint resolution is contingent. ‘‘(4) A member of either House may move that a separate joint resolution be required for a specified rule. ‘‘(d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘eligible rule’ means a rule that is in effect as of the date of enactment of this section.’’. 
SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES CODE  SEC. 949. Section 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT  
TO SECTION 802 OF TITLE 5 , UNITED STATES  
CODE .—Any rules subject to the congressional approval procedure set forth in section 802 of chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, affecting budget authority, outlays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effective unless it is not approved in accordance with such section.’’. 
RULES  SEC. 950. (a) INGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to determine, as of the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) how many rules (as such term is defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) of the Bureau were in effect; (2) how many major rules (as such term is defined in section 804 of title 5, United States Code) of the Bureau were in effect; and (3) the total estimated economic cost imposed by all such rules. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that contains the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
EFFECTIVE DATE  SEC. 951. Sections 948 and 949, and the amendments made by such sections, shall take effect beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE X EMAIL PRIVACY ACT 
VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE CORRECTIONS  SEC. 1001. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2702 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘while in electronic storage by that service’’ and inserting ‘‘that is in electronic storage with or otherwise stored, held, or maintained by that service’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘to the public’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘which is carried or maintained on that service’’ and inserting ‘‘that is stored, held, or maintained by that service’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘a provider of’’ and inserting ‘‘a person or entity providing’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘wire or electronic’’ before ‘‘communication’’; (B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) to an originator, addressee, or intended recipient of such communication, to the subscriber or customer on whose behalf the provider stores, holds, or maintains such communication, or to an agent of such addressee, intended recipient, subscriber, or customer;’’; and (C) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) with the lawful consent of the originator, addressee, or intended recipient of such communication, or of the subscriber or customer on whose behalf the provider stores, holds, or maintains such communication;’’; (3) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘wire or electronic’’ before ‘‘communications’’; (4) in each of subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘divulge’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose’’; and (5) in subsection (c), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) with the lawful consent of the subscriber or customer;’’. AMENDMENTS TO REQUIRED DISCLOSURE SECTION  SEC. 1002. Section 2703 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) through (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) CONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS IN ELECTRONIC STORAGE .—Except as provided in subsections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is in electronic storage with or otherwise stored, held, or maintained by that service only if the governmental entity obtains a warrant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(1) is issued by a court of competent jurisdiction; and ‘‘(2) may indicate the date by which the provider must make the disclosure to the governmental entity. In the absence of a date on the warrant indicating the date by which the provider must make disclosure to the governmental entity, the provider shall promptly respond to the warrant. ‘‘(b) CONTENTS OF WIRE OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS IN A REMOTE COMPUTING SERVICE.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of remote computing service of the contents of a wire or electronic communication that is stored, held, or maintained by that service only if the governmental entity obtains a warrant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(A) is issued by a court of competent jurisdiction; and ‘‘(B) may indicate the date by which the provider must make the disclosure to the governmental entity. In the absence of a date on the warrant indicating the date by which the provider must make disclosure to the governmental entity, the provider shall promptly respond to the warrant. ‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) is applicable with respect to any wire or electronic communication that is stored, held, or maintained by the provider— ‘‘(A) on behalf of, and received by means of electronic transmission from (or created by means of computer processing of communication received by means of electronic transmission from), a subscriber or customer of such remote computing service; and ‘‘(B) solely for the purpose of providing storage or computer processing services to such subscriber or customer, if the provider is not authorized to access the contents of any such communications for purposes of providing any services other than storage or computer processing. ‘‘(c) RECORDS CONCERNING ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION SERVICE OR REMOTE COMPUTING  SERVICE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (i) and (j), a governmental entity may require the disclosure by a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service of a record or other information pertaining to a subscriber to or customer of such service (not including the contents of wire or electronic communications), only— ‘‘(A) if a governmental entity obtains a warrant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) that— ‘‘(i) is issued by a court of competent jurisdiction directing the disclosure; and ‘‘(ii) may indicate the date by which the provider must make the disclosure to the governmental entity; ‘‘(B) if a governmental entity obtains a court order directing the disclosure under subsection (d); ‘‘(C) with the lawful consent of the subscriber or customer; or ‘‘(D) as otherwise authorized in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) SUBSCRIBER OR CUSTOMER INFORMA TION.—A provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service shall, in response to an administrative subpoena authorized by Federal or State statute, a grand jury, trial, or civil discovery subpoena, or any means available under paragraph (1), disclose to a governmental entity the— ‘‘(A) name; ‘‘(B) address; ‘‘(C) local and long distance telephone connection records, or records of session times and durations; ‘‘(D) length of service (including start date) and types of service used; ‘‘(E) telephone or instrument number or other subscriber or customer number or identity, including any temporarily assigned network address; and ‘‘(F) means and source of payment for such service (including any credit card or bank account number), of a subscriber or customer of such service. ‘‘(3) NOTICE NOT REQUIRED .—A governmental entity that receives records or information under this subsection is not required to provide notice to a subscriber or customer.’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) or’’; (B) by striking ‘‘the contents of a wire or electronic communication, or’’; (C) by striking ‘‘sought,’’ and inserting ‘‘sought’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) NOTICE .—Except as provided in section 2705, a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service may notify a subscriber or customer of a receipt of a warrant, court order, subpoena, or request under subsection (a), (b), (c), or (d) of this section. ‘‘(i) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO  LEGAL PROCESS .—Nothing in this section or in section 2702 shall limit the authority of a governmental entity to use an administrative subpoena authorized by Federal or State statute, a grand jury, trial, or civil discovery subpoena, or a warrant issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure (or, in the case of a State court, issued using State warrant procedures) by a court of competent jurisdiction to— ‘‘(1) require an originator, addressee, or intended recipient of a wire or electronic communication to disclose a wire or electronic communication (including the contents of that communication) to the governmental entity; ‘‘(2) require a person or entity that provides an electronic communication service to the officers, directors, employees, or 
agents of the person or entity (for the purpose of carrying out their duties) to disclose a wire or electronic communication (including the contents of that communication) to or from the person or entity itself or to or from an officer, director, employee, or agent of the entity to a governmental entity, if the wire or electronic communication is stored, held, or maintained on an electronic communications system owned, operated, or controlled by the person or entity; or ‘‘(3) require a person or entity that provides a remote computing service or electronic communication service to disclose a wire or electronic communication (including the contents of that communication) that advertises or promotes a product or service and that has been made readily accessible to the general public. ‘‘(j) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS .—Nothing in this section or in section 2702 shall limit the power of inquiry vested in the Congress by article I of the Constitution of the United States, including the authority to compel the production of a wire or electronic communication (including the contents of a wire or electronic communication) that is stored, held, or maintained by a person or entity that provides remote computing service or electronic communication service.’’. 
DELAYED NOTICE  SEC. 1003. Section 2705 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2705. Delayed notice ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—A governmental entity acting under section 2703 may apply to a court for an order directing a provider of electronic communication service or remote computing service to which a warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive under section 2703 is directed not to notify any other person of the existence of the warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive. ‘‘(b) DETERMINATION .—A court shall grant a request for an order made under subsection (a) for delayed notification of up to 180 days if the court determines that there is reason to believe that notification of the existence of the warrant, order, subpoena, or other directive will likely result in— ‘‘(1) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual; ‘‘(2) flight from prosecution; ‘‘(3) destruction of or tampering with evidence; ‘‘(4) intimidation of potential witnesses; or ‘‘(5) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or unduly delaying a trial. ‘‘(c) EXTENSION .—Upon request by a governmental entity, a court may grant one or more extensions, for periods of up to 180 days each, of an order granted in accordance with subsection (b).’’. 
RULE OF CONSTRUCTION  SEC. 1004. Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act shall be construed to preclude the acquisition by the United States Government of— (1) the contents of a wire or electronic communication pursuant to other lawful authorities, including the authorities under chapter 119 of title 18 (commonly known as the ‘‘Wiretap Act’’), the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or any other provision of Federal law not specifically amended by this Act; or (2) records or other information relating to a subscriber or customer of any electronic communication service or remote computing service (not including the content of such communications) pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), chapter 119 of title 18 (commonly known as the ‘‘Wiretap Act’’), or any other provision of Federal law not specifically amended by this Act. TITLE XI AMATEUR RADIO PARITY ACT SEC. 1101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) More than 730,000 radio amateurs in the United States are licensed by the Federal Communications Commission in the amateur radio services. (2) Amateur radio, at no cost to taxpayers, provides a fertile ground for technical selftraining in modern telecommunications, electronics technology, and emergency communications techniques and protocols. (3) There is a strong Federal interest in the effective performance of amateur stations established at the residences of licensees. Such stations have been shown to be frequently and increasingly precluded by unreasonable private land use restrictions, including restrictive covenants. (4) Federal Communications Commission regulations have for three decades prohibited the application to stations in the amateur service of State and local regulations that preclude or fail to reasonably accommodate amateur service communications, or that do not constitute the minimum practicable regulation to accomplish a legitimate State or local purpose. Commission policy has been and is to require States and localities to permit erection of a station antenna structure at heights and dimensions sufficient to accommodate amateur service communications. (5) The Commission has sought guidance and direction from Congress with respect to the application of the Commission’s limited preemption policy regarding amateur service communications to private land use restrictions, including restrictive covenants. (6) There are aesthetic and common property considerations that are uniquely applicable to private land use regulations and the community associations obligated to enforce covenants, conditions, and restrictions in deedrestricted communities. These considerations are dissimilar to those applicable to State law and local ordinances regulating the same residential amateur radio facilities. (7) In recognition of these considerations, a separate Federal policy than exists at section 97.15(b) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, is warranted concerning amateur service communications in deedrestricted communities. (8) Community associations should fairly administer private land use regulations in the interest of their communities, while nevertheless permitting the installation and maintenance of effective outdoor amateur radio antennas. There exist antenna designs and installations that can be consistent with the aesthetics and physical characteristics of land and structures in community associations while accommodating communications in the amateur radio services. 
SEC. 1103. APPLICATION OF PRIVATE LAND USE RESTRICTIONS TO AMATEUR STATIONS. 
(a) A MENDMENT OF FCC R ULES.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Commission shall amend section 97.15 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, by adding a new paragraph that prohibits the application to amateur stations of any private land use restriction, including a restrictive covenant, that— (1) on its face or as applied, precludes communications in an amateur radio service; (2) fails to permit a licensee in an amateur radio service to install and maintain an effective outdoor antenna on property under the exclusive use or control of the licensee; or (3) does not constitute the minimum practicable restriction on such communications to accomplish the lawful purposes of a community association seeking to enforce such restriction. (b) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In amending its rules as required by subsection (a), the Commission shall— (1) require any licensee in an amateur radio service to notify and obtain prior approval from a community association concerning installation of an outdoor antenna; (2) permit a community association to prohibit installation of any antenna or antenna support structure by a licensee in an amateur radio service on common property not under the exclusive use or control of the licensee; and (3) subject to the standards specified in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), permit a community association to establish reasonable written rules concerning height, location, size, and aesthetic impact of, and installation requirements for, outdoor antennas and support structures for the purpose of conducting communications in the amateur radio services. 
SEC. 1104. AFFIRMATION OF LIMITED PREEMPTION OF STATE AND LOCAL LAND USE REGULATION. 
The Federal Communications Commission may not change section 97.15(b) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, which shall remain applicable to State and local land use regulation of amateur service communications. 
In this title: (1) COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION .—The term ‘‘community association’’ means any nonprofit mandatory membership organization composed of owners of real estate described in a declaration of covenants or created pursuant to a covenant or other applicable law with respect to which a person, by virtue of the person’s ownership of or interest in a unit or parcel, is obligated to pay for a share of real estate taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance, improvement, services, or other expenses related to common elements, other units, or any other real estate other than the unit or parcel described in the declaration. (2) TERMS DEFINED IN REGULATIONS .—The terms ‘‘amateur radio services’’, ‘‘amateur service’’, and ‘‘amateur station’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 97.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations. TITLE XII ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS 
REFERENCES TO ACT  SEC. 1201. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  SEC. 1202. Any reference to a ‘‘report accompanying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–792. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  SEC. 1203. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against the bill? No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–830, and pro forma amendments described in section 2 of House Resolution 996. Each further amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 2 of House Resolution 996, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BIGGS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,400,000)’’. Page 14, line 10, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,480,000)’’. Page 14, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,480,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Chairman C ALVERT  for their efforts on this legislation and, in fact, the entire committee. My amendment is simple. It re prioritizes taxpayer money by moving a small amount of funds from the Bureau of Land Management land acquisition account and redirecting them to the National Park Service maintenance backlog account. Over the years, Congress has sent billions of dollars into these accounts, allowing the Federal Government to acquire roughly 640 million acres. Today the Federal Government owns about 28 percent of all the lands in the United States, including about 40 percent of the land in my home State of Arizona. This ownership and the subsequent management of the 640 million acres comes at a great expense to the American taxpayer and poses overwhelming challenges for land managing agencies. The deferred maintenance backlog for the National Park Service—and I have here a list of those—totals nearly $12 billion. The National Mall alone is almost $800 million in deferred maintenance, and the Grand Canyon National Park is $350 million in deferred maintenance. The list goes on and on. Given these challenges, it defies logic that we would continue to spend millions of dollars to acquire more land that we can’t pay to maintain. So I instead incur just $1.4 million of the net yield on this with my amendment to start this process of paying for the backlog. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, investments in the Land and Water Conservation Fund support public land conservation and ensure access to all the outdoors for all Americans. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, all 50 States enjoy and appreciate access to this fund. The House bill provides $360 million which is $65 million below the fiscal year 2018 level. So this account has already seen a cut. So I think that the committee made it very clear. We are very concerned about deferred maintenance in the national parks. The FY18 budget provides a $40 million increase over the FY18 enacted levels for facility operations and maintenance. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. I want to acknowledge, our members on both sides of the aisle support more land acquisition funding, not less. That said, both sides of the aisle also recognize the maintenance backlog of our national parks is unacceptable. In this bill we tried to balance the bipartisan support for land acquisition with bipartisan support for maintaining and improving the conditions of facilities we already own. The gentleman from Arizona thinks we should direct a bit more to the National Park Service maintenance, and there is no debate that those needs are there. Madam Chair, I support the amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. I believe I have the right to close, Madam Chair, so I reserve the balance of my time until closing. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Chair, we have a problem when we can’t even agree on prioritizing $1.5 million additional money to maintain national parks. Washington, D.C., on the Mall alone, has $1 billion in maintenance backlog. And Arizona, for instance, has onehalf billion dollars in maintenance. California has over $2 billion in maintenance backlog, and I could go on and on. But that is not necessary because we all know that we need to refund the maintenance backlog, and I am only asking for $1.4 million of an additional $18 million that is going to the land acquisition fund. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, to the gentleman who is offering the amendment, I appreciate his goal of wanting to address backlog. I would love to address more of our national park’s backlog. But as I pointed out, the Land and Water Conservation Fund also has broad bipartisan support and has already taken a cut of $65 million below the FY18 budget level. So increasing access to our public lands for hunting, fishing, and other recreational activities has bipartisan support, just as addressing the deferred maintenance. So if we can see an increase in the 302(b) as we move forward in committee, I am sure the chairman would consider that, and I would be very much in support of working something out. But at this point, I am adamantly opposed to cutting the Land and Water Conservation Fund any further. With that, I would tell my colleagues to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–830. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000) (increased by $500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Madam Chair, my amendment would move $500,000 from the United States Fish and Wildlife general administration account to the National Wildlife Refuge program specifically for the wildlife and habitat management of invasive species. This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote, and I 
urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. Invasive species threaten native plant and animal species and their vital habitats. Currently, invasive species are the most frequently mentioned threat within the National Wildlife Refuge System Threats and Conflicts database and are a growing risk to our ecosystems. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is the only agency in the United States Government with the primary responsibility of the conservation of our Nation’s fish, wildlife, and plants. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service manages more than 561 refuges encompassing more than 150 million acres of habitat within the National Wildlife Refuge System. As of 2013, more than 2.4 million acres of the refuge system are impacted by invasive plants, including Lake Hatchineha in my home district in central Florida with approximately 1,715 invasive animal populations residing on the refuge lands. It is important we provide enough funds to enable the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to combat and reduce the harmful impact of invasive species. Again, this amendment would increase funds to combat invasive species that threaten native species in their vital habitat. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. b2000 Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I am happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment and to work with the rest of my colleagues to address a need for funding to battle the spread the harmful invasive species. I support an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from California for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 8, line 2, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 8, line 21, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,850,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment increasing funding for the Delaware River Basin Restoration Program. Protecting our Nation’s water supply is one of the major accomplishments of this legislation, and the Delaware River is a strong priority for the country. I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  and Chairman CALVERT for their support of this program and support of my bipartisan amendment I offer tonight with Congressman GOTTHEIMER , also of New Jersey. The Delaware River supplies water to over 15 million people and serves as the major source of drinking water for New Jersey, New York, Delaware, and Pennsylvania. Indeed, of the major cities across the globe, New York is considered to have the best quality water, and that is due to the Delaware River Basin. Federal policies governing our Nation’s waterways affect every State and the lives and health of every American. The interstate commerce generated by these multistate natural resources is squarely an important Federal prerogative. But the Delaware River’s national significance is only part of the story. This is a wise Federal investment. The Delaware River Basin generates $25 billion annually in economic activity, including agriculture, recreation, and ecotourism. Protecting our water and contributing to at least 600,000 jobs and over $10 billion in annual wages gives taxpayers a return on the investment we make with this vote. I have the honor of representing communities on the Delaware River in Hunterdon and Warren Counties in western New Jersey; and Congressman GOTTHEIMER , my Democratic cosponsor, also represents municipalities on the Delaware River in Warren and Sussex Counties. The Delaware River is a national asset. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the LanceGottheimer amendment, and I am deeply grateful for the support of the committee chair and the subcommittee chair. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment even though I am not opposed. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I commend Ranking Member MCCOLLUM and Chairman C ALVERT for their hard work on the Interior Appropriations bill, and also Ranking Member QUIGLEY and Chairman GRAVES for their work on the Financial Services Appropriations bill. But, unfortunately, I cannot support this misguided appropriations package. The bill before us today fails to fund critical domestic programs that safeguard our air and water or to adequately secure our elections. Last year, after an unprecedented attack on a democracy, we came to a bipartisan consensus on the need for funding election security and included $380 million in the Consolidated Appropriations Act. This year, the majority zeroed out the account for election security assistance. Given the indictments handed down by Special Counsel Mueller last week and the disgraceful performance by the President of the United States in Helsinki yesterday, I cannot think of a more important account to fund than one for election security. If the President of the United States is unwilling to stand up to Putin and defend our democracy, it is incumbent upon us as Members of a coequal branch of government to do so. This bill fails the American people in so many crucial ways, but if it fails to protect our elections, we risk eroding the vital accountability that undergirds our democracy. Madam Chair, we are at a critical juncture in our Nation’s history. Will America continue our leadership in the world as a beacon of democracy and integrity, or will we cower and bow to Russia and refuse to protect our election systems from their proven desire to interfere with our elections? Sadly, the bill before us fails to provide the resources necessary to meet that moment. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this appropriations package but not the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. The Delaware River Conservation Program leverages Federal funding by at least 2 to 1. That is exactly the kind of publicprivate partnership we should be fostering throughout the enterprise. That is why I support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I think what the gentleman from New Jersey is talking about is something that I am supportive of, but I am not supportive of the offset. As the gentleman is aware, our 302(b) allocation was levelfunded, and the 2018 omnibus bill provided $5 million to implement the Delaware Basin Conservation Act in FY19. An additional $5 million is provided, so it is a total of $10 million. The offset to the amendment is what I have an objection to, not the gentleman’s goals. The offset the gentleman 
uses does not require a oneforone match. The offset that he is using in order to move forward would reduce Fish and Wildlife Service construction by $3.85 million, and it has already been cut by $6 million. So the total cut to Fish and Wildlife construction would be $10 million at the end of the gentleman’s amendment. At this time, I am going to object to the amendment, but I would work with the gentleman and the chair to not only get a higher 302(b) allocation, but to find a different offset. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Madam Chair, unfortunately, the offset is larger than the increase because of the differences in outlay rates. Amendments must be outlay neutral, per House rules. Due to the work of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Chairman C ALVERT , the underlying bill already includes the second year of a 2year, $100 million funding surge in Fish and Wildlife Service construction funding, making it one of the best offsets possible as an option. This bipartisan amendment is crucial for preserving the Delaware River watershed, which is already subject to cuts in the Senate’s Interior Appropriations bill. Madam Chair, due to the importance of the Delaware River, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 14, line 10, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $300,000) (increased by $300,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, again, this is a simple amendment which would designate $300,000 within the operation of the National Park System for the New England National Scenic Trail. This is an amendment which was offered last year and was adopted by voice vote in an en bloc amendment. Again, the language is absolutely identical. By way of background, the New England Trail was designated as a National Scenic Trail in 2009, making it one of the newest of the Nation’s 11 National Scenic Trails. The trail is 223 miles long and winds through 41 communities in Connecticut and Massachusetts. Amazingly, nearly 2 million people live within 10 miles of the trail, making it one of the most accessible National Scenic Trails for one of the most densely populated parts of the country. It was passed in 2007. Congressman John Olver, RICHIE NEAL, JOHNLARSON , ROSA DELAURO , nowSenator C HRIS MURPHY , and I introduced and passed the law, the New England Scenic Trail Designation Act. Unfortunately, the trail has been woefully underfunded for the last 5 years. The trail system has received an average of $127,000 in funding, which is split three ways between the Connecticut Forest and Park Association, the Appalachian Mountain Club, and the National Park Service. Of the approximately $43,000 each entity receives, the vast majority goes to facility maintenance, volunteer coordination, community engagement, outreach to youth, and the trail’s landowner hosts. Impressively, much of the work that is done is supported by volunteers who put in more than 5,000 hours of maintenance activity annually. I would just note that the managers of the trail have done their best to leverage an impressive $1.53 million in nonFederal funding in 2015. So they actually have been very efficient and creative in terms of trying to leverage and maximize the support that is, again, far below what the national park trail feasibility study recommended back in 2005, when they recommended an annual budget of $271,000. Again, this is an amazing trail that goes through New England landscapes such as longdistance vistas with rural towns as a backdrop, farmlands, forests, and large river valleys. It also travels through colonial historical landmarks and highlights a range of diverse ecosystems and natural resources: mountain ridges and summits, forested glades, and wetlands. Again, I want to thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUMfor their support last year. I would urge passage of this identical amendment. It is supported by my colleagues in the region. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I support the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I appreciate the Member’s interest in the New England Scenic Trail and the National Park Service operations generally. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, silence is golden, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, this bipartisan amendment would restore $5 million to the National Park Service’s Historic Preservation Fund to achieve level funding from the 2018 fiscal year. This amendment continues the same spirit of bipartisanship that Congress displayed in 2016 when we reauthorized the Historic Preservation Fund through 2023 and that Congress displayed last year when we passed a similar amendment in this Chamber. Since the Historic Preservation Fund’s creation in 1966, Congress has allocated more than $2 billion to communities across the country to connect Americans to our history and to contribute to our sense of place. Historic preservation projects prioritize local workers, create more jobs per dollar spent than other construction projects, and use fewer carbon emissions than building anew. The Historic Preservation Fund includes funding for State historic preservation offices, which work with local communities to revitalize historic locations and protect American heritage. Importantly, State historic fund offices administer the historic rehabilitation tax credit, which, nationwide, has leveraged $131 billion in private investment and created 2.4 million jobs since its inception. It is that kind of high return leverage that the Historic Preservation Fund achieves. That explains why the program received the funding level in the 2018 omnibus that Mr. BLUMENAUER  seeks to restore. I would note that the omnibus was a bipartisan and bicameral agreement which the chair and ranking member supported. Again, this amendment does not seek to raise spending above the 2018 omnibus, which cleared both Houses with a healthy bipartisan vote and which was signed into law by President Trump last March. Madam Chair, I urge passage of the Blumenauer amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. b2015 Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, as the gentleman knows, I am a strong supporter of the National Park Service and the Historic Preservation Fund. While I have some concerns about the offset at the Office of the Secretary, this is a bipartisan amendment I can accept, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 15, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, which would increase the funding for competitive grants to preserve the sites and stories of the civil rights movement by $2.5 million. My district, the Seventh Congressional District, is also known as the Civil Rights District. Many historic events, from the bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church, to the Children’s March, to the Montgomery bus boycott, to Bloody Sunday, all took place in my district. These events are of national significance, and we are fortunate that the National Park Service is working with States, local communities, and nonprofits to preserve and interpret these stories. I am so grateful that the National Park Service has a strong presence in my district, and I have seen firsthand that they not only preserve the sites and stories of our great American history, but they also bring economic revitalization to the communities. In my hometown of Selma, Alabama, the National Park Service Selma Interpretive Center brings tourism dollars to a rural Black Belt county that would otherwise not have such economic development. In Birmingham, the civil rights monument is already playing a critical role in the downtown redevelopment. In fact, for every dollar invested in the national parks, $10 is generated in national economic activity. The National Park Service also supports more than a quarter million private sector jobs. Therefore, I believe that making a small, additional investment in the Historic Preservation Fund will yield great dividends and results in economic revitalization in communities across this country. The civil rights preservation fund has benefited civil rights sites from Iowa, to Nevada, to Massachusetts, and beyond. Grant projects from these additional funds would help provide for interpretation, education, surveys, oral history documentation, as well as physical preservation. It will also help lesser known civil rights sites get known. The National Park Service’s own 2008 study found that civil rights history and landmarks are underrepresented in the National Park System, so this grant will also give us an opportunity to increase the amount of money and funds that we give for historic preservation of civil rights sites. From reconstruction, to the era of Jim Crow, to the birth of the civil rights movement, to the current struggle for equality and justice, there is so much history that deserves to be preserved and interpreted for the benefit of future generations. I want to thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. CALVERT , and the ranking member, Ms. MCCOLLUM , for their help in preserving civil rights sites all across the United States. Now is the time to do that preservation. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), my friend, the Democratic assistant leader, who will also support increasing the Historic Preservation Fund. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the Sewell amendment. This proposal would increase funding for grants from the Historic Preservation Fund to preserve the sites and tell the stories of the civil rights movement. I want to thank my colleague TERRI SEWELL for her leadership on this issue, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support of this program in the past. First funded in fiscal year 2016, this program has met a great need in rural communities across our Nation that are struggling to preserve and protect their legacies. Last year, the program funded a $500,000 grant to preserve Trinity United Methodist Church, which will help secure the church’s legacy and preserve its history for future generations. I was a student at South Carolina State University in Orangeburg, South Carolina, during this time, and I know well the role that Trinity played in our meetings and our rallies, many of them attended by luminaries like Martin Luther King, Jr., Roy Wilkins, Thurgood Marshall, and many others. This is but one example of several successful grants in South Carolina and throughout the Nation. There is much more work to be done to fully preserve this history. Madam Chair, I strongly support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, to the gentlewoman, my colleague on the House Intelligence Committee, this is certainly an amendment I can accept. The gentlewoman and I have a history over the years of working together on this program, and I am happy to continue it. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I want to personally thank Chairman CALVERT as well as Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for working closely with me on this amendment. Madam Chair, I urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking member, Mr. CALVERT and Ms. M CCOLLUM , for their leadership on these issues of preservation. The Jackson Lee amendment increases grant funding by $500,000 so that organizations interested in historical preservation, especially in underrepresented communities, have the ability to study, survey, and nominate properties to the National Register of Historic Places. Due to lack of resources, certain communities are underrepresented in this process, so this amendment ensures that they have a greater opportunity. 
The Jackson Lee amendment ensures that sites important to our American history are no longer overlooked due to mere lack of resources. It accomplishes this goal by promoting research that uncovers information to assist in telling the full American story. Historical places create connections to our heritage that help understand our past, appreciate our triumphs, and learn from our mistakes. And they cover all of the cultural backgrounds, from African Americans, to Anglos, to Hispanics, and to Asians, all in this wonderful, diverse country who have had a story to tell, as well as Native Americans and many others. Such stories might otherwise be lost because urban renewal and outmigration of Blacks destroyed or led to the abandonment of many African American communities. Preservation helps recognize, save, revitalize, and protect Americans’ historic places, build communities, and foster education and pride. I am reminded of Freedmen’s Town in my home city and Emancipation Park, which was the first park bought in the entire State of Texas by freed slaves. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of Jackson Lee Amendment No. 8 to Division A of H.R. 6147, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. This Jackson Lee Amendment increases grant funding by $500 thousand so that organizations interested in historical preservation, especially in underrepresented communities, have the ability to study, survey, and nominate properties to the National Register of Historic Places. Due to lack of resources, certain communities are underrepresented in this process so this amendment ensures that is no longer the case. This Jackson Lee Amendment ensures that sites important to our American history are no longer overlooked due to mere lack of resources, it accomplishes this goal by promoting research that uncovers information to assist in telling the full American story. Historical places create connections to our heritage that help us understand our past, appreciate our triumphs, and learn from our mistakes. Madam Chair, by understanding and designating landmarks we stimulate local revitalization and foster interest in places that otherwise may go unnoticed, despite cultural and historic significance. By preserving historic sites that tell the story of Americans in this country, we draw attention to the contributions of both ordinary and extraordinary people. Such stories might otherwise be lost because urban renewal and the outmigration of blacks destroyed or led to the abandonment of many African American communities. Preservation helps to recognize, save, revitalize and protect America’s historic places, build communities, and foster education and pride. The Historic Preservation Fund (HPF) provides matching grants to State and Tribal historic preservation offices. These HPF grants are used to pay for research and surveys of historic sites, training for staff, and the work involved in nominating these sites to the National Register of Historic Places. In short, it makes preservation possible to communities that otherwise would not have the means to engage in the nominating process. The Jackson Lee amendment is essential because it provides funds to preserve sites that are directly connected to the Civil Rights Movement. For example, earlier this year I introduced H.R. 4745, the Emancipation National Historic Trail Act that seeks a federal designation of the Emancipation National Historic Trail. The Emancipation National Historic Trail extends approximately 51 miles and marks the migration of newly freed slaves, who, upon learning of the Emancipation Proclamation two years after the President had signed it into law, departed from what is now the Osterman Building and Reedy Chapel in Galveston, and charted a course along Texas State Highway 3 and Interstate Highway 45 North to Freedmen’s Town and Emancipation Park in Houston. Increasing grant funding for this program would make projects like the Emancipation Trail possible. Madam Chair, it is imperative that we preserve and codify the historical record and memorialize significant events of our past. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for Jackson Lee Amendment No. 8 to Division A of H.R. 6147 as it is vital that we support the preservation of important sites. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I have no objections and urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for that, and I want to give an example that earlier this year I introduced H.R. 4745, the Emancipation National Historic Trail Act, that seeks Federal designation of the Emancipation National Historic Trail, that it would extend 51 miles and mark the migration of newly freed slaves. But, more importantly, it takes us from Captain Granger in Galveston, who brought the slaves in Texas who were freed in 1865, 2 years after the Emancipation Proclamation, and it tracks the historic markers all the way to Freedmen’s Town and Emancipation Park. This is an opportunity not only for the communities to be joined together but, again, to reemphasize history that is intertwined. A study shows the connection between culture, heritage, and tourism, and that 37 percent of global tourism has a cultural motivation, and 57 percent of travelers are strongly influenced by history and culture in their choice of holiday destination. This will help underserved communities. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . CLYBURN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 15, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, this amendment would increase by $2 million the Historic Preservation Fund to restore and preserve buildings and sites on the campuses of Historically Black Colleges and Universities. It is offset by a minor reduction in the administration account for the Department of the Interior. Most HBCUs were founded after the Civil War to provide higher education to African Americans, most of whom were newly freed from slavery. These institutions continue to serve a vital purpose and have deep historical connections with African Americans and American history. Most of them have sites and structures of historical significance that are in dire need of restoration and preservation. Early in my tenure in Congress, I worked with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus and in leadership of this committee and the Committee on Natural Resources to authorize and appropriate funds to the GAO to study the breadth of this issue. The GAO identified 712 endangered historic buildings at an approximate cost of restoration of $755 million. My amendment today will increase the funding in the bill for this important program by $2 million, to a total of $7 million, still $3 million below the level authorized by the Housepassed bill. I have seen the transformational power of historic preservation in my congressional district, where buildings like Ministers’ Hall at Claflin University and Chappelle Auditorium at Allen University were restored after decades of abandonment to their original glory as iconic institutions of their communities. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Madam Chair, I rise today as a supporter and cosponsor of this amendment, which would add $2 million for the Historic Preservation Fund grants for Historically Black Colleges and Universities. HBCUs have always been a hub for bright, young African Americans to come together and to promote both individual development and community development. These institutions are national treasures, and their legacy and history deserves to be protected for the benefit of future generations. The Historic Preservation Fund grants for HBCUs are a perfect tool to help these institutions protect their historic civil rights sites and buildings, and I look forward to continuing to work with the 14 HBCUs in my home State of Alabama to seek these funds. Madam Chair, I again thank Assistant Leader CLYBURN for his leadership on this matter over the years. I thank him for the opportunity to speak on this amendment. I also thank the chairman and ranking member. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, may I ask how much time I have left. The CHAIR. The gentleman from South Carolina has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the subcommittee. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I am honored to stand up and support Historically Black Colleges and Universities and, as has been pointed out, the important role that they play in our education system. Adding additional resources to preserve these structures on these campuses is necessary to maintain them. Madam Chair, I am very honored to represent many people from the Oromo community who are proud alumni from HBCUs. I stand with the gentleman to make sure that we have the resources needed for African American preservation and history, not only to have passed along our appreciation of our Nation’s history to future generations, but to give the next generation great buildings to be educated in. b2030 Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Chair, I thank Ranking Member MCCOLLUM . I thank the chairman of the subcommittee, Ms. SEWELL , and Congresswoman ADAMS for their support of this legislation. As a proud graduate of an HBCU, with a daughter who is an HBCU graduate, I am very much supportive of restoring and preserving the tremendous history of these institutions. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, the gentleman and I have a history over the years of working together to support HBCUs. I thank the gentleman for working with me on this issue and with the ranking member, and I urge the adoption of this amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of this committee for their commitment to historic preservation. Since 1837, Historically Black Colleges and Universities have served the needs of higher education for the African American community. The first HBCUs were established in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, and Tennessee. After the Civil War, there was an influx of HBCU establishments throughout the Southeast, Midwest, and Southwest. The Jackson Lee amendment provides an additional $1 million for the Historic Preservation Fund, and within that fund to be allocated to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, institutions that are uniquely American, fundamentally historical, and distinctly beneficial to the American culture and history. In my State of Texas, it joins with any number of States throughout the United States in the North, the South, the East, and the West. Interestingly, these schools are not relegated to the South. They are actually all over the United States, and they are older structures. For those of us who visited these schools, we recognize the importance of continuing to preserve their historic structure. I mentioned earlier that there are great results in funding and profits for those who can provide historic opportunities for travelers to visit. In 2017, Congress appropriated $4 million for the Historic Preservation Fund to rehabilitate historic structures on campuses of HBCUs that are listed in the National Register of Historic Places either individually or as contributing to the National Register of Historic Places. I can assure you that these are great assets to America. The projects must meet major program selection criteria, and all work must meet the Secretary of the Interior’s standards and guidelines for archeology and historic preservation. Simply, what we are doing is allowing our history to be preserved. The network of more than 100 historic institutions, established as early as 1837 for former slaves and by former slaves and freedmen, contain repositories of important books, papers, and memorabilia of Black history. Black history, as other history, is American history, and the opportunity to preserve it and to continue to expand the opportunity to improve buildings that will now educate this generation of students is an important role for us to play. Madam Chair, I rise in support of Jackson Lee Amendment No. 10 to Division A of H.R. 6147, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Financial Services Appropriations Act of 2019. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 10 provides an additional $1,000,000 for the Historic Preservation Fund to be allocated to Historically Black Colleges and Universities—institutions that are uniquely American, fundamentally historical, and distinctly beneficial to American culture and history. Since 1837, Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) have served the needs of higher education for the African American community. The first HBCUs were established in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, and Tennessee. After the Civil War there was an influx of HBCU establishment throughout the Southeast, Midwest, and Southwest. Since the 1990s, the National Park Service has awarded over $60 million in grants to over 80 of the remaining active HBCUs. These grants work to preserve the historic structures on HBCU campuses, many of which are listed in the National Register of Historic Places. In 2017, Congress appropriated $4 million from the Historic Preservation Fund to rehabilitate historic structures on campuses of HBCUs that are listed in the National Register of Historic Places either individually or as contributing to a National Register historic district. Projects must meet major program selection criteria and all work must meet the Secretary of the Interior’s Standards and Guidelines for Archeology and Historic Preservation. HBCUs represent a significant place in American history. This network of more than 100 historic institutions established as early as 1837 for former slaves and freedmen contain repositories of important books, papers and memorabilia of Black history. In addition, HBCUs served as meeting places during the civil rights struggles of the 1900s. Against substantial odds, HBCUs have played a unique role in transforming the landscape of higher education in the United States, and continue to prepare the African American professional and civic leaders needed by communities, employers and the nation. In 2013, HBCUs comprised 3 percent of all four and twoyear colleges and universities, but enrolled 10 percent of African American 
undergraduates, produced 18 percent of the nation’s African American college graduates, and generated 25 percent of African Americans with bachelor degrees in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) fields. Created to educate black students at a time when society had yet to integrate, historically black colleges and universities (HBCU’s) have had an outsize impact on the success of the black community and therefore the American community as a whole. HBCUs do not only educate—HBCUs have and will continue to fill an important role in education opportunity and engagement for millions of young people from diverse backgrounds. Ensuring HBCUs receive the funds necessary to succeed enriches our culture as a nation and promotes a more complete history of our country to be preserved. Emphasizing the importance of diversity is the best way to tell the complete story of the American experience, and when the American story is told by all of those who helped shape its success as a nation, we perpetuate American exceptionalism. Madam Chair, our HBCUs are not just academic institutions, rather, incubators that stimulate black excellence that, more importantly, preserve the rich and true history of those of African descent—again, contributing to the fabric of American culture as a whole. Texas Southern University, an outstanding HBCU, is a major contribution and asset to the 18th District, serving as a distinct example of the benefits that these institutions offer to the community. HBCUs not only enjoy historical campuses, but they are also repositories of expertise on American History. In a 1998 study, more than 100 HBCUs identified 712 historic properties that were owned by the schools in responses to a survey from the U.S. Government Office of Accountability. Nearly half of those buildings, 323, are on the National Register of Historic Places indicating significance in American history, and the others were eligible for the national register based on surveys by state historic preservation officers or considered historic by the colleges and universities. According to the surveys at that time, 103 HBCUs estimated $755 million in costs to restore and preserve the properties, such as improving accessibility to people with disabilities, roof replacement and removing leadbased paint or asbestos, both known for containing cancercausing material. Routine maintenance costs were not part of the estimates. We, as a nation, have a responsibility to foster education, culture, knowledge, diversity and leadership; and with that, Mr. Chairman, we have a responsibility to ensure that HBCUs continue to serve as repositories of American History and thrive as academic institutions and continue to benefit society as a whole. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for Jackson Lee Amendment No. 10. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the gentlewoman’s amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I am happy to continue to work with the gentlewoman from Texas on this program and others, and I have no objection. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I thank Mr. CALVERT , and, again, I thank the ranking member who has been so gracious. I believe Texas Southern University—not as old as 1837—Prairie View A&M, and others throughout the Nation will benefit from preserving these historic buildings, and, as well, providing them as a source of learning for everyone around the Nation. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . OLSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. OLSON. Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of Congressman TEDPOE to speak on behalf of his amendment. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000)(increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. OLSON. Madam Chair, we have a class of American warships that haven’t been built since World War II. They are called battleships. America made 64 battleships. Only seven survived World War II. They are the North Carolina, Alabama, Massachusetts, Iowa, New Jersey, Missouri, and Wisconsin. But one survived World War II and World War I. This ship is special. It is the Battleship Texas. She is over 104 years old. She was commissioned on March 12 of 1914. She patrolled the Atlantic during the First World War. She is the first American ship with antiaircraft guns. She is the first battleship that had directors and rangekeepers to lock on with their 10 14inch main batteries. There she is today. She has made history in our Navy. March 1919, Lieutenant Commander Edward McDonnell took a British Sopwith Camel off turret number 3, Naval aviation was born. The wings of gold started on the USS Texas. The skipper of the Texas was so impressed. He noticed those planes could see splashes for the weapons. They could target with aircraft. That meant the Texas would be the first ship ever to launch planes to recover as spy mechanisms during a war. The Texas was at Casco Bay, Maine, on December 7, 1941, the day Japan bombed Pearl Harbor. In the Atlantic Ocean, on October 23, 1942, as part of Operation Torch, the invasion of French Morocco, the Texas bombed and bombed and bombed the enemy. June 6, 1944, at 5:50 a.m., the Texas roared to life with a constant bombardment of all the weapons—225 14inch rounds hit the Germans in 34 minutes. June 7, the next day, she is off the cliffs of Pointe Du Hoc where the rangers were in a dogfight for their lives being shot at from above. The Texas launched two Higgins boats, supplied the rangers with more weapons, and brought the wounded home. That may have been a natural fit. And the command of those rangers was a Texan, a proud Texas Aggie, Earl Rudder. On the beaches that day, my colleague, TEDPOE’s father, Virgil Poe, heard the Texas roar and saw the flame come out of the big guns. When the war in Europe with Hitler went ashore, the Texas redeployed to the Pacific. On February 16, she pounded the Japanese on Iwo Jima for 3 straight days before the Marine Corps landed. March 1945, 6 straight days of bombing Okinawa cleared the way for the Army and Marines to take that island back. The Texas struck the Naval record as a registered vessel on April 20 of 1948. She was given to my home State, the State of Texas. She is now the flagship of the Texas Navy, Admiral TEDPOE’s flagship. Our colleague, TED, is an admiral of the Texas Navy. She is moored right where Texas won independence, the San Jacinto Monument, right there southwest of Houston, Texas. But sadly, inaction in D.C. and in Texas has done what the German Kaiser, General Mussolini, Adolf Hitler, and General Tojo could not do. The Texas is sinking. Rust and time are winning. The Texas still has a heart of a warship. She twice set sail during Hurricane Ike. She and all these battleships deserve to be saved. It is time to heave up and trice up. Vote for this amendment, and save our battleships. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 115–830. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000) (increased by $250,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Michigan. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment to H.R. 6147, the Interior Appropriations Act, which I am proud to introduce with my friend and colleague from Michigan, Congressman JOHN MOOLENAAR . Our amendment would provide funding to continue and advance the great science that is being done in the U.S. Geological Survey’s Fisheries Program. We need more research to protect important ecosystems, like the Great Lakes, from invasive species and better understand how to conserve and protect important fishery resources. The Great Lakes Science Center, which is strategically located near access fishery resources in communities across the eight Great Lakes States, would be an appropriate recipient of these additional resources. The Great Lakes are a way of life for so many across Michigan and many other States, including agriculture, commercial and sport fishing, transportation, shipping, power generation, recreation, and tourism. Whether you live, work, or vacation on the Great Lakes, we all benefit in preserving and conserving the Great Lakes for future generations. The Great Lakes Science Center would be able to adopt cuttingedge technologies to support fisheries management, native prey fish restoration, and invasive species control by deploying autonomous underwater systems to assess impacts of bottomdwelling invasive species on economically important fisheries and recreational resources. The Science Center would continue to do their work on piloting gene silencing techniques to control zebra and quagga mussels in lakes and rivers with nationwide applications. Fisheries science has been broadly recognized as a national and regional priority for many years, and nearly every action in the past has been to either maintain or increase the funding for the USGS fisheries assessments in the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes Fishery Program also has enjoyed long bipartisan support from Congress. b2045 The Great Lakes are a treasured national resource, with more than 20 percent of the world’s freshwater, 9,000 miles of shoreline, and supporting a $16 billion outdoor recreation economy. It is critical we maintain funding to continue the United States Geological Survey’s research and to enhance exploration in cuttingedge technologies to support fisheries management, native prey fish restoration, and invasive species control that is being done at the Great Lakes Science Center. Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I am happy to support the gentlewoman from Michigan in her quest. The Great Lakes Science Center has bipartisan support for the role it plays in protecting the economic and environmental health of the Great Lakes region. Madam Chair, I support my colleague’s amendment, urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and I thank the ranking member, Representative MCCOLLUM , who shares the love of the Great Lakes with me. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, this amendment designates $100,000 in funding to the United States Geological Survey so that they can create a searchable map showing occurrences of an iron sulfide material known as pyrrhotite nationwide. Pyrrhotite is a material that has, unfortunately, shown up in concrete quarries in New England and Canada. When it is mixed into the aggregate poured into the foundations of homes, over a period of time, because it is an iron material and exposed to moisture, it actually rusts, expands, and cracks, basically causing a catastrophic collapse of the foundation. In Connecticut, there are estimates that as high as 19,000 homes that have been infected with pyrrhotite material. It spread into western Massachusetts and three rivers in Quebec. The whole community of thousands of people have been devastated by the presence of this material. The Trump administration and the Treasury Department actually recognized last November a property casualty loss tax guidance that allows homeowners who basically have to spend about $200,000 to repair their homes—because they have to lift the house, pull out the old foundation, and pour a new foundation—to claim it as a property casualty loss deduction. Last month, Dr. Ben Carson from HUD came up and did a tour of these homes. It is a devastating occurrence, and it has potential nationwide consequences. The United States Navy actually has a bidding process out right now through its SBIR program to come up with a testing mechanism. They calculate that they basically own about 300,000 structures throughout the United States. They want to have a system for testing for the presence of pyrrhotite. I brought a picture, which shows the effects of the catastrophe. This is a home where the house was lifted. The material of the foundation is so badly compromised that the contractor can actually pull it apart by hand, it is that serious. This amendment would allow the United States Geological Survey to create a searchable database nationally that would allow us to identify this. The Office of Congressional Affairs contacted our office and indicated that they do have the capacity to develop a national pyrrhotite map, but it is not in their current plan. This amendment, which is also supported by Mr. LARSON from Connecticut’s First District, would direct that priority. Madam Chair, I urge passage of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I support this amendment. I will work with the gentleman to address this issue with the United States Geological Survey and learn more about where this mineral occurs. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman for his consideration of this amendment. It is a very serious problem and much appreciated in the New England area. I thank the ranking member, Ms. MCCOLLUM , for her support as well. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. GABBARD. Madam Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ), and I have an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,798,500)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,908,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii. Ms. GABBARD. Madam Chair, this amendment would increase the United States Geological Survey’s surveys, investigations, and research account by $4,798,500 to accommodate for impacts caused by recent volcanic eruptions. The offset for this modest increase comes from the Interior Secretary’s administrative account. On May 8, 2018, in my district, the Kilauea Volcano on the Big Island, Hawaii, began erupting. The volcanic activity and destruction has yet to stop or wane. It has destroyed over 700 homes, forcing thousands of people to evacuate, to seek emergency aid and shelter, and to somehow find a new future for their lives. There has never been a more critical time where the United States Geological Survey’s Volcano Hazards Program on Hawaii island has been sorely needed; however, their office was severely damaged by the seismic activity from the ongoing volcanic eruptions. Hawaii island itself has seen hundreds of these types of seismic eruptions over the last month and a half. As a result, the staff currently occupy empty spaces at University of Hawaii at Hilo, like classrooms, or they telework, undermining their quality of work, with the staff potentially putting their lives at risk. The United States Geological Survey provides essential information for the health, safety, and wellbeing of people all across the State of Hawaii, and in neighboring locations such as the Marshall Islands, which has been blanketed by volcanic smog following the Kilauea eruption. To most effectively do their job, this team needs a workplace where they can house their equipment, conduct research, and most effectively uphold their mission, which is to enhance public safety and minimize social and economic disruption. This amendment will provide the necessary resources for this team to at least temporarily relocate to a suitable location and continue to carry out their lifesaving historic work. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to help us immediately address this situation and pass our amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, it is my understanding that the United States Geological Survey is in its early stages of discussing temporary spaces but that, eventually, the United States Geological Survey may have to develop a longterm solution for the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory. I encourage the Department of the Interior, the United States Geological Survey, and the National Park Service to work together to develop a plan for the future observatory because operating the HVO out of the Hawaii Volcanoes National Park was a costeffective solution for many years. Madam Chair, in the meantime, I certainly support my colleague’s amendment. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GABBARD. Madam Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their support for this very timely and important resolution. I have been on the ground there and have seen how the United States Geological Survey’s HVO is literally monitoring the activity 24 hours a day, sending out realtime updates to people whose lives and homes and farms hang in the balance. Unfortunately, the volcanic activity that we are seeing there right now is continuing at a very aggressive rate with no end in sight, so his support for this amendment comes at a critical time, and I really appreciate it on behalf of my constituents there. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 19, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,022,728)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of my bipartisan amendment that would provide $1 million for the United States Geological Survey to eradicate grass carp in the Great Lakes. Grass carp are an invasive species, one of the four species of Asian carp that pose an immediate threat to the Great Lakes and its coastal wetlands. Since being introduced in Lake Erie, the grass carp population has been increasing, threatening our coastal wetlands and our region’s economy that relies so heavily on the health of the Great Lakes. Our coastal wetlands are important to Michigan’s environment and the wildlife they serve as a natural water filter and habitat for fish and waterfowl. Since 2010, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which has been supported by Democrats and Republicans in Congress, has helped to restore the wetlands the grass carp are now consuming. The immediate threat of grass carp in Lake Erie jeopardizes the investment and the goals of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. This amendment is simple. It empowers and funds the United States Geological Survey to track and monitor grass carp so that we can stop their spread in the Great Lakes. By passing this amendment, the United States Geological Survey would have additional resources to find out where grass carp are breeding so we can know how to stop their invasion and remove them from the Great Lakes. Funding from this amendment will double our efforts in Lake Erie to ensure we protect our coastal wetlands, our wildlife, and the Great Lakes themselves. With this amendment, we have an opportunity to address this urgent threat of invasive species such as grass carp. Madam Chair, I thank my friend from Michigan, Congressman WALBERG , for working with me on this bipartisan amendment. I also thank our friends on the Appropriations Committee—Congresswoman KAPTUR , Congressman JOYCE , and Congressman M OOLENAAR — who have also been involved and helped on this. And I, of course, thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for their efforts in working with us on ensuring that this amendment receives fair consideration. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, we can accept the gentleman’s amendment. The committee takes invasive species threats seriously. We spent a lot of time on Asian carp in our committee in prevention efforts throughout the bill. It is a bipartisan effort. Everyone is very concerned about this. We are talking about a bounty program, possibly, to go after these things. Let’s go do it. I accept the gentleman’s amendment, but I will be working with him and the rest of my colleagues to ensure that Asian carp and grass carp control and prevention efforts are effectively coordinated across the agencies within our jurisdiction. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for his support, and I 
thank Chairman C ALVERT and Ranking Member MCCOLLUM for their efforts in dealing with this really important issue. It is particularly important to those of us who live in the Great Lakes region, but it is important to all of us. This is really not only a question of maintaining this ecosystem, but it is important to our economy. Madam Chair, I thank all of my colleagues for their support. I urge the passage of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). The amendment was agreed to. b2100 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 115–830. For what purpose does the gentleman from Ohio seek recognition? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. Does the gentleman have an amendment at the desk? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I do have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 27, line 10, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Does the gentleman have a modification to his amendment? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. The CHAIR. Will the gentleman submit his modification to the desk? Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Amendment No. 17. Sixteen and 17 are being combined. The CHAIR. Is the modification at the desk? Ms. MCCOLLUM. Point of parliamentary inquiry. Could our side have an opportunity to look at the amendment? We haven’t had an opportunity to see it. We do not know whether or not we would object. It might be a friendly amendment to us. 
AND 17 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF OHIO EN  
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent that amendment Nos. 16 and 17 be considered en bloc. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chair, I offer amendments en bloc. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc consisting of amendment Nos. 16 and 17 printed in House Report 115–830, offered by Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF OHIO  Page 27, line 10, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $30,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $30,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF OHIO  Page 27, line 19, strike ‘‘3’’ and insert ‘‘6’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Madam Chairman, I thank the Chair for consideration of combining these two amendments. The amendments before us today help restore and continue important grant funding that will provide level funding for the same number of States currently funded by the Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation Economic Development Pilot Program, which is used for the reclamation of abandoned mine lands in conjunction with economic and community development and reuse goals. These amendments are about ensuring the AML Economic Development Program continues to be appropriately funded and continues to afford the same grant opportunities to all currently eligible States. Similar amendments offered by Representative GRIFFITH have passed the House in the last 2 years, and the Senate FY19 Interior & Environment Appropriations bill contains similar language and funding amounts. Funding for these economic reclamation grants was established in fiscal year 2016 by Chairman ROGERS , and it provided opportunities for some of the hardhit areas of Appalachia to not only restore the land, but also allow additional appropriated funds to be used for economic purposes, and they helped provide a way to prepare the land for community development. These amendments carry on that goal; they maintain the status quo. And let me stress the point: these amendments are not designed to take money away from the top three States receiving funding in the underlying bill. Our intent is that the first three States will continue to receive the amount currently appropriated in the underlying bill. The additional money provided with these amendments are meant for the next three States and is to be divided equally, so that the next three States receive $10 million each, the same amount they have received over the last 2 years. I have worked with the Appropriations Committee to ensure these amendments will do just that and that this additional support for one Appalachian community does not come at the expense of another. I urge my colleagues to support these important amendments. They are important to not only Ohio, but to the many States and coal communities throughout Appalachia. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BUDD). The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment that takes more money from an already starved EPA account. This bill already severely cuts the Environmental Protection Agency’s operating account by more than $100 million. The air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by the funding and policy decisions that are made in this bill, and the consequences will be negatively felt in communities across this Nation. It is unfortunate that our 302(b) allocation was level funded, and I am sorry to hear that the gentleman’s account in which he is trying to restore funding also received a cut. I often know that cutting the EPA is an easy target for many of my colleagues across the aisle, Mr. Chair, but I want my colleagues to understand what this amendment would cut, if adopted. This account funds programs that are important to both sides of the aisle: permitting construction projects across the country, toxic risk prevention, and a successful brownfields program, and even pesticide licensing. I understand that the amendment would direct more funds to States in Appalachia who have suffered ravaging environmental costs caused by coal mining, and, once again, I want to stress that it is unfortunate that you are trying to restore funding that had been cut, but our allocation was very short. Unfortunately, I cannot support any deeper cuts to the EPA because they will have consequences that will be felt by people all across the country, so I must oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, and certainly we are prepared to accept the amendment. I understand the gentleman’s overall goals to continue funding for the AML pilot consistent with the fiscal year 2018 enacted bill that provided the funding for the six Appalachian States, and I know the economic devastation that has happened throughout that region. This increase to the AML program by $30 million, so that Ohio, Alabama, and Virginia would receive $10 million each, equal to the fiscal 2010 enacted levels, could certainly help in those regions. 
So we can accept this package of amendments at this time. I look forward to maintaining funding for the six States, with distribution similar to fiscal year 2018 and the final 2019 enacted bill. As such, I encourage my colleagues to adopt the amendment. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. I appreciate Chairman CALVERT ’s support as well, and the appropriators’ hard work on this. This was created by Hal Rogers. It is fascinating because what happens is that people say they want us to transition the economy in central Appalachia. This is one of the ways to do that, and it actually saves money. We have a project in my district that we are close to getting finalized on this, where it would cost $6.7 million to clean up a site, if we did it the normal way. With this program, which we wish to continue, it will only cost the government about 2.5, $2.6 million, and we end up with a site that can be used again for economic development and jobs in Appalachia. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I will close. I want to reaffirm what my colleague from West Virginia said. This is important for economic development in communities in Appalachia. It will have a significant impact on economic development work throughout the region, while being offset by only a slight reduction in EPA’s environmental programs and management account, totaling only 1.21 percent of that account. So this is good legislation. It is a good bill for Appalachia, a good set of amendments for Appalachia. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want to be clear. I understand that this amendment would direct more funding to States in Appalachia who have suffered from the ravaging environment caused by coal mining, and that is a very noble goal, as I said before. But at this time I have to oppose this amendment. Once again, I want to point out, we were level funded in our allocation in the Interior bill that we are debating today with amendments, and I cannot support any further deeper cuts to the EPA. But as the chairman moves forward and as we go to conference, if we can start restoring some of the funds to the EPA, I would like to work with the gentleman to restore some of the funds to this also important program; but at this time I have to oppose. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $36,000,000)(increased by $36,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, Arizona’s First Congressional District is home to the largest population of Native Americans and Indian lands in the Nation. Many of the Tribal governments that I represent face a public safety crisis. Nearly every Tribal community I visit is caught in the justice facility backlog, and it is having a serious impact on their ability to protect and serve their communities. The backlog in unmet need for Tribal justice facilities has grown significantly since fiscal year 2014, when the Department of Justice unilaterally stopped new and replacement construction of Tribal justice buildings. All the while, the Bureau of Indian Affairs has kept condemning these types of buildings. This negligent lack of Federal coordination between agencies has resulted in communities being forced to go without essential infrastructure. Tribal justice officials dedicate and risk their lives to provide basic law and order in Native American communities. However, as a former police officer, I can tell you, no justice system can function without a safe and secure facility to house these officers. The San Carlos Apache Tribe’s justice system is a devastating example of the backlog for justice facilities in Indian Country. The BIA condemned the San Carlos Police and Courts Building known as BIA Building 86 in 2009. The Tribal police officers and courts worked for 6 additional years in a condemned building, until the Bureau of Indian Affairs provided them with temporary trailers, which had been intended to be used as classrooms and temporary housing in 2015. Here we are, 3 years later, and this temporary fix is failing the San Carlos police and courts, as well as the entire community. The San Carlos Police Chief works in an office with cracks in the wall where he can see outside. The generator doesn’t provide air conditioning to the police patrol or court sessions of trailers, and that is in Arizona. Water service is intermittent. There is not enough space for evidence storage. The floors can’t securely support storage safes that include cash, drugs, and other evidence. I can go on and on. It is clear that it is past time to provide the San Carlos Apache Tribe, and Tribes across the country, a permanent facility to safely house their police and courts. b2115 I commend Appropriations for providing $18 million for replacement of new public safety and justice construction. My amendment demonstrates the reality that the need is greater. It suggests a funding level of $36 million divided between replacement and new construction. This would help provide for the needs of communities like San Carlos, who have had their police and court facilities condemned by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Every law enforcement officer at the local, State, Tribal, and Federal levels risk their lives to protect and serve their community. If we can’t give them the basic tools to do their jobs, our communities risk safety and justice for victims. We must do better. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment on behalf of these brave law enforcement officials, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment and work with him and the rest of my colleagues to address the public safety and justice construction needs in Indian Country. The ranking member and I have worked very closely together in Indian Country to recognize the shortcomings throughout Indian Country in Indian education, Indian healthcare, and certainly within the Indian public safety and justice problems that we are having throughout the United States. Mr. Chair, I certainly support an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I just want to thank the chair and the ranking member for all their commitment to Indian Country and for their support of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 115–830. 
Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 31, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, across Indian Country, access to safe and clean drinking water is a major issue that we are obligated to address. In the northwest corner of my district, the Hopi Tribe has a water system with over three times the Federal maximum standard for safe drinking water for arsenic. Let me repeat that: three times the amount of arsenic than the maximum standard considered safe. Members of the Tribe have no choice but to use this unsafe water. This is beyond unacceptable in any community in America, but it is a fact of life for Tribes across the Nation. No matter where you are born, no child or family in America should have to risk their health because they can’t access clean water. This basic lack of water infrastructure has limited many Tribes’ ability to unleash their economic potential in rural communities across the country. The Hopi Tribe has limited financial resources. In fact, it has an 80 percent unemployment rate. Our country’s unemployment rate is 4 percent. It also has a mine that is potentially going to close that supplies 80 percent of its general funds. They have not sat idly waiting for the Federal Government to fix the problem it created. The Tribe has launched the Hopi Arsenic Mitigation Project to directly address this challenge. Through the project, the Tribe has identified arsenicfree wells and mapped the pipeline route that will deliver arsenicfree water to villages and towns across the reservation. All the Tribe needs to complete the project is construction funding. Unfortunately, funding for the Bureau of Indian Affairs Construction account has not been adequate enough to fund projects across country like Hopi’s. That is why I am offering a commonsense amendment to increase BIA’s construction funding by $10 million. Increasing this funding for construction of water infrastructure will enable the BIA to assist communities in building water systems that will deliver clean drinking water to schools and homes, some for the first time. This amendment is not only a wise investment for Tribal communities as they seek to develop their economies and attract investment, but it is also a moral imperative. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to increase access to clean water for tribal communities across the country. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in reluctant opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I was happy to support the gentleman and accept the prior amendment, but this just goes too far. I couldn’t agree with the gentleman more that the Federal obligations for construction in Indian Country far outweigh the amount of money we have in the budget. That is why the Bureau of Indian Affairs Construction account has been and will continue to be a nonpartisan priority for the subcommittee, and we are certainly proud of the progress we have made so far, but I cannot support an offset on an account that also serves Indian Country and other underserved populations. In addition to cutting the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs, this amendment is likely to cut the Office of Native American Relations, the Office of Small Disadvantaged Business Utilization, the Office of Civil Rights, and the Office of Hearings and Appeals. Again, while I agree with the increase, and I certainly don’t disagree with the gentleman’s intentions, I cannot in good conscience agree to this offset. If we find money down the road in this process as the gentlewoman and I are going through the conference, this is something I would be very interested in looking at, but right now I must encourage a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I understand that this bill increases the BIA Construction funding levels from last year, but I must remind the gentleman that this program is still woefully underfunded considering the tremendous needs across the West and in rural communities. Although I believe this amendment’s offset is reasonable considering the basic immediate and dire needs of tribes across the country, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments and I hope he will commit to working with me on a bipartisan basis going forward on this amendment to ensure our communities have meaningful access funding for clean water. I clearly understand the impacts potentially to the Bureau, but I also understand that when you have 80 percent unemployment and the risk of losing 80 percent of your general fund, that there is no other alternative than to look for money here, and I would appreciate consideration in the future. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MS . PLASKETT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 21, insert after the dollar amount ‘‘(decreased by $3,818,000)’’. Page 40, line 19, insert after the first dollar amount ‘‘(increased by $3,818,000)’’. Page 40, line 19, insert after the second dollar amount ‘‘(increased by $3,800,000)’’. Page 41, line 8, insert after the dollar amount ‘‘(increased by $18,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I thank the committee for the opportunity to express my strong support for this amendment to the Department of Interior division of this bill. This amendment amounts to a small uptick in critical funding for assistance to territories at the Department of Interior’s Office of Insular Affairs, to the amount that has already been recommended by the majority in the Senate. This is a modest uptick of just under $4 million in Federal support for Americans in insular territories of the United States, namely, the Virgin Islands, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and American Samoa. Nearly a half million Americans reside in these islands, which have been part of this great country for over a century. Since then, the Federal Government has supported the territories largely through Department of Interior assistance activity, with funding channeled towards technical assistance to local governments and to assist in upgrading essential community facilities like schools and hospitals and critical infrastructure, including waste disposal and wastewater systems. Even before two Category 5 hurricanes struck the Virgin Islands, our schools faced structural deficiencies not conducive to a healthy learning environment. Our hospitals face serious deferred maintenance issues due, in part, to their extremely high proportion of uncompensated care, because we face inequitable treatment in the Federal health programs like Medicaid and Medicare. There are few facilities for assisted living among a growing population of aging citizens. 
Construction or repair to schools and hospitals account for much of the Capital Improvement Project expenditures that come directly out of this Assistance to Territories account. I believe it is imperative that the Federal Government enhance its commitment to address the pressing needs of Americans living in the territories as we face grave natural disasters and security threats. I continue to be concerned about the catastrophic impact of Hurricanes Irma and Maria to the Virgin Islands, especially in light of financial solvency issues, coupled with the anticipated amount of time before government industry and utilities are able to fully function and generate revenues. There are also additional revenue losses and other operational needs stemming from passage of significant tax reforms last year. The Virgin Islands and most of the insular territories have mirror tax codes of the United States, meaning that when we make changes to the Federal Tax Code, they automatically apply as a tax code of the territories, with few exceptions. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act changes bring in a host of unintended new revenue and economic loss issues that the local governments of the territories will need significant technical assistance to mitigate. The U.S. territories are part of the United States, and jobs in these territories are American jobs. According to the Department of Labor, the unemployment rate in the Virgin Islands is currently at least 12 percent, three times the national rate. The people living in American island territories are citizens of this great Nation and entitled to equality to the people living in the 48 contiguous States, Hawaii, and Alaska, but the Virgin Islands and other territories are not included in the same formula grants as other locations. We do not receive the same funding for grants, technical assistance, programs that provide jobs, or infrastructure. A continuation of level funding to the small assistance account is highly inadvisable at this time, for the reasons I have outlined previously. Americans residing in the U.S. territories may be the first to be hit by a major hurricane, but have no vote on the budget for FEMA or anything else. They continue to be severely tried, and in circumstances beyond their control. Please approve my amendment as a simple matter of fairness to them and equitable to the majority of the Senate’s requests at this time. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, in light of the catastrophic hurricane season last year and the fact that we are already in the midst of another hurricane season right now, I suspect there is additional relief needed for the territories in the weeks and months ahead. So with this reality upon us, I am happy to accept the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman, the ranking member, and the members of this committee for supporting this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’. Page 112, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, the intent of the amendment is to reserve funds for the Smithsonian to do an exhibit in conjunction with local groups and organizations focused on celebrating the United Nations International Decade for People of African Descent. I am so proud to offer this amendment. Mr. Chair, January 1, 2015, through December 21, 2024, has been designated as the United Nations International Decade for People of African Descent, with the theme, ‘‘People of African Descent: recognition, justice, and development’’ by the United Nations General Assembly. The population comprising the African diaspora is expansive, spanning across the globe from the Americas and the Caribbean, to Asia and Europe, with persons of African descent having a historic presence on every continent. b2130 Around 200 million people identifying themselves as being of African descent live in the Americas. The goal of this initiative is for the United Nations and its member states, among others, to take advantage of the auspicious period of history by undertaking activities in the spirit of recognition, justice, and development for people of African descent around the globe. Among the goals of this international initiative is to underscore the important endowments made by people of African descent to our world societies and to promote a greater knowledge of and respect for the diverse heritage, culture, and contributions of people of African descent to the development of societies. Now, in this country, Mr. Chairman, the Smithsonian is uniquely positioned to celebrate the launch of this International Decade at the national level here in this country by creating temporary and maybe permanent exhibits that can help promote the cultural and artistic goals of the International Decade and to create an effective exhibit or series of exhibits across its museums on the contributions of African descendants in the United States, where Black history is inextricably and integrally woven since this country’s founding and even before. Yes, Mr. Chairman, Africans explored these shores long before Columbus and archeological findings here do prove. The Smithsonian has a history of undertaking efforts to commemorate and tell the story of the impact of African descendants on African American history, politics, culture, and society, including the opening of the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. The Smithsonian has a wealth of artifacts and holds the resources to put together a wellregarded national showcase to weave together a compelling and concise study and story of some of the most notable contributions across sectors of African descendants. Likewise, it can work with local organizations to borrow or make available artifacts, documents, and relics related to telling the story in a way that no other institution in our country can. Simply put, the Smithsonian has the right mix of expertise, archives, and artifacts to help tell the story as well as the ability to work with local groups throughout our Nation that are guardians of some of these narratives but may not have the resources. With these additional resources, it is hoped that the Smithsonian will partner with other State and local institutions to help create a story reflective of the U.N. International Decade for People of African Descent and promoting the history and heritage of people of African descent and their impact on our country here. In an era of xenophobia and rising intolerance, now, more than ever, we need to join in helping to publicly recognize the culture, history, and heritage of people of African descent and their impact on the Nation and the world and have the International Decade for People of African Descent be more than an empty rhetorical platitude to African Americans on this shore. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, while I certainly have some concerns about 
the offset, I am able to support my recent classmate’s and colleague’s amendment. As the gentlewoman knows, this bill has a strong history of supporting underrepresented communities, including African American and Tribal communities. This bill funded the construction of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture and continues to strongly support the operations of this very popular museum. This bill maintains a strong bipartisan support for Tribal health, Tribal education, Tribal law enforcement, and numerous other priorities critical to Native Americans and Alaska Natives, and this bill supports underrepresented communities throughout the Historic Preservation Fund grants under the National Park Service. Though we may have to turn the lights off at the Department of the Interior if we keep going on—he is a Navy SEAL; he will get by—I certainly urge the adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague, because we will turn the light on the contributions of Africans on this continent during this decade. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $4,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, Lake Champlain is one of the natural wonders of New England and, indeed, an international treasure. It is a watershed that includes New York, Vermont, and the Province of Quebec. To protect this unique natural and economic resource, Congress enacted legislation in 1990 under the bipartisan leadership of Democrat PATRICK LEAHY  and Republican Jim Jeffords that led to the creation of the Lake Champlain Basin Program. Over the years, the basin program has worked with private organizations, local communities, and individuals on both sides of the border to coordinate and fund efforts that benefit the Lake Champlain Basin’s water quality, fisheries, wetlands, and wildlife recreation. It has been a great example of a locally driven program working from the ground up with the help of a Federal partner. It has been a tremendous success, and the purpose of this amendment is to maintain the funding at the level that it was at before. I have joined 28 years later after Democratic Senator PATRICK LEAHY and Republican Jim Jeffords with my Republican colleague from across the lake, Representative STEFANIK , in this amendment. It is important to both sides of the lake and the Province of Quebec, who is not here represented, but here in heart. So I ask for the support of this amendment, and I want to say to my colleague, ELISE STEFANIK , from across Lake Champlain, that we think the view of New York is beautiful, and we share a commitment to maintaining the beauty of that lake. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from across the lake, PETER WELCH . This is truly a bipartisan issue, as Mr. WELCH identified. This is important to our local ecosystem. It is important to our recreation. It is important to our tourism. But it is also a job creator, bringing in new people to our region. I love the views as I look across the lake to Vermont, and I know that we are really a joint economy around Lake Champlain. I also want to thank Chairman CALVERT and the Appropriations Committee for their support of this important initiative in the Northeast. As I said, this is truly bipartisan, and it fully funds this important program. So I thank Mr. CALVERT again and his staff, and I thank Mr. WELCH for being a true partner on this issue, which is locally driven and such a success story for our districts. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman as a good partner, as well, and I thank Mr. CALVERT for his consideration. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . VARGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 71, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 76, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support my amendment to H.R. 6147, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. This amendment would increase funding for the U.S.Mexico Border Water Infrastructure Program by $5 million. As a Representative of California’s entire U.S.Mexico border, I have seen firsthand the positive impact these programs have on communities in my State and across all of the communities along the U.S. border. The Tijuana River Valley is a beautiful transboundary watershed on both sides of the border with a mixture of agriculture, preserved habitats, and rural housing developments. Periodic rain in the region produces a steady stream of crossborder flows of wastewater, trash, and sediment from Tijuana into San Diego County. This has a devastating effect on border communities, including Imperial Beach, San Diego, and other residents in the Tijuana River Valley. Last year, millions of gallons of sewage was discharged in the Tijuana River Valley after a heavy rain. This resulted in prolonged beach closures, which affected the quality of life and the public health of the people in these communities. Border Patrol agents also experienced very severe health complications from exposure to sewage and to chemicals and toxic waste along the border. San Diego Countybased military installations are also at risk of continued disruptions, which would affect their readiness to combat threats. Residents across San Diego County have grown increasingly frustrated with the lack of progress on viable solutions. All too often, Tijuana’s wastewater infrastructure is unable to handle the heavy rains, which result in sewage ending up on the U.S. side of the border. The EPA’s Border Water Infrastructure Program provides resources for communities to build and enhance current longterm protections and rehabilitation projects all along the entire U.S.Mexico border. The EPA investments in these wastewater projects are a key factor in significant water quality improvements in U.S. waterbodies, such as the Rio Grande, Santa Cruz River, the New River, and the Tijuana River. The program’s funding has made significant progress addressing public beach health and the environmental impact of inadequate drinking water and wastewater infrastructure along the U.S.Mexico border. 
The 2,000mile border between the United States and Mexico is one of the most complex and dynamic regions in the world, with a growing need to address the transborder environmental issues; so I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in reluctant opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, don’t get me wrong. I am not opposed to what the EPA is doing at the border to improve water quality, but I think it is important to note that the bill already provides $10 million for the program, equal to the fiscal year 2018 level, and did not support the elimination of the program as proposed in the President’s budget. As the gentleman knows, we are levelfunded in this year’s appropriation bill, so I wasn’t able to get additional funds for some of these programs that I like. Because a $5 million reduction could significantly impact the work of the Secretary of the Interior— we have been chewing away at that all night—the programs under this jurisdiction, and other important offices funded by the account, I can’t support the amendment. I will continue to work with the ranking member as we move this through this process because I know the important work we have done in California and along the entire border. It is a good program, and I certainly support it, but I can’t support this amendment at this time. Mr. Chair, I must oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for those words, and I know that he wants to continue to work with us, and I look forward to that. I would just add that the situation is getting much worse, and I would also add that a number of these military installations that we are placing right along the border, especially the Special Forces that we have, the SEALS, I think are going to become more and more affected by this sewage that crosses the border. Mr. Chair, I look forward to working with the chairman and the ranking member to see if we can find more money because this is a real problem in San Diego, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000)’’. Page 71, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. Page 77, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut. b2145 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman MCKINLEY , for working with me on this amendment. Our amendment increases funding for State grants to assess or clean up brownfield sites by $7 million in fiscal year 2019. Too many cities and towns across America with proud manufacturing legacies are now struggling with vacant brownfield properties. In my home State of Connecticut, the city of Meriden alone has at least $10 million worth of brownfield projects for which they have been unable to secure funding— and that is just one city in one State. Every single congressional district across this country is home to at least one brownfield site. In fact, some have hundreds. The benefits of funding brownfield cleanups are enormous. For every $1 invested in brownfield redevelopment, 18 additional dollars are leveraged in outside investment. That is one of the highest leveraging of outside money of any Federal program. Despite the clear, demonstrated value of Federal brownfield investments, the EPA has been forced to turn down very worthy projects due to lack of funding. In fact, the EPA has only been able to fund about onequarter to onethird of the applications it receives. Between 2012 and 2017, over 1,600 applications for viable projects were turned down because of inadequate Federal funding. The base bill before us today provides just $153 million for brownfields in fiscal year 2019—the very same amount that was enacted for 2018. For such an effective program that is in high demand all across the country, maintaining status quo funding for brownfield redevelopment is unwise and, frankly, unacceptable. If the EPA had been able to fully fund the qualified brownfield projects from 2012 to 2017, an additional 54,000 jobs would have been created along with $10.3 billion in leveraged outside money. Mr. Chairman, last November, 409 Members of this House voted to increase funding levels for the EPA’s brownfields programs to $200 million plus an additional $50 million for the State response program. That is a total of $250 million authorized by this House as compared with $153 million we have before us tonight. Mr. Chairman, 409 Members heeded calls from their cities and towns, mayors, county and regional officials and constituents who urgently want to restore their downtowns and communities putting former industrial sites back on to the tax rolls and creating jobs. Dilapidated warehouses, abandoned factories, and former gas stations littered across our cities and towns are untapped economic opportunities just waiting to be redeveloped into productive uses like startup incubators, affordable housing, tech centers, and public green space. Increased funding will return brownfields to productive uses, generate additional tax revenue, clean up the environment, grow jobs, and revitalize communities all across our country. Investing in our civic infrastructure is essential to moving this country forward. Mr. Chairman, I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ). Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for taking this amendment on. When you think about it, we are only funding about 300 to 400 projects a year. But in testimony before our committee, there are 450,000 contaminated sites across America; and if we are only renovating 400 sites, you can imagine how many thousands of years it will take assuming no additional brownfield sites are developed as a result of this. So this idea of grasping just $7 million I think is a fundamental way of trying to say: We need to do more in this effort; we need to put more funds in it. I agree with the gentlewoman’s remark. If $250 million was authorized, then we need to put more money in this if we are serious about brownfields and removing the stigma across our community. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank my colleague, the gentleman from West Virginia; and I want to thank the 409 Members who joined in urging support for this program which has proven to be one of the most effective in the Federal Government. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 43, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would fully fund the Department of the Interior’s Office of the Inspector General. By my count, there are at least 14 Federal investigations that are either underway or completed into the current Secretary alone. That is more investigations than the last four Interior secretaries combined. Still more issues with the Secretary are under preliminary investigation. Even more have not been announced to this date. Interior’s Office of the Inspector General is doing most, if not all, of that work. Funding and staffing shortfalls resulting from flat funding or small cuts have caused the Office of Inspector General in recent months to forgo investigations altogether. Investigation requests from Congress and from tips originating within the Department of the Interior have either been rejected or are awaiting resources to be freed up in order to address them. The Office of Inspector General is also referring a growing number of hotline complaints to the Interior Department for investigation, creating a situation in which the department is investigating itself. Half of those referred complaints involve allegations of ethics violations, sexual harassment, prohibited personnel practices, law enforcement misconduct, and reprisal. Untrained supervisors conduct many of these investigations without following standard protocols and without collecting sufficient evidence. Specially trained, experienced noncriminal investigators are needed to keep these investigations within the Office of Inspector General. The Office of Inspector General’s independence from the office they are examining is essential to their ability to conduct thorough, unadulterated investigations, inspections, or audits. Now is not the time to revert to the preWatergate days when an agency was in charge of investigating itself. This amendment would provide five additional investigators to focus on administrative issues and up to six investigators in field offices which also lets the Office of Inspector General’s criminal investigators focus on criminal misconduct instead of being pulled away to help in other areas. There are particular risks that are being unaddressed because of current funding levels. The Department of the Interior paid out $10 billion in financial assistance and contracts in fiscal year ’16 and ’17. During that time, there was about a 16 percent drop in audits. Contracts and financial assistance are some of the highest risk areas in terms of the potential for waste, fraud, and abuse. My amendment would also provide five new auditors for the Office of Inspector General which are needed to address contracts and financial assistance which is responsible for a disproportionate share of the Office of Inspector General’s 20–1 return on investment. I want to emphasize that. For every dollar we spend on the Interior’s Office of Inspector General, according to the Partnership for Public Service, the taxpayer gets $20 back. This amendment will help ensure that this scandalridden administration doesn’t monopolize the Office of Inspector General’s best people who are supposed to be rooting out waste, fraud, and abuse in the agency. If there was ever a time to fully fund the Office of Inspector General, it is now. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, although I am a big fan of the Inspector General’s Office, the current budget is funded at the budget request, and therefore I do not see us raising $2.5 million by raiding the Secretary of the Interior’s operating account. I think it goes way too far. I am glad to know that the gentleman from Arizona actually listened to our talking points on that. But I think at this point in time I would like to keep it exactly where it is. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. Chairman, I also rise in opposition to the amendment. As the gentleman mentioned, the bill already includes a $1.5 million increase for the Inspector General which is the amount that was requested. This transfer is not needed, and if enacted, it could affect the operations of the Department of the Interior. For those reasons and others, I oppose this amendment. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, the figures in the delayed investigations, the deferred investigations and the need for additional auditors were all in the $5 million indication by the Office of Inspector General that that was what was needed in order to be able to comply with the demands of their office and the demands that the public and Congress have for assuring that all the agencies are running under the protocols, the procedures, and the laws that we insist they do so on. Mr. Chairman, $2.5 million that is being requested in this amendment would bring that total to $5 million, which is the amount that the Inspector General has indicated is needed. Mr. Chairman, I ask for a vote of approval on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk, amendment No. 26. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 38, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 80, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, California continues to suffer devastating water shortages and inadequate clean drinking water. We must build new water storage. My amendment would simply transfer $2 million into the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act administrative expenses account from the Department of the Interior Office of the Secretary account. The base text of this bill has $3 million less for WIFIA administration than was provided for the fiscal year ’18 and provides a $10 million increase for the Office of the Secretary account. The WIFIA program is a vital program for water infrastructure. The program was established in the water resources 2014 bill and has been accepting loan applications for clean and drinking water projects. Water storage projects and flood risk reduction infrastructure projects are eligible under section 3905 of 33 U.S.C. 52, but EPA has yet to establish a process for administering such loans. The additional administrative resources in the amendment would allow 
the WIFIA office to more quickly pursue financing of Bureau of Reclamation and Army Corps of Engineers projects. It took 4 years—until April 2018—for WIFIA to issue its first loan for a wastewater project. This is an unacceptable timeframe for establishing an essential water financing program when the American Society of Civil Engineers scored our water infrastructure as a D grade last year. The administration’s infrastructure principles document recommends expanding WIFIA authorities to water storage projects which is the lifeblood of California’s Central Valley and other reclamation States. We can’t wait another 4 years for WIFIA to issue loans for these projects. The Army Corps and EPA expect to execute a memorandum of understanding for financing projects very soon which will further strain WIFIA administrative resources. Additionally, the Senate has included a deadline for Reclamation and EPA to reach an MOU in their water resources bill. Mr. Chairman, this is good policy which mirrors my New WATER Act, H.R. 434. This amendment is necessary for properly and effectively carrying out both MOUs. In closing, California continues to suffer devastating water shortages and inadequate clean drinking water. Areas of California’s Central Valley have not only had bad quality water, but some towns have no water at all. We must build new storage. This bill helps us to move that forward and expedite the process. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b2200 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 46, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 110, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, the Office of NavajoHopi Indian Relocation was established to compensate and build homes for those Navajo and Hopi impacted by the Federal Government’s mandated changes of the reservation boundaries, which resulted in families being forced to move away from their homes. My amendment opposes efforts in the underlying bill to prematurely close the Office of NavajoHopi Indian Relocation. The bill significantly cuts this office while preparing for its premature closure. I strongly oppose these cuts. The agency has not completed its mission, and families continue to wait for the benefits they were promised. Closing the agency without providing the benefits to the affected families entitled to them would be a violation of our trust responsibility. Once the agency’s mission is complete, it is essential that the remaining land management responsibilities are passed to capable and responsible agencies that will work with stakeholders to ensure that the trust responsibility is taken seriously. For this to occur, a comprehensive plan must be developed, and the plan must include meaningful input from both the Navajo Nation and the Hopi Tribe, and a thorough audit of the Office of NavajoHopi Indian Relocation. I have concerns that preliminary discussions that have the Office of the Special Trustee assuming land management are premature, as the Office of the Special Trustee has no experience with land management or building housing. While the details of the closure plan are worked out, it makes sense to continue funding the agency, so it can finish its mission and an orderly and agreeable closure plan can be developed. The families impacted by relocation have suffered enough, and we have a responsibility to ensure that we solve the problem in an orderly way, not simply shift the responsibility. My amendment simply shifts the funds that were provided to the Office of the Special Trustee, to assume land management responsibilities, back to the Office of NavajoHopi Indian Relocation where it can be used to build homes and review appeals until the agency mission is complete or a comprehensive closure plan is developed with significant Tribal input. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their interest in this important issue, and I look forward to continuing to work with them toward a resolution that keeps the promises made and is inclusive of all impacted parties. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment for several reasons. The NavajoHopi Settlement Act of 1974 was intended to last 5 years. After that, the plan was to go ineffective. This program has lingered on for nearly four decades longer than it should have. The Office of the NavajoHopi Relocation has indicated its intent to close by September 2018. Accordingly, we should not be reducing or even paying more money in fiscal year 2019 when they want to close the office in fiscal year 2018. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have personally gone around this process for a long time now, both before I came to Congress and during my tenure in Congress. We have hundreds of families who still are in an appeals process. We have homes throughout both reservations that are simply in a deteriorated state. This is not spending more money. It is shifting money from one agency to another to allow us to continue to make sure that the needs of this relocation project are met. The time limit of 5 years was extended time and time again because of the technical nature of this process and the difficulty in our mandated process to make this a whole system that worked. It hasn’t worked. It needs to be worked on, but not until we have a comprehensive plan. There is no comprehensive plan. There is just an idea and a concept, but no comprehensive plan. I will be glad to work with anybody on a comprehensive plan, but the idea that we just walk away from this right now without an agency that really knows what it is doing makes no sense at all. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, originally, this legislation was intended to help 1,000 families. We have helped more than 3,600 Navajo families and 27 Hopi families. When we talk about the comprehensive plan, maybe we ought to get everybody in order to make sure that plan is acceptable by everybody before we keep throwing money at the problem. Mr. Chair, once again, I am in opposition. Once again, it is four decades past its time. We don’t get resolution on this aspect without putting some force behind it. There has to be finality to this. This cannot keep going on. Without putting some finality to the finances, we will see this continue over and over again. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I just want to point out the Navajo and the Hopi have indicated precisely what 
they want to do. They need the time to be able to recognize that there is a comprehensive plan for their future and the families that are impacted. It is not in place. Mr. Chair, I request that my amendment be accepted, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (O’Halleran). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . HECK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 67, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)(increased by $500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, this is a straightforward amendment to ensure that the EPA is laserfocused on helping address the biggest source of water pollution in the United States: stormwater runoff. Stormwater runoff is what happens when rain falls—we get a lot of that in Washington State—and it flows across roofs, parking lots, and streets. As that rainwater heads on its way to rivers, lakes, and bays, it picks up all sorts of toxic, nasty stuff like metals, oils, fertilizers, and pesticides, just to name a few. Toxic stormwater has a direct effect on the health of our waterways and, more importantly, on our economy. Nowhere is that more clear, frankly, than in my home State of Washington and in the Puget Sound, which is, by water volume, the largest estuary in America. We actually have video of polluted stormwater literally killing salmon in a matter of hours—not days or weeks, but hours—and our endangered southern resident orcas, which we are on the verge of losing altogether, are harmed both by having fewer salmon to lunch on and by absorbing the pollutants directly into their body. We have made a lot of progress in this country in dealing with point source pollution, but stormwater runoff is a lot tougher to deal with now. It is a lot more decentralized, and there are a lot of jurisdictions involved. It is going to require a lot of improvement in water infrastructure over time. State and local governments are kind of stepping up to be sure to meet this challenge. They know the harms posed by stormwater, but their budgets are stretched thin. What they really need is a strong partner in the Federal Government. That is part of why I am so glad the House just last night passed a companion bill to this, the Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act, on consent. It had strong, bipartisan support. It creates a task force at EPA comprised of Federal, State, and local governments, along with nonprofit and private partners to develop recommendations for finding some innovative ways to fund stormwater infrastructure. But the recommendations coming out of that task force won’t be very useful if we don’t know more precisely what and how big the need is. That is why the Clean Watersheds Needs Survey is important. That is a survey that Congress actually required of the EPA to conduct under the Clean Water Act on a periodic basis. It is a comprehensive assessment of the outstanding need for stormwater and wastewater control facilities nationwide. We know there is a need. In my State alone, we estimate that stormwater runoff can be solved with a $19 billion, with a B, infrastructure investment over the next generation. The last survey that EPA did dates way back to 2012, and a lot has happened since, a lot of water under the bridge, pun intended. To be clear, we are dealing with data that is 6 years old. In order to make sure our communities are able to deal with the problem, frankly, we need to have better and more current data. That is what this is about: good data, good science. This is what this amendment seeks to do by ensuring the Clean Watersheds Needs Survey is prioritized by the EPA, no new money, just prioritized to get that done as required under the law. It is, frankly, not that large of an expenditure to undertake. We have to make sure that the agency is in fact using every tool in its toolbox to help our communities address stormwater. I will say it again: The number one leading cause of water pollution in America is stormwater. Of course, that starts with being able to have a full picture of the problem we face. Mr. Chairman, for this reason, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the interest in our Nation’s water infrastructure needs. Although this amendment does not do what the gentleman intends it to do, I think it is always important for Congress to have a clear understanding of what improvements need to be made to meet the quality goals of the Clean Water Act. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment I can accept, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chair, however the chairman has journeyed to his conclusion, it is deeply appreciated. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $742,000) (increased by $742,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I offer this amendment to underscore the importance of the EPA’s Environmental Justice Program. H.R. 6147 cuts more than $700,000 in funding from this important program that has made an incredible difference in many communities across the country, including in my State of North Carolina. The Environmental Justice Program supports and empowers communities as they work to address significant environmental and public health issues at the local level. b2215 In North Carolina, this program has provided funding for 13 different initiatives since 2001, including the Environmental Justice Education and Research Center at Shaw University, which engages high school and college students in environmental justice research; the Healthy Homes Greensboro collaborative, which works to reduce housingrelated asthma hospitalizations in lowincome, minority neighborhoods resulting from exposure to toxic chemicals; and Clean Energy Durham, which runs a volunteerdriven, neighbortoneighbor energy education program for lowincome residents of Lee County. Nationally, this program has helped do everything from cleaning contaminated soil on reservations to managing oil spills from an abandoned power plant in Cleveland. 
This program has had a measurable benefit for the people who live closest to pollution sites. This is crucially important, as people of color and people with little means are often the most affected by environmental injustice. In fact, the environmental justice movement began in Warren County, North Carolina. In 1982, a small, predominantly African American community in Warren County was designated to host a hazardous waste landfill. In response, the NAACP and others staged a massive protest. More than 500 civil rights activists were arrested during the nonviolent sitin protesting the landfill. While their protests failed to prevent the landfill’s construction, it did spark a movement, and it has served as a model for fighting against environmental injustice since. The EPA’s Environmental Justice Program helps communities fight against these same forces. It works to ensure that no group of people should bear a disproportionate share of negative environmental consequences from commercial operations or policies. H.R. 6147 cuts more than $700,000 in funding from this program, and that is unacceptable. Funding for this program should be increased, and substantially more than the $6.7 million that was appropriated in fiscal year 2018. Cutting out funding for this program neglects dozens of communities of color, subjecting them to filthy air, unsafe drinking water, and the health impacts that go along with that. This amendment simply highlights that fact and challenges that Congress must do better. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appreciate my colleague’s desire to show additional support for a program important to her constituents. Unfortunately, the amendment does not do what she intends it to do; therefore, I must oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, but I respectfully disagree with my colleague. The EPA’s Environmental Justice Program provides substantial help to communities directly affected by pollution and negative environmental consequences. Too often, it is communities of color or lowincome communities that are disproportionately affected by negative environmental effects. A study released this February by EPA scientists found that, in 46 States, communities of color are more likely to be exposed to higher levels of dangerous air pollution than White communities. Additionally, in 2012, a study by the NAACP found that coalfired power plants are disproportionately concentrated near communities of color. Thankfully, the Environmental Justice Program and their initiatives like the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program have helped to support and empower underserved communities across the Nation as they develop solutions to environmental pollution. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2018 proposed eliminating the Environmental Justice Program. Also, the RSE budget supports Representative SAM JOHNSON ’s H.R. 958, the Wasteful EPA Programs Elimination Act of 2017, which, among other things, would eliminate the Environmental Justice Program. Mr. Chair, I ask for a ‘‘no’’ against this amendment. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from North Carolina has 30 seconds remaining. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. This amendment highlights the very need for more funding in the EPA’s Environmental Justice Program. As a Member of Congress, we should be appropriating adequate resources to ensure everyone—everyone—in this country enjoys the same degree of protection from environmental health hazards. This is clearly another example of why the interior bill should not have received flat funding and 302(b) allocation and the impact of not having a more transparent process. We should be standing up for our communities of color and for the children of color who are impacted by these hazardous pollutants to which they are subjected. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $468,000)(increased by $468,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase funding for the National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways Program by $468,000. It does so by removing and then reapplying $468,000 within the $2.4 billion appropriation for the Environmental Programs and Management Account within the Environmental Protection Agency. This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered last year that passed this body by a voice vote, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment again this year. Currently, the House Report accompanying this bill calls for a funding level of $26,723,000. This amendment will restore funding to the level that passed the House for the last 2 years. This amendment is intended to increase funding for the National Estuary Program that protects and restores water quality and ecological integrity of estuaries of national significance. Currently, 20 estuaries located along the Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico, and Pacific Coasts and Puerto Rico are designated as estuaries of national significance. Four of these estuaries are in my home State of Florida. This program is efficient at leveraging funds to increase estuaries’ ability to restore and protect ecosystems. The National Estuary Program has obtained more than $10 for every $1 provided by EPA, generating nearly $4 billion for ontheground efforts since 2003. This amendment will result in a real return on investment for the American people. With more than half the U.S. population living within 100 miles of the coast, including the shores of estuaries, this amendment will result in an enhanced quality of life for those living along the coast, while maintaining a healthy ecosystem that supports endangered and threatened species. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s desire to show support for robust funding for the National Estuary Program. The FY19 bill provides $26.7 billion for the National Estuary Program, which is equal 
to the FY18 enacted level. This is an amendment I can accept. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 68, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 68, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 71, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 78, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to restore funding for the southern New England estuaries program. I plan to offer and withdraw this amendment in hopes that we can continue this discussion and work out a solution that will continue support for this program that is deeply meaningful to our region. I am honored to be joined in this amendment by Congressmen CICILLINE , KEATING , and K ENNEDY , all of whom know how important this EPA funding is to Rhode Island and Massachusetts. Mr. Chairman, estuaries support life. They are the fragile but vital ecosystems where saltwater and freshwater mix together, and they support a robust number of species. In Rhode Island, these coastal and tidal areas provide environmental balance, but they are increasingly threatened by human activity. We need to continue to support their restoration, less they regress and become permanently damaged. Over the past several years, we have seen the success of EPA’s southern New England program. With projects since fiscal year 2014, these funds have helped protect and restore watersheds in the Narragansett Bay, Mount Hope Bay, and Buzzards Bay. They have supported coastal areas in South County, Rhode Island, and along Cape Cod and the islands. The EPA’s geographic programs have worked in other parts of the country as well, from the Puget Sound to the Chesapeake Bay, and they are working in New England. Mr. Chairman, as I have said in the past, our estuaries are the lungs of our coastal areas. These EPA funds continue to help our New England estuaries recover and to thrive. While I plan to withdraw this amendment, I hope that Chairman CALVERT  and I can work together to preserve this needed program. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, will the gentleman yield? Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I am happy to work with the gentleman as we go through this process. If we can find some additional funds as we move to conference, I will be more than happy to revisit this issue with the gentleman. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I am grateful for the chairman’s comments, and I hope we can, as the gentleman said, work together on this, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 115–830. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 69, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee and the chair and ranking member of the Interior Subcommittee. Mr. Chair, today I rise to highlight the importance of the EPA’s Superfund Enforcement program. Around the country, communities are being put at risk by those who do not responsibly handle the waste that they actually create, and it can result in years of ongoing damage, which leads to health complications and environmental degradation. The Superfund Enforcement program at the EPA was granted authority under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, or CERCLA, to enforce environmental cleanup laws that bring habitats and communities back from the brink in places where pollutants have seeped into the ground. One of the Superfund sites in my State is the Hanford site, which is a decommissioned nuclear production complex next to the Columbia River. It was established as part of the Manhattan Project in 1943, and it was the location of the first fullscale plutonium production reactor. The site is massive, and its legacy not only includes its devastating role in World War II but also the environmental impacts in central Washington and beyond. b2230 The EPA has referred to the Columbia River as the ‘‘lifeblood of the Pacific Northwest,’’ and they are right. And it is why it is so crucial that we at the Federal Government do everything we can to clean up Hanford. Another Superfund site, this one in my district, is the Duwamish River, which was designated as a Superfund site in 2001. Over the course of many years, factory waste and household pollutants have run into the Duwamish, and the Duwamish air quality is the most toxic in our State. Water pollutants have affected our local fish and they have threatened the food supply and the fishing culture, particularly of those nonEnglish speakers, Asian and Pacific Islanders, and people of multiracial backgrounds who depend on the river as a way of life. It has gotten so dangerous that the State and Federal Governments have actually issued a warning against the consumption of fish from the river. On average, community members in the Duwamish live an average of 8 years shorter than other King County residents. The Superfund Enforcement program allows the Federal Government to assess locations like this from Washington State to Washington, D.C., and determine who is responsible for cleaning up these potentially devastating contaminants. By the numbers, Mr. Chairman, the Superfund Enforcement program has not only been incredibly successful, it has actually saved taxpayers money and leveraged a lot of money for us. According to the EPA, in fiscal year 2017, the agency reported that they reduced, treated, or eliminated 217 million in pollution. During that same time, 245 million pounds of hazardous waste was treated, minimized, or properly disposed of, and 416,000 people were protected by the enforcement of the Safe Drinking Water Act. Thanks to the Superfund Enforcement program, many of the bad actors who create the problems are actually responsible for cleaning them up, and we leverage a lot of the Federal Government’s money. In fiscal year 2017, the amount committed by liable parties to clean up Superfund sites was $1.227 billion, which goes a long way toward ensuring that communities can be safe, healthy, and protected. While the funding levels in the 2019 bill are not as low as the President’s budget requested, I urge my colleagues to support continued funding in 2018 at the 2018 enacted level of $166 million or higher. 
Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with the chairman and the ranking member of the subcommittee to ensure that this program is meaningfully supported, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I just want to note that this bill provides $10 million above the President’s request for Superfund Enforcement and $12 million above the fiscal 2018 enacted level for the entire Superfund program. We attempted to find middle ground on enforcement while also prioritizing on theground cleanup efforts that returns land to productive uses. I certainly appreciate the gentlewoman’s support for the interest in the Superfund program, and while the amendment does not do as she intends, this amendment is something we are unable to support at this time. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in great support of this amendment. Just last year, I dealt with a frightening situation in my district where a company abandoned its facility, leaving dozens of vats of drums of cyanide and various assorted other toxic chemicals. This facility was in the middle of a residential neighborhood with some neighbors only living 15 feet from the facility. There is a legacy of abandoned waste sites that must be dealt with, and the cost far exceeds what we can fund in our bill. This flat funding that we have with the 302(b) allocation is something that the chairman knows I feel very strongly about, and I want to be on record of supporting this, and maybe we also need to include the reinstating of a Superfund tax. I thank the gentlewoman for the time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Washington has 1 minute remaining. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s remarks, and I did mention that I appreciated that there was more allocated than the President’s budget. I think the magnitude of the problem that we are dealing with and the hundreds of thousands of lives that are at stake in terms of who depends on the waterways that go through these Superfund sites is why I am asking the chairman if he might consider restoring the original level, which is, of course, more than was allocated. I do understand the challenges, but I think that these are historical harms that we are trying to correct and money that is leveraged substantially by the companies that create the waste, and it is because the Federal Government is putting money into these that we are able to do that. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33, printed in House Report 115–830. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 85, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 85, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,500,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment today simply aims to increase funding to help combat illegal marijuana grow operations in our Nation’s national forests. Illegal marijuana grows pose a significant threat to public safety as well as the environment. According to the DEA, the majority of illegal marijuana production that occurs in Federal land is carried out by Mexican drug cartels. These cartels smuggle deadly weapons, illegal pesticides, and other dangerous materials across the border to grow illegal substances on our public lands. Siskiyou County, in my district in northern California, has actually declared a state of emergency over the damage illegal marijuana production has caused to neighboring communities, the surrounding environment— again, damage much beyond what anybody would ever accuse legal industries of, farming, timber, whatever—and they are using, again, banned chemicals in the process, damaging wildlife, the environment, water supply, across the board. While the majority of illegal grow activity occurs within California’s borders, States across the country are also affected. Drug trafficking organizations are operating on 72 national forests in 21 States throughout the country. Our agencies need the funding and tools to take proactive steps to push back against this growing, large threat. According to the Forest Service, it would cost over $100 million over 5 years to reduce the spread of this problem in California alone. My amendment would increase funding to the National Forest System account by $4.5 million. Indeed, that is barely scratching the surface of what is truly needed, but it is a good start, and then we can fashion a pilot to show the good we can do over time. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would increase that reduction and transfer $5 million to the National Forest System account, and as the gentleman explained, the funding would be used for the purpose of eradicating illegal marijuana growing operations in the national forests, and that is something that I support. I know we work on it in Minnesota, and we have worked on it in our State forests. So I agree that this work is very important. I worked to ensure this funding was included in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus bill, so the funding is already provided, and now it is part of the program’s base. So the amendment, to me, is unnecessary because the program is already funded, but the offset is also problematic. The Forest and Rangeland Research account fund does scientific research that informs policy and land management decisions regarding such issues as I know we all care about: wildfire, fuels research, invasive species, which also can, especially in our forests, lead to the forest being less healthy so they have less resilience to wildfire, and new, innovative ways to harvest forest products, which in my State and many States is very important. This amendment, I don’t think is intended to, but I do believe it could negatively impact bipartisan programs like the Forest Products Laboratory and the Forest Inventory Analysis program. So, as I mentioned, I am opposing this not because I don’t think we need to work on eradicating illegally grown marijuana in our public lands, but because this program is already in part of the base, and the offset is problematic for many of the shared goals I think many of us in this body have. So with that, I oppose this amendment, and I currently don’t plan on speaking on it again. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate my colleague’s position there, but we are talking about, again, what the Forest Service says themselves is a $100 million problem over 5 years, or $20 million per year. This would seek to boost that. If you saw the emergency situation, again, in areas like my district and adjacent, you would probably agree this 
$4.5 million boost would be very important in order to get a good start at that. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman because this is somewhat personal to me. I appreciate the gentleman’s interest in this illegal marijuana cultivation in our national forests. One of the largest national forests in the State of California, Cleveland National Forest, is literally in my congressional district and right close to my house. We are always having problems with people setting up illegal grow operations in the Cleveland National Forest. So this increase to remediate these sites is needed. I agree with the gentlewoman that these offsets are difficult, but I am pleased to offer my support for the gentleman’s amendment. Hopefully, we can get rid of some of this illegal marijuana that is grown in these national forests. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, again, I appreciate the conversation here, but when you look at the depth and the danger of what is being brought into our States and my own part of northern California, my colleague in the Cleveland National Forest, this is an acute problem. The environmental damage is unspeakable with the amount of chemicals, the damage to the wildlife, and the threat this poses to people out there innocently hiking, camping, utilizing the forest or maybe for even logging operations. So we need to kickstart this as strongly as possible, and that is why I offer this amendment tonight in order to counter and send a message that we are taking this seriously where Federal employees, Federal agents have feared to tread in recent years because of this tremendous threat that the Mexican nationals and gang activity has caused in our national forests that belong to the people. So, again, I urge my colleagues to support this. It is an important start and weaves into so much with human trafficking, environmental destruction, and even, in some cases, murder associated with the problems of the growth of this product in our national forests. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 85, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 85, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, across the country, an invasive beetle known as the emerald ash borer has been wreaking havoc on ash trees. It was first discovered in 2002 in Michigan, but since then, it has spread to 33 States, killing millions of trees, inflicting severe harm on the forest products industry, and costing municipalities and property owners millions of dollars. b2245 Ash trees infested with the emerald ash borer suffer nearly 100 percent fatality rates over a 3 to 5year period. At this point, there is no known effective treatment. Earlier this year, the emerald ash borer was discovered in Vermont. While the discovery was not a surprise, the news is devastating. Forests are a central part of our economy, our landscape, and our way of life. It is going to be difficult to eradicate the pest, but there are steps we can take to contain its spread. Mr. Chairman, I thank the Appropriations Committee, Mr. CARTER , and Ms. MCCOLLUM for acknowledging the threat this invasive species poses. The report language accompanying the bill recommends a $19.5 million increase to forest health management under the State and private forestry account for addressing highpriority invasive species, pests, and diseases, including the emerald ash borer. I support that increase. My amendment specifies that, of this amendment, at least $5 million should be used to help mitigate the spread of and eradicate the emerald ash borer. Ultimately, a successful response will require a strong partnership between Federal, State, and private sector stakeholders. This amendment is a good first step to ensure the Federal Government is doing its part. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for bringing this issue to our attention. Invasive species, pests, and diseases have wreaked havoc across the Nation and continue to do so. I know that the emerald ash borer has been a tremendous pest throughout a good part of our country, certainly in State and private forests also. We need to improve management in our forests, and we need those conditions to improve. So I am happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment, and I hope we can reduce the emerald ash borer. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. CARTER , I thank Ms. M CCOLLUM , and I thank the Appropriations Committee for their support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Congressman POLIS, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 85, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 90, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this bipartisan amendment with my colleagues Representatives POLIS, KING, and R ENACCI to support the brave men and women who serve as volunteer firefighters. This commonsense amendment would add an additional $2 million for volunteer fire assistance grants. These grants provide matching funds to local and rural volunteer fire departments to assist with training and the purchase of communications and safety equipment. California experienced one of the worst wildfire seasons in history last year, and this year is shaping up to be no different. Volunteer firefighters will provide nearly 80 percent of the initial defense of homes, businesses, and communities in the face of these fires before reinforcement arrives. In my district, where we are under the constant threat of wildfire, departments such as Idyllwild Fire Protection District and the Riverside County Fire Department have benefited from the VFA grant program. These departments provide fire protection services to dozens of rural communities in my district that are at a heightened risk of wildfire due to the sustained drought and heat California is experiencing. The volunteer firefighters who serve Idyllwild routinely overcome significant communications and topographical challenges. Grant programs, 
like volunteer fire assistance grants, help them respond quickly and effectively to fire emergencies. Throughout the rest of my district, interim Riverside Fire Chief Daniel Talbot has done an excellent job leading the department and preparing for what is already an intense fire season. This week alone, several new fires have sprung up as tripledigit temperatures continue to create a tinderbox across the Western United States. Images of blackened cars and houses reduced to their foundations are already far too common, images we will, unfortunately, only continue to see more of. Despite this constant and recurrent threat, we still fail to treat fires like the devastating natural disasters that they are. The damage caused by wildfires in California, Colorado, and other States has been heartbreaking, and yet we still continue to underfund mitigation, suppression, and prevention efforts for these disasters. Any additional assistance we can provide to those on the front lines to keep our communities safe is our social responsibility to protect the common good, especially when volunteers risk their lives to save our lives without pay. Many of these departments who benefit from the VFA program operate in rural towns on shoestring budgets, so an additional $2 million will go a long way to helping them purchase critical extra equipment. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment to give our firefighters the equipment and training they need to keep the public safe. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the bipartisan amendment with Mr. POLIS, Mr. K ING, and Mr. RUIZ. As a former volunteer firefighter, maintaining adequate funding for the volunteer fire assistance program is of particular importance to me. First responders are pillars of our community, and it has been a privilege of mine to advocate for them in Congress. This program provides financial and technical assistance through grants to rural communities of less than 10,000 people that are matched by the community or State on a 50–50 basis. Grant funding for this program can be used to obtain and repair equipment and improve fire protection capabilities. Ever more striking is that many of these rural fire departments often rely on volunteers. In fact, 70 percent of all firefighters are volunteers, over half of whom are found in rural communities. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to provide these brave men and women the funds they need to adequately combat wildfires and protect our communities and treasured American landscape. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. RENACCI. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I certainly support this amendment. Mr. RUIZand I represent the same area. Volunteer firefighters are extremely important, especially in our rural areas, and this is something we all should support. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to accept the amendment. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, this amendment would reallocate $2 million to the Interior’s volunteer fire assistance program with six to eight volunteer firefighters. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate and thank my colleague, who has given his time in fighting fires in his capacity. I thank my colleagues, as well as the chairman and the ranking members for their work on this bipartisan bill. Mr. Chairman, once again, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan and commonsense amendment to support the volunteer firefighters who protect our communities, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . CARBAJAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee for Mr. POLIS of Colorado, and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 86, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 86, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer amendment No. 37 on behalf of my colleague from Colorado, Representative POLIS. Mr. Chairman, as we continue to see global temperatures rise and extreme weather events like wildfires become more prevalent, it is imperative that Congress take action to help reduce these threats. This amendment would increase funds for hazardous fuels management activities by an additional $10 million in order to mitigate the threats of wildfires and help save lives. This program reduces dangerously high fuel loads and helps restore and improve the health and resiliency of our forests. Managing hazardous fuel loads is critical to protecting the American public from wildfires, providing for fire safety and preserving our Nation’s natural resources. Fuel treatments provide safer conditions and more strategic options for firefighters. In the 2016 fiscal year, the Forest Service funded and helped conduct fuels treatment on more than 3.2 million highpriority acres nationwide. This included 2.1 million acres on areas with populated communities, high fire areas where the Forest Service could alleviate the risk more effectively. Assessments of fuels treatment effectiveness show that 91 percent of treatments were effective in changing fire behavior and/or helping to control wildfire. Despite this progress, the Forest Service estimates that there are millions of acres at high risk of wildfires, including some that are adjacent to communities. We must make investments in hazardous fuels programs that have demonstrated effectiveness in reducing wildfire risk and continue to prioritize treatments in the highest priority areas to protect lives, property, and watersheds. As the Representative for the central coast in California, I can tell you that we are no strangers to wildfires. This year alone, my district witnessed the devastating impacts of the Thomas and Holiday fires. The Thomas fire became the largest fire in California history, burning nearly 282,000 acres in Ventura County and Santa Barbara County, and later triggering mudslides that tragically claimed the lives of 23 individuals in my district. If we can take action to prevent wildfires, we should. We know it pays to be prepared. And we know that for every dollar spent on mitigation activities, we save $6 in return. Mr. POLIS’ amendment is a commonsense measure that would help provide sufficient funds to ensure that we are protecting lives and property from the threats of wildfires. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, certainly, I agree with the gentleman that hazardous fuel reduction is something that is extremely important. That is why we provide for a $30 million increase from last year’s levels for hazardous fuel reduction in this bill. Second, the national forests are overgrown and prone to severe and catastrophic fires, there is no doubt about 
it. Colorado, for instance, has already experienced a number of these fires this year, and, certainly, our home State of California is no different. We have had a number of fires, and we have fires going on at this very moment. The timber program, which removes trees from these overgrown stands, significantly reduces the threat of catastrophic fire. We went down a path in the early 1990s that many people in the mainstream environmental movement now realize is a mistake. We have now got out of that enterprise, and a lot of these forests, unfortunately, have overgrown and have bark beetle disease, so that now becomes hazardous fuel. Unfortunately, it wasn’t harvested in a responsible way earlier. Responsible harvesting of timber from the national forest is a necessary component of good forest and land management. b2300 So taking money from that account is the offset that I can’t support. But certainly, I do support hazardous fuel reduction, because, unfortunately, we have created a lot of it in our home State of California and throughout the West. So, unfortunately, I have to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Chair, this amendment offsets the $10 million increase for fuels management by reducing from the forest products. Unlike the forest products line item, which funds timber sales, the hazardous fuels program is focused exclusively on reducing wildfire risks and employs a wide range of tools, including prescribed fire, mechanical fuels reduction, and thinning activities. Increasing funding for hazardous fuels management can save lives. And when we consider the priority of forest products versus the opportunity to thin these fuels, I think the priority is clear, for saving lives, for saving property, and saving our environment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 38 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 115, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 116, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 147, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $46,500,00)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to modify the amendment in the form I have placed at the desk. There was a minor change in the figure there. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, reserving the right to object. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized on her reservation. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, while I appreciate the request made is intended to correct an inadvertent drafting error, I am concerned that granting the gentleman’s request would legitimize a double standard being applied to unanimous consent requests here on the House floor. For example, during consideration of the defense appropriation bill 3 weeks ago, Congresswoman JACKSON LEE sought to obtain a unanimous consent to correct just this sort of innocent drafting error in her amendment. The majority informed us that, while they had no problem trying to fix the error in some other less direct manner later in the process, they would object to doing so by unanimous consent. More importantly, just today, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee asked for and could not get unanimous consent to consider a resolution endorsing Speaker RYAN’s own statement rebuking the President’s statements in Helsinki in which the President said that he takes the Russians’ word over that of the U.S. intelligence community, and refused to condemn the Russians’ attacks on our democracy. If Democrats can’t even get unanimous consent for that, endorsing a statement by the Speaker of the House, it starts to look like a partisan double standard for giving unanimous consent. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my reservation of objection. The Acting CHAIR. The reservation is withdrawn. The Clerk will report the modification. The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment No. 39 offered by Mr. GROTHMAN : 
Page 115, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 116, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $23,250,000)’’. Page 147, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $46,500,000)’’. 
Mr. GROTHMAN (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is modified. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I will address the amendment. The purpose of this amendment is to try to make a small dent in what I consider to be the overall excessive spending that is going on here. In the year which we are currently in, we anticipate borrowing about 22 percent of the Federal budget. A few years ago, we had that number down to around 11 percent—and to a certain extent because of the hurricanes, but to a certain extent not—we now are borrowing up to 22 percent. President Trump, at the time he originally submitted the budget for this time, which was before the budget agreement was reached, I think, anticipated spending over $50 billion less than the amount that was spent in the last year. I tried to look at something to just give a little bit, a tip of the cap, to President Trump’s request. I think he is paying a lot more attention to the burden we are placing on our children and grandchildren than Congress collectively. And I looked at the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. I am requesting a 15 percent reduction in both of those numbers. It seems when you reduce anything else, it seems to plan that it is a matter of life and death, and horrible things are going to happen. I like the arts. I don’t know if I like the humanities quite as much as the arts, but they are okay, too. But it is hard to believe, at a time when we are borrowing 22 percent of our overall budget, that a minor 15 percent cut in these two items would be inappropriate. We are, right now, going up in the National Endowment of the Humanities, hitting an alltime high this year, at the time of this huge deficit, and we are also increasing in the proposed budget the amount we are spending on the humanities. It seems to me that these things, you could argue, are not necessarily a Federal purpose at all. I am not like President Trump was 2 years ago and trying to zero out these two lines altogether, but I think it is a little bit of an insult to our President, an insult to our children, an insult to our grandchildren to go up to high numbers on both these items. So the purpose of my amendment, a minor 15 percent reduction. There is still more in both these accounts than we had just a few years ago. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CALVERT. I certainly agree with the gentleman that we have a budget problem. I served on the Budget Committee for a number of years and recognize the fact that we are spending too much money. However, if we take a look at the entire budget picture, nondefense discretionary accounts represent 16 percent of total Federal outlays. And if you take a look at the nondefense discretionary accounts, over the last number of years, we are pretty flat. We are pretty flat spending right now. I mean, even with this increase, even with this increase. However, this NEANEH program is something I can’t support. While I understand, again, why the gentleman wants to save money, this amendment would have unintended consequence affecting the men and women who serve in the country in uniform, military veterans, their families, as well as Native Americans, Alaska natives. We are putting a lot of this money in to help people get through their post traumatic stress syndrome. This amendment would have devastating consequence on critical work for the National Endowment for the Arts at Walter Reed Medical Center, 11 other clinical sites across the country that are supporting therapy service. We have reformed the National Endowment for the Humanities to make sure that we have low overhead, and that this money is getting out into the country. This money doesn’t go to New York or L.A. This goes out to the rural areas around the country that don’t have the benefit of large interest in arts. So I certainly urge Members to support the innovative work the NEA and the NEH are providing our men and women in uniform, our veterans, and families. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I too rise to speak in opposition to this amendment. The NEA and the NEH have strong, bipartisan support on this committee, and I had really hoped the days of attacking these agencies were behind us. Maybe they seem like a good political target for those who don’t understand the ways the arts and humanities affect our daily lives, but the economic benefits are undeniable for big cities, small towns, and everywhere in between. The arts and culture industry contributes $764 billion to our economy every year, and the endowments are uniquely positioned to help smaller, rural areas, as you heard the Chair say, access that energy in a way that private capital can’t or won’t. And efforts to reach underserved communities are just as important. NEA’s Creative Forces program helps servicemembers and veterans manage TBI and PTSD through arts therapy. A cut would majorly impact the program’s reach. Similarly, NEH has funded the popular veterans book clubs that use literature that help process experiences in our military. I have been lucky to talk to some participants, and this is a deeply meaningful program that, again, is in jeopardy if this proposed cut moves forward. Frankly, all of this comes at a very small price tag. The NEA and NEH use minimal Federal investments. I will just end by saying this is an important way to create jobs, support families, and sustain communities in every Congressional district. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. I thank the chairman for his strong support of these programs. I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. Cuts to these programs may be pennywise, but I think they are poundfoolish. I am the Republican chair of both the Arts Caucus and the Humanities Caucus in this House, and these programs do wonderful work throughout the entire Nation, in every hamlet in America and, of course, supporting our veterans. For every dollar the United States spends on Federal arts initiatives, nine nonFederal dollars are leveraged, generating roughly $600 million in matching funds. Last year’s Federal arts appropriation was under $150 million, but the industry returned $10 billion to the Federal Treasury in income taxes. I understand the gentleman’s argument about government spending and our national debt. I take these matters seriously and have opposed a recent measure in this body that will increase our national debt over the next decade. But on these programs, I trust that my colleagues from the Arts and Humanities Caucuses will expand on the incredible cultural and educational importance of supporting these programs as well. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. GROTHMAN. Just a comment from the humble Congressman from Wisconsin. It was said that this is a small amount. I still think $300 million is a lot of money, okay? And we are only taking about $45 million out of that. We are leaving a lot behind. We are leaving—I don’t feel, at this time, with such a big debt, we should be setting the alltime high that we have ever put in the endowment for the humanities and higher than any other amount we have put in the arts for the last 8 years. And when I run for this job, I don’t find anybody running around saying that they have got a big crisis in this country. I have a lot of rural area. And we have got to spend a lot more money in Washington, we have got this big debt, on the arts and humanities. My local and municipal government are pleased to fund this. Philanthropists are pleased to fund this, and even people without a lot of money like me are happy to fund it on our own. I request that the amendment pass and we make a little dent in this huge level of spending, and take a small amount out of here; not as much as President Trump, who cares so much about our children and grandchildren, wanted to take out, but at least a small 15 percent out due to our huge debt. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, can I inquire how much time I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remaining. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, one thing I want to make a point of, and because obviously this deficit is a problem. Everybody recognizes that. Seventy percent of all our spending today is nondiscretionary spending, 70 percent. When I came to Congress 26 years ago it was 30 percent. Today those numbers have totally flipped. Now it is 30 percent discretionary, 70 percent nondiscretionary. Of the discretionary account, half of that goes to defense. The other half goes to nondefense discretionary. No way are we ever going to balance the budget on nondefense discretionary spending. At some point, we all need to come together, Republicans, Democrats, the President, and come to a budget agreement. It has been tried before and needs to be tried again. And the 70 percent of nondiscretionary spending has to be on the table and we have to bend those cost curves. We are not going to—and I dispute the fact that we are at an alltime high on NEH and the National Endowment for the Arts. In past years, those numbers were quite higher. b2315 Those numbers have been cut down over the years, and we are trying to do the best we can on these discretionary accounts; but being what it will, this is not, I think, a wise cut. Money is going to every congressional district in the United States. Mr. Chair, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 40 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 138, beginning on line 1, strike section 430. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, neither of the amendments that I offer tonight have much to do with the appropriations we are addressing. They are not about specific budget provisions, although I very much enjoyed listening to the many amendments tonight and am impressed with how often the discussion has been cordial. Instead, this amendment seeks to preserve current Clean Water Act protections for our rivers, streams, and wetlands. Our Nation’s river systems and wetlands provide irreplaceable resources: natural water quality improvement, flood protection, shoreline erosion control, recreation, general aesthetic appreciation, and natural products for our use at no cost. Yet section 430 of this bill seeks to undermine the critical balance between protecting these waters and the daytoday operations of our Nation’s farmers, ranchers, and foresters. Under current law, you do not need a Clean Water Act permit if discharges of dredged or fill material are associated with normal farming, ranching, or silviculture activities. This exemption pertains to normal farming and harvesting activities that are part of an established, ongoing farming or forestry operation. Only when the activities change or convert the use of a waterbody to a new purpose or impair the historic flow or reach of a stream or wetland does the exemption no longer apply. What this means is that farmers can continue to plow their fields, plant their seeds, and harvest their crops without ever having to obtain approval under the Clean Water Act; but if a farmer wants to use the current exemption to convert his farmland into a residential development, he can’t do that unless he gets a permit. A rancher couldn’t use this exemption to plow under a wetland to expand the reach of her grazing lands, and forestry operations can’t use this exemption to change the course of a local stream to improve drainage on their growing lands. Section 430 of this bill seeks to provide an absolute exemption for impacts to any streams or wetlands that happen to be on agricultural, ranching, or forestry lands. This is a fundamental change to the Clean Water Act and one where the impacts have never been explored. This amendment would be a departure from almost 40 years of implementation of the Clean Water Act by eliminating the existing provision requiring that the exemptions are limited to established, ongoing farming practices. It could result in the loss or impairment of thousands of acres of valuable wetlands. Mr. Chairman, we shouldn’t be using an appropriations bill to change Federal policy related to the protection of our Nation’s rivers and streams. To the best of my knowledge, no hearings or investigations on the impacts of this provision have ever been held. If Congress intended to overturn almost 40 years of Clean Water Act precedent, regular order would require hearings before the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, which has sole jurisdiction over the Clean Water Act, and approval by that committee before consideration on the floor. Mr. Chairman, this rider is bad policy for the protection of our environment, for the protection of human health, and for the protection of public safety. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to this amendment. My colleague today has labeled this language a loophole in the bill, which is false. A loophole is used to get around a law. The language he wants to strike requires EPA and Army Corps to follow the law. I ask once again my colleague, a friend of mine and a nice guy, to come visit us in northern California and meet with the farmers and ranchers who have seen firsthand this misuse and abuse of the Clean Water Act and to gain an understanding why this language is necessary. It is not theoretical. This is regulatory overreach at its worst going on right now. The recapture provision of the Clean Water Act was never meant to swallow the original intent of the agricultural exemptions clearly laid out in the act, but that is exactly what has been happening. If this amendment passes, it would only get worse. It was never the intention of the Clean Water Act to punish farmers for conducting normal farming practices, normal operations, such as plowing or doing stock pond maintenance, indeed, continuing what it is they have always done. There is a difference between filling a river and a difference between plowing the corner of a field. These exemptions were constructed to address that difference. The ongoing expansion of enforcement, indeed, the reinterpretation of clear exemption, is not what has been going on for 40 years as asserted, but only in recent years under the previous administration have they reinterpreted these laws; otherwise, you wouldn’t have these farmers and others in such a fuss over what they have done for many decades. The ongoing expansion of enforcement of the Clean Water Act has chipped away at the rights of landowners and has made it a danger to farmers to effectively utilize their own property—key word, ‘‘own.’’ This isn’t somebody else’s wetlands. This isn’t someone else’s habitat. This is land that belongs to farmers who have been practicing farming in the way they see fit for many years before this reinterpretation. It is really ridiculous that a farmer must worry about being slapped with a fine in the millions of dollars just for plowing on their own land or a decision to rest that land, let it lie fallow, or wait for improved market conditions. In my district, there have been lawsuits against residents for farming without Federal permission. Cases like these across the country have cost farmers millions of dollars—yes, millions of dollars—in legal damages, and they risk running farmers out of business. I don’t know of many farmers who can absorb milliondollar fines very many times and continue doing what they are doing. If this amendment is not defeated, these damages to farm communities will only grow. America’s farmers and ranchers deserve our support. They deserve to be able to make decisions about managing their land, managing their crops, have crop rotations that make sense to them for market conditions, or just allowing the land to rest without having to seek an onerous permit if they let their land rest for a couple years, this without more regulatory ambiguity and red tape. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I tried to listen very carefully to my friend from northern California. Number one, I would love to come visit and talk to his farmers and his ranchers, with his permission and accompaniment. Number two, I think if there is administrative misuse, if there is a reinterpretation of a law that has been in place for 40 years, let’s address that. Let’s do that through the Department of the Interior. We have, I believe, from the gentleman’s perspective, a very friendly administration. Let’s make sure that they are implementing the law appropriately. By the way, I agree with the gentleman, it was never intended to punish farmers. The gentleman’s northern California experience is different from ours here. My mom and dad both grew up on farms in northern Virginia, which are completely residential developments right now. We want to make sure that we don’t, with this rider, make it possible for a farmer to change from farming to suburbia without ever obtaining a permit, 
and that is essentially what we have done. By the wholesale nature of this repeal, of the nonstop to the exemptions, we essentially really shortcut the Clean Water Act. I urge us to look for a middle ground solution that answers the needs of farmers without opening wide this exemption for any farming, ranching, or grazing activity, forestry activity that might result in this full repeal. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chair, indeed, I appreciate my colleague’s comments and thoughts on this. We are not talking about conversion to suburbia. We are talking about a reinstitution of a crop that may have been lying fallow for a few years or changing from a crop such as a hay crop to wheat. Indeed, one of my growers up north got in big trouble because they wanted to put in a wheat crop on their own land, which isn’t wetlands unless we want to start reinterpreting that way by EPA working with their henchmen in the Army Corps, basically out of the Sacramento office, to keep coming after him and finding more and more people. This puts more wind in their sails to come after people who are making an honest living, not trying to develop houses or suburbia. Indeed, I would agree with the gentleman on that. And that is going to require a fairly difficult permit process, especially in my home State of California, if you want to start turning this ag land into suburbia. It is not what we are after. There was a farm bill some years ago called the Freedom to Farm. What has happened to that? What has happened to that concept? With clear exemptions in the Clean Water Act for normal farming practices, not new interpretations that have been put in place in the previous administration we are still trying to unwind and get their attention on, that is why this amendment would be damaging towards that effort. It is not a fight over clean water; it is a fight over Federal control. They never intended for this. It is unfortunate I have to even be here today to defend simply requiring the bureaucrats to follow the law and the clear exemptions that were put in place under the Clean Water Act. Activities of the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers go above the law to impose these requirements, again, significantly expanding the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act, which clearly exceeds congressional intent when they passed the Clean Water Act 40plus years ago. Mr. Chair, again, I strongly oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The amendment was rejected. AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 115–830. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 138, beginning on line 10, strike section 431. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 996, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would strike section 431, which repeals the current Clean Water Rule. Without this Clean Water Rule, the streams that supply public drinking water systems to one in three Americans will remain at risk. Mr. Chairman, everyone agreed that clarity was needed in light of the Supreme Court decisions in 2001 and 2006 that created uncertainty about the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. Calls for EPA to issue a rule even came from such organizations as the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the American Farm Bureau Federation, the Western Business Roundtable, and the National Association of Manufacturers. The EPA and the Corps solicited comments to clarify the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act, and that included a lengthy and inclusive public rulemaking process that included over 200 days for public comment. The comment period was even extended twice in response to extension requests. The final rule reflected over 1 million public comments in the proposal, the overwhelming majority of which supported the Clean Water Rule. They had 400 meetings across the Nation with various stakeholders. The final Clean Water Rule was robust and ensured that water sources were protected by taking into account the connected systems of water, from wetlands and seasonal bodies of water to large rivers and lakes. The requirements of the rule were meticulously developed and addressed longstanding uncertainty, improving our national commitment to protect not only America’s water, but the American people. About 117 million Americans get drinking water from streams that were vulnerable to pollution before this new Clean Water Rule. Our health and our lives depend on clean water, our economy depends on clean water. Mr. Chairman, what is unusual is the Trump administration is already working to replace, revise the 2015 rule, so I am baffled why this rider is necessary. Does the rider mean the Republican Party can’t trust its own EPA to write the rule to their requirements? So I stand here today to denounce this unnecessary rider and to defend clean water for the American people. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2330 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, with the change of administrations, we were able to reduce the number of issues addressed in this bill, but some issues warrant continued congressional attention. WOTUS is one of them. Deciding how water is used should be the responsibility of State and local officials who are familiar with the people and the local issues. Under the WOTUS rule, however, the reach of the Federal jurisdiction would be so broad that it would significantly restrict a landowner’s ability to make decisions about their property and a local government’s right to plan for its own development. The language in the underlying bill simply repeals the misguided WOTUS rule and clarifies what rules will be in effect until a new rule is finalized, specifically, the same rules that were in effect immediately prior to the promulgation of the final WOTUS rule. WOTUS is an issue that warrants continued congressional attention and the provision in the underlying bill is the appropriate action to take. For these reasons, I must urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I certainly respect the opinion of the chair, but I do take issue with the notion that it is a misguided WOTUS rule. There were 1 million comments, 400 meetings, and I served on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and National Resources Committee in the last 2 years of the Obama administration when EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy came to us and said that after the original publication of the intended new clean water rule, there was so much feedback that she went back to the drawing board for another year of hearings and comments to address the many concerns that were raised by farmers, cattlemen, and others, most of which were resolved at the time. Mr. Chair, I respect the notion that a new administration has the right to go through the same process, the same hearings, and the same public comment to modify the rule to evolve it as we move forward. But to just throw out the old rule by a rider to an appropriations bill, seems the wrong way to make law, the wrong way to govern. Mr. Chair, I encourage my few colleagues here at a little bit before midnight to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The amendment was rejected. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LANCE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. BUDD, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
SUPPORTING ICE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for an agency that works extremely hard to keep our country safe, and that is Immigration and Customs Enforcement, known as ICE. While some on the other side of the aisle have called for ICE to be abolished—yes, that is not a joke, and indeed, have proposed a bill that they are now running away from, they failed to put their money where their mouth is on the issue when their bluff was called. ICE is, in fact, one of the most important components of our country’s interior law enforcement. Without them, even the most modest level of border security would be difficult. In 2017 alone, the numbers are staggering: 226,119 illegal aliens removed; 32,598 Homeland Security criminal arrests; 4,818 gang arrests, including 796 MS–13 members; and 2,370 pounds of the very dangerous fentanyl drugs seized, which only a small amount is very dangerous to thousands of people. The statistics should speak for themselves. ICE is critical for our country and its law enforcement. We should be doing everything we can to support them instead of threatening and abolishing an agency that works around the clock to protect our borders and our interior from these great threats. We should appreciate this branch of law enforcement, not try and run it out of town. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 18, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 5634. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing five (5) officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5635. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Herman A. Shelanski, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5636. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Edward C. Cardon, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5637. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting a supplemental update of the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1106(a); Public Law 97258, Sec. 1106(a); (96 Stat. 911) (H. Doc. No. 115—140); to the Committee on the Budget and ordered to be printed. 5638. A letter from the Director, Directorate of Standards and Guidance, OSHA, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revising the Beryllium Standard for General Industry [Docket No.: OSHA20180003] (RIN: 1218AB76) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5639. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Miscellaneous Corrections [NRC20180086] (RIN: 3150AK13) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5640. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17093, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5641. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17108, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5642. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 18035, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5643. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. RSAT186183, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 3(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5644. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sec. 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 17130; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5645. A letter from the Deputy White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination and a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5646. A letter from the Deputy White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination and a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5647. A letter from the Director, Office of Departmental Equal Employment Opportunity, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s Fiscal Year 2017 annual report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5648. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Statistical Programs of the Unites States Government: Fiscal Year 2018 report, pursuant to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5649. A letter from the Executive Secretary, U.S. Agency for International Development, transmitting two notifications of designation of acting officer and nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5650. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066571702] (RIN: 0648 XF699) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5651. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066571702] (RIN: 0648 XF805) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5652. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999659402] (RIN: 0648XF821) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5653. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Adjustment to the Atlantic Herring Management Area 1A Annual Catch Limit [Docket 
No.: 151215999696002] (RIN: 0648XF774) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5654. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the State of Rhode Island [Docket No.: 161017970699902] (RIN: 0648XF814) received July 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5655. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 161017970699902] (RIN: 0648XF879) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5656. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex; Adjustment to the Skate Wing Inseason Possession Limit [Docket No.: 160301164669402] (RIN: 0648XF883) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5657. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the State of New Jersey [Docket No.: 161017970699902] (RIN: 0648XF856) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5658. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 17082882270999 02] (RIN: 0648XG001) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5659. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 17082882270999 02] (RIN: 0648XG063) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5660. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket Nos.: 120328229494902 and 150121066 571702] (RIN: 0648XG140) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5661. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066571702] (RIN: 0648 XF868) received July 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5662. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers at the Feed Materials Production Center in Fernald, Ohio, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort (SEC), pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7384q(c)(2); Public Law 106398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108375, Sec. 3166(b)(1)); (118 Stat. 2188); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5663. A letter from the Controller, National Society Daughters of the American Revolution, transmitting the Audited Financial Statements of NSDAR for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2017, pursuant to Public Law 88504 (36 U.S.C. 1102); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5664. A letter from the Under Secretary, Comptroller, Department of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, transmitting a letter presenting the views of the Intelligence Community and the Department of Defense on Sec. 1002 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Intelligence (Permanent Select). f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 6138. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for ambulatory surgical center representation during the review of hospital outpatient payment rates under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–831, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4952. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on the effects of the inclusion of quality increases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare program with an amendment(Rept. 115–832, .Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1482. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–833). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1001. Resolution providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 119) expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy (Rept. 115–834). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4952 referred to the Committee of the Whole House, on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Energy and Commerce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6l38 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6393. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for internet openness requirements for broadband internet access service providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6394. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to require that supplemental nutrition assistance benefits be used to purchase only supplemental foods that are eligible for purchase under section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (commonly known as the WIC program); to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Mr. KIND, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6395. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to certain workers adversely affect by reduced exports resulting from tariffs imposed as retaliation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 6396. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to firms adversely affect by reduced exports resulting from tariffs imposed as retaliation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 6397. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a new status for certain taxexempt organizations with administrative expenses not exceeding 25 percent of contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. DUNN, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. BABIN, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. BIGGS, Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mrs. LESKO ): H.R. 6398. A bill to authorize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative research with the Department of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for veterans in the United States, and for other purpose; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. LUCAS , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. DUNN, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. MOOLENAAR ): H.R. 6399. A bill to direct that certain assessments with respect to toxicity of chemicals be carried out by the program offices of 
the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LESKO (for herself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. BACON , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. ZELDIN ): H.R. 6400. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , and Mrs. H ARTZLER ): H.R. 6401. A bill to assist the Department of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROYCE of California1 (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6402. A bill to extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6403. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to modify the beneficial ownership requirements by creating an exception for certain accounts; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself and Mr. LARSEN of Washington): H.R. 6404. A bill to amend the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 to provide for a set aside for small fruits in the specialty crop research initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. M CCARTHY , Mr. ISSA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. T HOMPSON  of California, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. B ERA, Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. COSTA , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. GOMEZ , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. BASS, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. N UNES , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C OOK, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. KNIGHT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. R OYCE of California, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. CORREA , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. VARGAS , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 6405. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself, Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. COMSTOCK , and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER ): H.R. 6406. A bill to deter, prevent, reduce, and respond to harassment in the workplace, including sexual harassment, sexual assault, and harassment based on protected categories; and to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax treatment of amounts related to employment discrimination and harassment in the workplace, including sexual harassment, sexual assault, and harassment based on protected categories; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Financial Services, House Administration, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. PETERSON , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. W ITTMAN, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 6407. A bill to require the Administrator of General Services to transfer certain surplus computers and technology equipment to nonprofit computer refurbishers for repair and distribution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 6408. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize international cooperative activities to strengthen efforts relating to countering violent extremism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself, Mr. POSEY , Ms. T ENNEY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. ALLEN , Mr. L AMBORN , and Mr. TIPTON ): H.R. 6409. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide inscriptions for spouses and children on certain headstones and markers furnished by the Secretary; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. EVANS , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. KILMER , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K IND, Ms. LEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. PETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. ROSEN , Mr. R USH, Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. SOTO, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SABLAN , Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. GARAMENDI , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6410. A bill to provide for the administration of certain national monuments, to establish a National Monument Enhancement Fund, and to establish certain wilderness areas in the States of New Mexico and Nevada; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and Mr. PEARCE ): H.R. 6411. A bill to amend the duties of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) to ensure FinCEN works with Tribal law enforcement agencies, protects against all forms of terrorism, and focuses on virtual currencies; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6412. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to permit employers to unilaterally cease to deduct from the employee’s paycheck dues owed by the employee to a labor organization when the agreement establishing such a deduction expires and to allow employees to cancel such deductions at any time; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TROTT (for himself and Mr. DEUTCH ): H.R. 6413. A bill to combat trafficking in human organs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Ms. GRANGER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. BABIN, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. SMUCKER , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. THORNBERRY , and Mr. W ALBERG ): H. Con. Res. 129. Concurrent resolution recognizing the significance of the parsonage allowance to the Nation’s religious and spiritual communities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ENGEL: H. Res. 999. A resolution expressing agreement with the statements of the Speaker of the House of Representatives made on July 16, 2018, regarding Russian Federation interference in the 2016 United States elections and related matters; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS: H. Res. 1000. A resolution electing a Member to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NORMAN: H. Res. 1002. A resolution expressing congratulations to the towns of Camden, Bethune, Elgin, and Kershaw County, South Carolina, for being named 1 of 10 AllAmerican Cities winners; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XIl of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6393. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6394. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The authority enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 6395. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 6396. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 6397. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a new status for certain tax exempt organizations with administrative expenses not exceeding 25 percent of contributions. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6398. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 6399. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. LESKO: H.R. 6400. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Alticle 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 6401. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 6402. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and, Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6403. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3, providing the power to regulate ‘‘commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 6404. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 6405. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 Clause 1 Clause 7 Clause 18 By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 6406. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6407. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 6408. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LAMALFA: H.R. 6409. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 6410. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 6411. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6412. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 6413. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 120: Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 173: Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. H OLDING , and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 184: Mr. TAYLOR . H.R. 592: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 632: Mr. HARRIS and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 719: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 754: Mrs. BLACK , Mr. T AYLOR , Ms. BASS, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. SABLAN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 790: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 850: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 972: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1038: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 1171: Mr. CHABOT , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 1223: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 1318: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mr. R UTHERFORD . H.R. 1377: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 1378: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 1511: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 1542: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 1552: Mr. HUIZENGA and Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 1651: Ms. FUDGE and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1661: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 1881: Mr. FERGUSON and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 1904: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2101: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 2273: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 2315: Mr. ROHRABACHER and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 2345: Mr. GRIFFITH , Ms. D ELBENE, Miss RICEof New York, Mr. W ALDEN , and Mr. EMMER . H.R. 2416: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2421: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2452: Mrs. HARTZLER and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 2477: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2589: Mr. SMITH of Washington and Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2640: Mr. SOTOand Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2841: Miss RICEof New York, Ms. MENG, and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 2911: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 2946: Mr. LONG. H.R. 2965: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 2976: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3032: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. HURD. H.R. 3113: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 3148: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3325: Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten nessee, and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3608: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. BIGGS, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 3635: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 3671: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3866: Mr. JONES . H.R. 3976: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 4138: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4143: Mr. BUTTERFIELD and Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 4206: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4215: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 4253: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 4256: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4271: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 4483: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 4556: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4691: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4693: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4777: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4881: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 4888: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 4897: Mr. EVANS , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4973: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4985: Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 5003: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5107: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5141: Ms. NORTON and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 5199: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 5281: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 5291: Mr. SIRES and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 5306: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5417: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 5517: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 5595: Mr. COMER . H.R. 5621: Mr. BARTON and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 5634: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5637: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5640: Mr. BARLETTA and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 5671: Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 5701: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 5822: Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 5864: Mr. WESTERMAN and Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5899: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. DONOVAN , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 5903: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 5915: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5922: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5948: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 5949: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 5958: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 5988: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio and Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 6011: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 6013: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 6014: Mr. TROTT , Mr. B OST, Mr. F ASO, Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. MCKINLEY , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 6016: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 6034: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 6076: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 6080: Mr. LEVIN, Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 6081: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 6097: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 6108: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 6113: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 6137: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. HANABUSA , and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 6159: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 6178: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 6219: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 6239: Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6249: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 6263: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 6275: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Ms. E STY of Connecticut. H.R. 6280: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 6288: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 6304: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 6315: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 6318: Mr. DESJARLAIS and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 6326: Mr. POCAN , Mr. B RADY of Penn sylvania, Ms. BASS, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 6330: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6345: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 6356: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 6358: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 6360: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 6367: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , and Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6368: Mr. NORMAN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6369: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6378: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. GALLEGO , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 6382: Mr. CHABOT , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6392: Mr. DONOVAN . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. GOHMERT . H. Res. 28: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H. Res. 136: Mr. QUIGLEY . H. Res. 199: Ms. STEFANIK . H. Res. 400: Mr. YODER , Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. G RIFFITH . H. Res. 455: Mr. PAYNE , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. RUSH, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. FUDGE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. CUMMINGS . H. Res. 621: Mr. EVANS . H. Res. 628: Mr. CRIST and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 673: Mr. STIVERS . H. Res. 745: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas and Mr. POEof Texas. H. Res. 763: Mr. SUOZZI . H. Res. 826: Mr. CONNOLLY . H. Res. 864: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H. Res. 888: Ms. BASS. H. Res. 976: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. HULTGREN . H. Res. 981: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H. Res. 990: Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. MARSHALL , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 991: Mr. CRIST. H. Res. 994: Mr. HUNTER . H. Res. 995: Mr. HUNTER and Mr. H UDSON . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4973 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 2018 No. 120 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 