Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, new Boy Scouts make a promise to do their best to do their duty to God and country and to help other people at all times. Mr. Lewis Wood from Stokes County, North Carolina, has not only fulfilled that promise, he has lived it to the fullest. Mr. Wood joined the Boy Scouts of America in January 1943. Later, he served as a volunteer and Scoutmaster for Troop 440 for 50 years. When Mr. Wood and his family were recently informed of his pancreatic cancer diagnosis, he was focused on living until this January, the 75th anniversary of his becoming a Scout. What an admirable spirit and a wonderful man. After a lifetime of service, Mr. Wood is now preparing for his next journey. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. Wood for his 75 years of dedication to the Boy Scouts and Stokes County. f 
DREAMERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concerns and my deep shame for many in this Chamber who continue to gamble with the lives of over 800,000 Dreamers, young people who are workers and students. They are teachers and members of our Armed Forces. They are dads and moms. After five continuing resolutions, we still have left them out in the cold, over 800,000 of them. This week, the Senate is, once again, sandbagging the Dreamers. While Senator MCCONNELL  has publicly made this an open debate, it is far from being a fair process. Just yesterday, a Federal judge in the Eastern District of New York ruled conclusively that eliminating DACA and the benefits extended to DACA recipients is an illegal act. Just as this is happening, the Senate continues and begins to sandbag the Dreamers by first putting on the table the issue of sanctuary cities. Many have a flawed view of what sanctuary cities are. Many erroneously think that sanctuary cities harbor hardened criminals. That is far from the truth. A sanctuary city is a city that allows a mom to take her child to school, who is undocumented, without fear that the principal will call ICE or the authorities. A sanctuary city is a city that allows a senior citizen to go into an emergency room to be treated in a hospital without the fear that the nurse will turn him or her in. A sanctuary city is a city that allows people who are living under the shadows to go into a police precinct and report a crime without the fear that they will be deported. That is what a sanctuary city is. It is an intricate part of our soul as a country of immigrants and States and cities of immigrants. The Senate process is far from being fair. A fair process would be to start a bipartisan debate on Dreamers. The Speaker of this Chamber has yet to make a commitment to bring a clean Dream Act to the floor. Dreamers are our children. They are my children. They belong to all of us. When we look into their faces, I see my own face. When I look into their faces, I see a genius MacArthur Fellow winner like Cristina Jimenez and Ivan Rosales, who is working toward becoming a doctor in the military. There is so much aspiration in these Dreamers. This is why over 80 percent of Americans in red States and blue States and in Republican districts and in Democratic districts support Dreamers staying here in the United States. They represent the best of us. They represent the foundation of our Nation and the tenets of what the Founding Fathers believe in: that people should come to America, prosper, and make her a better place for all of us to live in. Mr. Speaker, the fate of these young people rests right here in the palm of our hands. We need to ask ourselves: Are we a nation of aspirations? Or are we a nation of deportations? 
It is in our hands. We cannot keep deferring a vote on a clean Dream Act. A deferred vote is a dream denied. Justice delayed is justice denied. But I tell the Dreamers this: Don’t be afraid. Don’t be discouraged. Don’t be deterred. Don’t be dismayed. You have to continue to fight for the most important issues facing America. You have done a tremendous job. Keep this fight moving forward for justice in America. 
COMMEMORATING THE 22ND ANNIVERSARY OF THE BROTHERS TO THE RESCUE SHOOTDOWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 22nd anniversary of the Brothers to the Rescue shootdown, where three U.S. citizens and one U.S. resident were murdered by the tyrannical Castro regime. On February 24, 1996, Carlos Costa, Mario de la Pena, Armando Alejandre, and Pablo Morales were on a humanitarian mission over international airspace, over international waters when they were illegally and brutally shot down. This mission over the Florida straits sought to save the lives of Cubans fleeing Castro’s grip of power in search of freedom. Sylvia Iriondo was rescued in a Cessna and brought to the safety of our shores. You see, Mr. Speaker, Sylvia was aboard the only plane that survived on that fatal day. She recounts how, after seeing the burst of smoke over the skyline, the pilot, Jose Basulto—who, along with Sylvia, has testified before the U.S. Congress— pleaded on the radio for his colleagues to respond. Twentytwo years have passed and justice for the deaths of our American heroes has yet to be achieved. Ruben Martinez Puente, Lorenzo Alberto Perez y Perez, and Francisco Perez y Perez have all been indicted in our U.S. courts for their roles in the murderous Brothers to the Rescue shootdown, but they have yet to be held accountable. I have urged administration after administration to bring these perpetrators to the United States so that they can be prosecuted and justice can be served. Furthermore, the Obama administration made the grave error of releasing Cuban spy Gerardo Hernandez, who was convicted of conspiracy to commit espionage and conspiracy to commit murder for his role in the deaths of these brave pilots—released. I will continue to urge our Department of Justice to pursue legal action against all current and former Cuban regime operatives who perpetrated that murderous attack against the Brothers to the Rescue aircrafts, its unarmed victims, and all Cuban operatives who planned or otherwise participated in the shootdown. To this day, the same regime that violated international law to kill Carlos, Mario, Armando, and Pablo remains as oppressive as ever, routinely beating and harassing peaceful protesters and incarcerating journalists. We cannot let anyone forget the blood at the hands of the Castro regime. The Brothers to the Rescue and their families will forever serve as an inspiration to those who are willing to endure great sacrifices for the sake of a free Cuba. COMMEMORATING THE 2018 FLORIDA  
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the recipients of the 2018 Torch Awards from my alma mater, Florida International University. The Torch Award is the highest honor given to both faculty and alumni by the FIU Alumni Association, highlighting the excellence that they bring to their professions and the pride they bring to FIU as an educational institution. Their exceptional achievements and contributions not only to our university but to our Miami community at large have earned them this prestigious award. This year’s honorees include: Alumnus of the Year Chad Moss, class of 1994. Chad currently serves as the executive vice president of Moss and Associates, one of Florida’s largest private construction companies. Outstanding Faculty Award Recipient Dr. Mark Allen Weiss. Dr. Weiss is an eminent scholar chaired professor and the associate director of academic affairs for the FIU School of Computing and Information Sciences. Community Leadership Award recipient Seth Crapp of the class of 1998. Seth is a pediatric radiologist and has demonstrated exemplary service and civic engagement in his community through his activism at Knots4Kids, T. Leroy Jefferson Medical Society, and twotime chair of the group’s annual health fair which has benefited thousands of underserved children in Palm Beach. Lastly, the Charles E. Perry Young Alumni Visionary Award recipient, Manny Varas, class of 2010 and an MBA in 2014. Manny, the president and CEO of MV Group, a full service construction company, has made great strides in the early stages of his career. These individuals, Mr. Speaker, and the many other distinguished alumni honored this year exemplify what it means to be an FIU Panther. Their service to the betterment of our community makes them valuable and deserving of this great honor. I congratulate them all. Go Panthers. 
VALENTINE’S DAY DOMESTIC ABUSE REMINDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today is Valentine’s Day. Children will pass around cards and candy at school. Young men and women will gather the courage to speak with their crush, and many couples will get engaged to marry. I sent my first Valentine, my mother, flowers. I will spend this evening telling my wife, Monica, and my girls, Sky and Sage, the many ways that I love and appreciate them over FaceTime. But for many, today is not a joyous day. There are too many victims of domestic abuse who live in homes of broken hearts and who search for love but find violence instead. No form of mental, emotional, sexual, or physical abuse is acceptable no matter who it is from or under any circumstance, period. I thank the many organizations, like Shelter From the Storm, Coachella Valley Rescue Mission, and others in my district, for the refuge and support that they provide. To the victims: I want you to know that you are not broken and you are not at fault. You are a survivor and you have the courage. Help is only one phone call away. Happy Valentine’s Day. f 
b1015 ILLEGAL ALIEN AMNESTY FINANCIAL COSTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, America cannot afford to be the world’s orphanage because we simply do not have the money. America’s 2015 deficit was $438 billion. America’s 2016 deficit deteriorated to $585 billion. America’s 2017 deficit deteriorated yet again to $666 billion. Now, thanks to last week’s debt junkie spending bill, America faces a trilliondollar deficit this year. By every account, America’s deficit threatens a dangerous insolvency and bankruptcy that will destroy the America it took our ancestors centuries to build. Let there be no mistake about it, illegal aliens are a large part of America’s debt problem. Per a recent Federation for American Immigration Reform study, illegal aliens are a $116 billion per year net tax loss to American taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. America tried amnesty in 1986, and it failed miserably, turning a 1 to 2 million illegal alien problem into today’s 15 million illegal alien disaster. Why? Because amnesty does not stop illegal conduct; rather, it encourages illegal conduct. It baffles me that Washington’s ‘‘Surrender Caucus’’ refuses to learn from history and anxiously seeks to repeat 1986’s bad mistake, at great cost to America. And the cost is great. A 2015 Center for Immigration Studies report disclosed that more than 60 percent of households that have an illegal alien in them are on welfare, compared to only 30 percent of households 
with no immigrants in them. Consistent with that data, the Congressional Budget Office determined that the Democrats’ Dream Act that gives amnesty to illegal aliens and that Democrats recently shut down the government over costs Federal taxpayers $26 billion. And that $26 billion net tax loss to Federal taxpayers does not include even larger State and local tax losses. By any measure, any amnesty, including amnesty for DACA illegal aliens, makes the illegal alien problem worse and, over the long haul, costs American taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars America does not have, has to borrow to get, and cannot afford to pay back. Of course, the leftist mainstream media rarely shares these facts with Americans because it undermines their fake news narrative that Dreamer amnesty pays for itself. Mr. Speaker, the executive branch must do its job. The executive branch must catch and evict illegal aliens. It is that simple. Further, the executive branch must enforce section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, which states that no person may seek admission to the United States or become a permanent resident if the individual, ‘‘at the time of application for admission or adjustment of status, is likely at any time to become a public charge.’’ If the executive branch will simply enforce America’s immigration laws, there will be no illegal alien problem and taxpayers will, over the long haul, save hundreds of billions of dollars that could be better spent on debt reduction or American citizens. Unfortunately, instead of insisting that the executive branch enforce the law, Washington’s ‘‘Surrender Caucus’’ wants to give up and grant amnesty to illegal aliens, thereby, again, naively rewarding illegal conduct at great cost to American taxpayers. In so doing, Washington’s ‘‘Surrender Caucus’’ betrays American families and taxpayers who must foot the bill for yet another bad mistake by Washington that is motivated by election year politics, not America’s best interests. 
DEFENDING FREEDOM OF SPEECH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am always honored to stand in the well of the House. Mr. Speaker, today I rise as a liberated Democrat, a liberated Democrat who will not only speak truth to power but who will also speak truth about power. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to defend freedom of speech. I rise to defend the freedom of speech of The Hill newspaper. I defend the freedom of speech of The Hill newspaper when it printed these words: ‘‘‘Morning Joe’ host’’—I won’t mention his name—‘‘said on Sunday that the Democratic Party should take away funding from Democratic candidates who talk about impeaching President Trump on the campaign trail.’’ I am such a candidate. I have talked about impeaching the President, and I will continue to talk about impeaching the President. I am defending The Hill for printing this, by the way. The Hill goes on to say: ‘‘Any Democrat mentioning the word ‘impeachment’ on the campaign trail should have their campaign funds pulled by the Democratic Party.’’ This is what was tweeted by the host of ‘‘Morning Joe’’: ‘‘I defend The Hill’s right to print it, and I defend the right of ‘Morning Joe’ host to say what he said, and I hope people will defend and respect my right to say what I’m about to say. ‘‘I will not be intimidated. I want the host to know that, if those who have threatened my life couldn’t intimidate me, he will not. I want the host to know that I spoke about impeachment just this weekend that passed.’’ And I am looking to future engagements to speak about impeachment. And I will bring Articles of Impeachment to the floor of the House of Representatives again if conditions require it. I am not afraid. I have no fear of these people who would have me abrogate my constitutional rights. I will stand and defend them, and I will exercise my rights. The truth is this: We all have a duty to speak up and speak out and stand up. That is what I will do. God bless you. Happy Valentine’s Day. f 
RECOGNIZING BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS OF BUCKS COUNTY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Big Brothers Big Sisters of Bucks County, which has served tens of thousands of kids in our community since its founding in 1963. The Bucks County chapter is unique. Since 2015, they have piloted an expansion of their mentorship program, which pairs elementary schools with high school mentors to include children with autism spectrum disorder. This tailored program caters to the students’ unique needs, providing these children with two specially trained high school mentors rather than one to ensure a greater level of stability. The program has been so successful that Big Brothers Big Sisters of Bucks County is now looking to expand it. Their community mentorship program matches atrisk youth ages 6 to 16 with volunteer mentors. This program provides caring adult role models who consistently spend time with their ‘‘littles’’ to help them make good choices so that they may become productive, responsible, and engaged young adults. I want to highlight the story of John Wilson, the board president and an individual who himself benefited from Big Brothers Big Sisters. John’s father passed away when he was 5. He was matched with a big brother when he was 12 at a point when, in his own words, he was at a significant risk of heading in the wrong direction. He credits his mentor with having a profound impact on his life, without whom his life could have turned out very differently, in John’s words. John graduated from college, enjoyed a successful career, and now gives back as president of the board. John is still in contact with his big brother and working hard to pay back the investment made in him years ago. To all those involved in Big Brothers Big Sisters, including John, we thank you for your work in helping our youth in Bucks County. SAVE STONE MEADOWS FARM  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, growing up in Middletown Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and as a current Middletown Township resident now representing my hometown in Congress, I have seen my community change throughout the years. The one constant, however, has always been the presence of Stone Meadows Farm, one of the last remaining active agricultural lands in our township. The 168 acre farm has a rich history that connects the present to the past; and, as development continues throughout our region, Stone Meadows Farm reminds residents why we chose to live in beautiful Middletown Township, Pennsylvania. I firmly believe that this is something worth preserving. In Bucks County, we are fortunate that our local and county leaders continue to make concerted efforts to preserve our open spaces, and here in Congress I am working to support preservation and land conservation efforts nationwide. I stand ready to work with any government official and our citizens, like members of the Save Stone Meadow Farm movement, who share this goal to preserve our quality of life and the character of our community. Whether in our hometown or across our great Nation, we must stand ready to preserve and protect our open spaces from overdevelopment. 
HIGHLIGHTING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE DAIRY INDUSTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday morning, I had the opportunity to attend part of Fulton Bank’s 39th annual Agriculture Seminar, which is a daylong informational event that draws individuals from all over the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The event is free and 
featured numerous speakers, including agriculture economist Andrew Frankenfield and other industry experts. Mr. Speaker, as the House Committee on Agriculture prepares the next farm bill, there has been universal agreement that the dairy industry’s Margin Protection Program needs to be reformed in advance. To address this, we were able to make muchneeded changes in last week’s bipartisan budget deal. The final agreement took a number of actions that will revamp the program to better serve participating dairy farmers. To help the program to be more accurate and responsive during difficult months, monthly margined calculations have been changed to bimonthly. To help the program better reflect the growth in dairy herd sizes, the new law expands the first tier from 4 million to 5 million pounds. The new law raises the catastrophic coverage level from $4 per hundred weight to $5 per hundred weight for the first tier of covered production. It also reduces premiums for the first 5 million pounds of production, making higher levels of coverage more affordable to provide more protection against low margins. Finally, the new law allows for the development of insurance policies for livestock producers, including for dairy farmers. This change encourages further adequate risk management tools are available the next time they are faced with disaster. Mr. Speaker, the state of the dairy industry is much different today than it was when the last farm bill was written. Today we see low milk prices that have impacted the dairy industry across the country. The House Committee on Agriculture is not only aware of the challenges facing the industry, but we are working to help bring relief. Another factor negatively impacting the dairy industry is declining milk consumption. This not only negatively affects dairy farms and farm families across the country but also students and their overall nutrition. Despite the fact that public school enrollment was growing, schools served 213 million fewer halfpints of milk between 2014 and 2016. Children over 4 years old are not meeting the recommended daily servings of dairy in the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. We know that milk is a nutritional powerhouse. Given the nutritional value of milk and because students need to be nourished to be at their best, this is a cause for concern. Steadily decreasing participation in the School Lunch Program, coupled with the fact that flavored milk, the most popular variety in schools, must be fat free under the current law, has led to an alarming decline in overall milk consumption. We have lost an entire generation of milk drinkers, and they have lost out, that generation, on the nourishment and nutrition that comes from milk. Providing students the option to consume milk with flavor has the potential to positively affect milk consumption trends among children and adults, while supporting the local dairy farmers. This is why I introduced H.R. 4101, the School Milk Nutrition Act. This bill provides the schools the option of offering lowfat, 1 percent, flavored milk instead of only fat free. On November 29, 2017, USDA Secretary Sonny Perdue announced a new USDA rule that expands options for milk in school lunches. b1030 Similar to my legislation, this rule gives schools the option to serve low fat, 1 percent, flavored milk. Thankfully, this rule will be in effect for fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019. I look forward to continuing to craft a farm bill that puts forth the very best policy for our farmers, our families, and all Americans. I know Secretary Perdue supports the legislation, H.R. 4101, moving ahead to codify what he has been able to do with what flexibility he has and to get that done for our kids and for the dairy industry. 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF SARAH JANECEK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Sarah Janecek, a friend who passed away unexpectedly and far too soon. Sarah was one of Minnesota’s best political commentators. As a strategist, she understood all sides of the issues and brought humor everywhere she went. Over the course of her career, Sarah built relationships across the political spectrum. She was known for lending her honesty and wit to every encounter. She commanded respect by becoming a source of political knowledge through her writing, newsletters, and commentary, and she was sought after by local and national media to provide her insights on Minnesota’s unusual politics. Our community has suffered a great loss. Sarah’s bright spirit will, indeed, be missed. My deepest condolences go out to her family and loved ones. Sarah had a great heart, and we will all miss her. 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Wright County Sheriff Joe Hagerty. Joe retires after 33 honorable years of service to the third largest sheriff’s office in the State of Minnesota. He has a reputation for honesty and has become someone that we all trust. Our community has been honored to have a public servant with Joe’s level of integrity and accountability. His respect for the rule of law and compassion for his fellow citizens made him an exceptional sheriff. During his time in office, Joe fostered a relationship with neighboring counties to share a crime lab, which helped solve cases and bring justice. Every single day, Joe put the safety of Minnesotans above all else. Sheriff Hagerty, I speak on behalf of all Minnesotans when I say: Thank you. We wish you a happy and healthy and welldeserved retirement. RECOGNIZING CARVER COUNTY SHERIFF JIM  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank Carver County Sheriff Jim Olson for his incredible 31 years of service to the people of Minnesota. In Jim’s threeplus decades on the force, Sheriff Olson oversaw some of Carver County’s most exciting and turbulent times. When the Ryder Cup was held in Chaska, Minnesota, in 2016, Jim managed safety operations and maintained a familyfriendly environment for everyone. After the passing of Minnesota legend Prince, Jim ensured that Paisley Park in Carver County remained a safe place for Prince’s fans to mourn. Jim has dedicated his life to Carver County, serving as an instructor of the Carver County Citizens Academy to inform the public about the services and role of the sheriff’s office. Impressively, he also serves as a member of the Carver County Mental Health Consortium to spread awareness of mental health resources. He has been a faithful, selfless servant leader to the citizens of Carver County. Sheriff Olson, thank you for your service. We wish you the best in your retirement. 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of one of Minnesota’s outstanding businessmen, Butch Ames. As chief executive officer and cofounder of Ames Construction, a familyowned and privately held construction company headquartered in Minnesota, Butch has built and grown the industry nationwide. Ames Construction is known for heavy civil, transportation, and mining construction. With Butch at the helm, the company continues to grow and expand its reach all across the Nation. They have completed notable projects, such as Denver’s International Airport, the I–15 corridor reconstruction project in Salt Lake City, the Loop 202 in Phoenix, and the St. Croix River Crossing in Minnesota. Butch holds his company to a standard of professionalism and safety that is unparalleled, serving this Nation and his industry proudly. Congratulations, Butch. 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Torah Academy for entering their 73rd year educating Jewish children in Minnesota. From the 
beginning and to this day, Torah Academy maintains a focus on strengthening the mind and spirit of our future leaders. Because of educators like Dean and Rabbi Pinchus Idstein and Principal Matthew Cleary, Torah Academy offers a quality education on firm spiritual grounding. Pillars of our strong local community like Dr. Joey Greenberg and his wife, Mrs. Marina Greenberg, spread kindness and generosity to make certain Torah can execute its mission and goals. A special thankyou to Citizens Independent Bank, that also dedicates their support. Torah students succeed because their community supports them, and they are guaranteed to make their corner of the world a better place. Congratulations to Torah Academy for a successful 73 years. We wish you many more. 
HONORING DR. ROSEMARY JACKSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute and honor the memory of Dr. Rosemary Jackson. Dr. Jackson was an educator in Chicago. Dr. Jackson was an entrepreneur. Dr. Jackson was an exceptional community leader who passed away last week and leaves behind a stellar legacy that will endure throughout the years. Dr. Jackson was a lifelong Chicago resident who had a passion for education, a passion that began when she was a young girl. She received her Ph.D. from Loyola University and her master’s degree from both National College of Education and DePaul University. Beginning her career as an English teacher at her alma mater, John Marshall High School—my alma mater— she went on to teach at local institutions such as Hyde Park High School on the South Side in my district, KennedyKing College in my district, and her beloved DePaul University. In all of these places, Mr. Speaker, Dr. Jackson deeply touched countless lives and inspired so many young people. Dr. Jackson, Mr. Speaker, was a pillar of the community and a person deeply committed to public service. She was also a member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, for which she chaired several committees during her 50year tenure as an active member. Beyond her love for education and her love for community service, Dr. Jackson was a beloved wife and mother. She was the vice chairman and the chief administrative officer at Chicago based Central City Productions, the business that she helped develop with her lifelong partner, her devoted husband, my longtime friend, Mr. Donald Jackson. Central City Productions, Mr. Speaker, is best known for producing the Stellar Awards, the first and the oldest televised awards show in our Nation that honored gospel music artists for over 33 years. Dr. Jackson achieved so much in her life through hard work and determination. She never gave up, always fought for what was right, and made it her life’s mission to help students in Chicago explore their potential and their educational possibility. Dr. Jackson was a truly remarkable, smart, and phenomenal woman who enjoyed the arts, sports, and loved line dancing. She had a smile that would light up a room. Dr. Jackson will be missed by her family, her friends, our city, our State and, indeed, our Nation and all those who fondly remember her beautiful and loving spirit. I was blessed to know her, and Chicago was better because of her. My heart goes out to her entire family. The last time I saw Dr. Jackson was last year. My late wife, Carolyn, and I were going into one of our favorite restaurants in the Hyde Park community and Rose and Don Jackson, her husband, were leaving, and we stopped for a moment and had a conversation. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of the First Congressional District of Illinois, thank you, Rose. Thank you. God bless you. Enjoy your rest. You have earned it. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. February weather would deceive us and have us think spring is yet a long way off. Yet, even as cold winds blow and penetrate the depths of the Earth, Your laws nurture new life. Winter’s weight breaks off what seems unfruitful branches and rushing streams wash away all that is rootless. Invigorate the House of Representatives, that restorative justice may inspire new confidence in this Nation and the work of Congress may produce a fruitful land. Grant that the daily work of Your people might silence a cynical world with blossoms of truth, and early growth release the scent of eternal life in the seasons of our lifeline and forever. May all that is done this day in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. ROBY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the President and our Republican colleagues are at it again, promoting economic policies that enrich the wealthy and the biggest corporations in our country. That will hurt middle class families. We saw it in the tax scam. We see it in the President’s budget. And now we even see it in the infrastructure proposal. President Trump proposes a $200 billion infrastructure plan that will raise fees and tolls on commuters, burden cities and States and ask others to fill the funding gap, sells off infrastructure to Wall Street and private companies, and ends vital worker and environmental protections. The Democrats have proposed a better deal: a $1 trillion investment, five times the President’s plan, to really rebuild America. It will create 6 million goodpaying jobs. It will deliver lower prices and better choices for consumers. It safeguards clean air and clean water and worker protection. It builds more resilient infrastructure to withstand climate change and ensures products are built with American materials. There is a real contrast here between what the President has proposed, which is basically to shift the burden to cities and States and for the Federal Government to abandon its responsibility to help rebuild our country. The Democrats have a better deal than this raw deal. It is a deal to rebuild our country to create 16 million goodpaying jobs to make sure the Federal Government remains a real partner in rebuilding America. 
SHERIFF GRADY JUDD NAMED PRESIDENT OF THE MAJOR COUNTY SHERIFFS OF AMERICA (Mr. ROSS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of a man whose service to his community has resulted in greater safety, security, and justice in Polk County, Florida. Sheriff Grady Judd, a stalwart of law enforcement in the 15th District and a dear friend, has been sworn into the role of president of the Major County Sheriffs of America, a position to which he will bring his knowledge, his skill, and his integrity to advocate for safer communities across our great Nation. For centuries, the AngloAmerican sheriff system has produced officers who secure the peace and prosperity of the land, and even two American Presidents, Grover Cleveland and Teddy Roosevelt, served in such a capacity. Sheriff Judd has long been an advocate for the rule of law, and we will all benefit as he rises to this position to fight to uphold the noble tradition of keeping the peace. My deepest congratulations to Sheriff Judd and his family, and to the Major County Sheriffs of America, who do such important work to keep us all safe. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, this week, the longawaited Trump infrastructure plan was finally released. What a disappointment, after coming here a year ago and promising a $1 trillion plan. Then, in his State of the Union, saying it is going to be even bigger—huge— $1.5 trillion. In the fine print, however, $1.3 trillion of the $1.5 trillion comes from communities like my hometown of Flint, Michigan. Now, let’s be clear. If States and local communities had an extra $1.3 trillion laying around, they would be servicing those roads and bridges. They would be rebuilding their water systems. They would be doing this work already. If we are going to have a Federal infrastructure plan, we need to have a Federal infrastructure plan that is really investment and not just checking the box so that the President can say he submitted a big, bold infrastructure plan. Well, it is not big and bold, from the Federal Government’s point of view. The $200 billion investment from the Federal Government, offset by a $170 billion reduction, boils down to $3 billion a year over 10 years. That is not big. That is not bold. That won’t fix the roads and bridges in this country. 
NO MORE ‘‘STRATEGIC PATIENCE’’ WITH IRAN (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, Iran has wrongfully seized another American hostage. Morad Tahbaz, a dual American and Iranian citizen, was volunteering with the Persian Wildlife Heritage Foundation when he was maliciously arrested. This is in addition to the tragic news that Canadian Kavous Seyed Emami, who was arrested working with the Foundation, died last week under suspicious circumstances in an Iranian prison. Morad Tahbaz is the CEO of the Persian Wildlife Heritage Foundation and former president of Empire Resorts. He attended Colgate University and Columbia Business School. He is an upstanding American citizen who does not deserve to be treated like a criminal, nor a political pawn, by a rogue regime as he promotes the extraordinary heritage of Persia. The Obama administration caved to the dangerous ransom deals with Iran, but ‘‘strategic patience’’ only emboldened them to subjugate the brave citizens of Iran. As the Iranian Government continues to undermine peace, free nations must work together to address this serious threat. I support Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley in calling for the release of all American citizens unjustly detained in Iran. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
NATIONAL CHILDREN’S DENTAL HEALTH MONTH (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, February is National Children’s Dental Health Month. During this month, we raise awareness about the importance of oral health, especially for America’s kids. Tooth decay is the most common chronic childhood disease—five times more common than asthma and seven times more common than hay fever. Oral health status is directly tied to academic achievement and school attendance. One way we can fix this is by passing my Action for Dental Health Act, H.R. 2422, which was unanimously reported out of the Energy and Commerce Committee on September 25. This bipartisan bill is cosponsored by 83 Members and supported by the American Dental Association, the National Dental Association, the American Dental Education Association, and 39 other advocacy groups. Once enacted, this bill will empower the CDC to deliver more and better healthcare to underserved populations, especially urban and rural communities, and increase education about the importance of oral health. I am proud to be working with Congressman MIKESIMPSON from Idaho on this bipartisan bill. I ask the Speaker to schedule a vote on the bill before the end of National Children’s Dental Health Month. Lastly, I would like to wish my colleagues and constituents a Happy Valentine’s Day. 
ADDRESSING ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, this week, the Senate is taking action to address 
our illegal immigration problem, so I rise today to share some feedback from the people I represent in Alabama’s Second Congressional District. I recently held two telephone townhall events to hear directly from some of my constituents. Let me start by thanking every person who took the time to participate and ask questions. During both townhalls, I asked everyone what their top priority was regarding our country’s illegal immigration issue, and the vast majority of participants said they are most concerned about securing our border. I couldn’t agree more. I have always said that, in order to truly fix our immigration system, we absolutely have to start by securing our border. If I had a leak in my house, I wouldn’t start by replacing the damaged drywall. I would fix the leak first. Mr. Speaker, the same idea applies for our illegal immigration problem. We will only be able to make real progress towards fixing the issue once we secure our border once and for all. I am proud to support these efforts in the House, and I stand ready to continue to work to tackle this problem where it starts: at the border. 
TRUMPISM (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, outside this building, more and more Republicans bemoan the effect of Trumpism on their party. We should take a moment to define this new phenomenon. Trumpism is when the whims of our authoritarian President ‘‘trump’’ the values Republicans once stood for. It is when evangelicals say character doesn’t matter. It is when ‘‘rule of law’’ constitutionalists shield Trump by attacking the institutions that guarantee the rule of law. It is when First Amendment champions join Trump in attacking our free press. It is when Russia hawks bow and scrape before a President who chooses to believe his pal Vladimir over our own intelligence agencies. Trumpism is when this House, which is supposed to conduct serious oversight, acts like Trump’s lapdog, ignoring or abetting corruption and obstruction of justice. Because Trumpism threatens democracy, many Republicans are leaving their party or, like George Bush’s speechwriter, Michael Gerson, are calling on voters to deliver a message this fall. Without that political jolt, Gerson writes, ‘‘elected Republicans will just keep clinging to the USS Trump as it sinks further into the swamp.’’ Now that we have defined Trumpism, let’s work together to save this country from it. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. AMERICANS SUPPORT WELFARE REFORM (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the welfare system in America has a problem and the great majority of Americans want to fix it. Since 2000, the amount of Federal dollars spent on Medicaid that goes to ablebodied adults has increased 713 percent. The amount spent on food stamps for ablebodied adults has increased nearly 500 percent. These figures do not include seniors or individuals with disabilities. Every welfare dollar that is spent on ablebodied, workingage adults diverts resources from the very individuals the program was designed to help—the truly needy—and from other important priorities such as education and public safety. The solution is a work requirement. Ablebodied adults on welfare should be required to work, get training, or perform community service to receive benefits. An overwhelming 90 percent of voters support this reform, which could move 10 million ablebodied adults off of welfare. Those who can work, should. Work is essential to helping individuals regain their independence and selfworth. f 
b1215 COMMEMORATING 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 911 SYSTEM (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the 911 system and to honor its founder, Congressman Ed Roush from Huntington, Indiana. As the representative for my northeast Indiana district, the late Congressman Roush was a driving force behind the efforts to create one central telephone number that citizens could use in a time of crisis to receive help. Launching a oneman crusade in the House, Congressman Roush wrote to all 50 Governors and countless public servants to gain support for an emergency phone number that was easy to remember under stress and short enough to dial quickly. On March 1, 1968, the congressman’s efforts were successful, and the 911 system went live in Huntington, Indiana, with Congressman Roush placing the first test call. Due to his efforts, Huntington led the way for other municipalities to adopt the important emergency system that has saved so many lives. Hoosiers are proud of the late Congressman Roush for his leadership 50 years ago on this initiative. We as a nation are safer due to his efforts and the everyday lifesaving actions of 911 operators and first responders. RECOGNIZING COLORADO OLYMPIANS (Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Olympic athletes from the great State of Colorado. The Olympics are a demonstration of fellowship, sportsmanship, commitment, determination, and grit—a wonderful example for the world. There are 36 Olympians participating from Colorado, the most from any State in the USA, and they are competing in 17 different disciplines. I am proud to say that 12 of these Olympic athletes are from Colorado’s Second Congressional District. Lindsey Vonn, Mikaela Shiffrin, Sarah Schleper, Joanne Reid, Casey Andringa, Chris Del Bosco, Jaelin Kauf, Mike Testwuide, Katie Uhlaender, Chris Corning, Kyle Mack, and Red Gerard all hail from the Second Congressional District of Colorado. And I am exceptionally proud that this past Saturday Red Gerard, at 17 years old, from Silverthorne, Colorado, won the Pyeongchang Olympic Gold Medal for the United States, the first Olympic Gold Medal for Team USA, before going from last place to first place on the final run. Red learned to snowboard right in his backyard in beautiful Summit County. Another young Coloradoan, Arielle Gold—and Gold is a great name if you are going to be an Olympian—despite dislocating her shoulder in training earlier in the week, is bringing home a bronze medal in the women’s halfpipe. Those are just two of the 36 Olympic stories from Colorado. I wish I had time to talk about the other 34 because their dedication, perseverance, and spirit is an inspiration to all Americans, and I am rooting for them every step of the way. USA. USA. USA. 
CHALLENGING MORNING JOE HOST FOR AN INVITATION TO SPEAK ON THE PROGRAM (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I am a proponent of impeachment. I have not only as much as said so but brought Articles of Impeachment before the House of Representatives. There are a good many people who are antithetical to my position, Mr. Speaker. As a Member of the House, I would challenge any Member who desires to debate this issue on the floor of the House. I would also challenge any member of a morning program, ‘‘Morning Joe,’’ who believes that he should back up his words, to talk to me on his program. Never talked to me. Never said a word. 
Would you invite me on your program and show the courage to speak of these issues with me there so that I may defend and you may attack? 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 620, ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3299, PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3978, TRID IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2018, THROUGH FEBRUARY 23, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 736 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on House Resolution 736, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring forward this rule today on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act; H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act; and H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. The rule provides for one hour of debate on H.R. 620, equally divided between the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit and makes in order multiple amendments from colleagues on both sides of the aisle. It also provides for one hour of debate on the two Financial Services bills, with time equally divided between the chairman and ranking member of that committee. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from my fellow Judiciary Committee members: Mr. NADLER , Mr. P OE, as well as Mr. L ANGEVIN . We also heard from Mr. H ILLand Ms. WATERS on the Financial Services bill. H.R. 620 received consideration by the Judiciary Committee and enjoyed a rigorous markup process. H.R. 3299 and H.R. 3978 were considered and reported by the Financial Services Committee. The bills before us today address different topics on different segments of our economy and our Nation, but they have something in common. They are all progrowth bills aimed at righting wrongs, increasing common sense, and improving the way that the current system works. I am a cosponsor of H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act and, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, have had multiple occasions to talk and listen about this bill. It is sponsored by my good friend from Texas (Mr. POE), and several of my friends from both sides of the aisle have cosponsored this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have cosponsored this bill because I believe the Americans with Disabilities Act is critical legislation. No individual should ever suffer discrimination for any reason, and disabled individuals should have access to businesses and other sites that provide public accommodation. I am a former smallbusiness owner, so I speak from experience running businesses. Even more importantly, however, one of the main reasons I stand before you on this issue and behind this bill is I am the father of a strong, intelligent, capable, and a little sassy daughter named Jordan. Jordan is 26 years old and has spina bifida. Jordan has been in a wheelchair her entire life. Her first walk and first steps came in a little, pink wheelchair. Jordan makes this issue personal for me. Discrimination is unacceptable, and it is also unacceptable for opportunists to build a cottage industry of serial litigation on the backs of the disabled, especially when these drive by lawsuits offer little to no discernible benefit to disabled individuals. Mr. Speaker, my daughter Jordan helps me understand the importance of 
access to public space and the danger posed by lawsuits that exploit the disabled community instead of serving its members. I believe that there are good actors genuinely seeking to increase access and call to task those who block access to disabled individuals. Unfortunately, what we are seeing too often is bad actors intentionally exploiting the law for their own financial gain. When these bad actors, these serial litigants, clog up the courts by drive by lawsuits geared not at solutions but at profits, they take up time the courts could be using to address issues that truly need remediation. They also undermine the Americans with Disabilities Act. The intent and purpose of the ADA is not to drum up lawsuits; it is to prevent discrimination, increase access, and to protect those with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, the disability community, my daughter included, represents some of the strongest people I know. They have a voice, and they are powerful. Today, we are here making sure the law works better for them and that it isn’t being exploited by those who seek to undermine that law. Today, small businesses face legal fees and complex technical jargon when presented with an impediment to access. Most businesses want to fix such issues and would, but instead of being able to make this issue right, they are forced into court before they have the chance to do so. In some examples of these serial lawsuits, the issues have not even been perceptible to the human eye; in others, building codes have changed—and yes, even the ADA—yet business owners have been hauled into court before they have a chance to respond or to fix the problem. H.R. 620 ensures businesses have the opportunity to fix any access issues once they have been made aware of them. It provides notice and a cure period and clarifies the requirements for demand letters. It also provides training for business owners and State and local governments so that they can better understand proper ADA compliance. The number of ADA title III lawsuits has skyrocketed in recent years. Since 2013, there has been a 132 percent increase in the number of lawsuits in Federal courts. H.R. 620 addresses this problem in a smart way that maintains the integrity, purpose, and key provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act while ensuring there is a chance to fix access issues. This bill does not take away an individual’s right to sue for access. This bill does not overturn the ADA. It does give business owners a chance to fix ADA problems quickly. Some owners may not even actually realize they are not in compliance. Codes have changed, and there are literally hundreds of pages of compliance. b1230 That, however, is not an excuse for willful noncompliance. Far from it. But it is a reason that good actors who may need to update their accommodations should have a chance to do so. Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that this bill has bipartisan support and that the Rules Committee made in order several amendments from Members on both sides of the aisle so that we can consider ideas to even further strengthen this legislation. I would ask that all Members listen to that amendment debate because these amendments do have an impact on this bill, and I would encourage them to be a part of that. H.R. 620 makes sense and focuses on fixing issues rather than spending money on trials or, better yet, extorting money from businesses with no thought of helping those with disabilities. We also have a chance to consider some other commonsense measures today with the two important Financial Services bills also provided for by this rule. H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act, was introduced by Mr. MCHENRY and Mr. M EEKS , and reported by the Financial Services Committee with bipartisan support. Similar language was included in the Housepassed CHOICE Act last year. This legislation codifies the ‘‘valid whenmade’’ doctrine, a longstanding legal principle that, if a loan is valid when it is made with respect to its interest rate, then it does not become invalid or unenforceable when assigned to another party. This bill is a response to the 2015 decision by the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Madden v. Midland, which appears to have ignored the longstanding legal principle. The decision in the Madden case created instability and uncertainty in the secondary credit market, and restricts the availability of loans to borrowers, particularly those with less access to traditional lending sources. It has also led to regulatory uncertainty and fallout for fintech lenders. My home State of Georgia has an increasing presence in fintech, and H.R. 3299 provides a legislative fix that increases certainty and supports economic opportunity. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, we are here to discuss 3978, the TRID Improvement Act, which incorporates numerous important provisions from several smart Financial Services bills. It was introduced by Congressman HILLfrom Arkansas, and takes steps to provide important regulatory relief and make capital markets more competitive and efficient. DoddFrank led to an explosion of regulations and requirements that ultimately have squeezed access to capital, created hurdles to smaller market entrants, and imposed burdens on small businesses, startups, and investors. One especially critical provision is H.R. 3978, the language authored by Mr. DUFFY from Wisconsin. This provision prohibits the SEC from compelling the production of source code or similar intellectual property without a subpoena. The SEC has had a data breach, and the GAO has been critical of its cybersecurity. I think Mr. DUFFY and Mr. H ILL, along with my colleague DAVID SCOTT from Georgia, are right to recognize that we shouldn’t be forcing SEC registered entities to hand over their highly sensitive source code without due process protections. This legislation ensures normal processes can be followed to access this information is needed, but prevents unnecessary disclosures of this intellectual property. Mr. Speaker, source code for security and other financial entities is similar to what the Coke recipe is to Coca Cola, or the doughnut recipe is to Krispy Kreme. It is critical intellectual property that represents the backbone of a company. This bill makes clear that this sensitive and highly valuable information doesn’t have to be simply handed over to the SEC with the hope that the information remains secure. H.R. 3978 includes numerous other key provisions, including recognizing unique needs of emerging growth companies and tailoring regulatory burdens accordingly, and requiring the CFPB—the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau—to allow for more accurate and clear calculations to be provided to consumers when they purchase lenders and owners title insurance policies. Mr. Speaker, today, you are seeing a theme. You are seeing a rule that provides for numerous bills that make commonsense changes to the current system to spur growth and simply increases fairness. And you are seeing bipartisan bills, including bipartisan amendments, that will be coming forward on this in support of these bills. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, today, sadly, we find ourselves considering legislation that would actually make it easier for unscrupulous payday lenders to actually skirt State interest rate caps and another bill that guts enforcement of the Americans with Disabilities Act that puts an unfair burden on people with disabilities. These bills hurt the American people. Instead of spending our time here debating a very important immigration bill, like the Senate is doing across the way, we are considering bills that will only harm our most vulnerable populations. Over on the other side of the Capitol, the Senate is having an open debate about immigration in our country. This House owes the American people no less. The Senate is trying to find solutions to help the hundreds of thousands of DACA recipients, to improve border security, or to address family reunification. The Senate is debating different proposals from both sides of 
the aisle. We will see what they come up with. Again, this House is simply not doing its job. This House is doing nothing to improve border security, nothing to address the DACA recipients or family reunification. Over here, there is not even a plan to bring any immigration bill or amendment to the floor. In fact, there is no commitment at all to actually address the issues that the American people care about. We have bipartisan bills today that Speaker RYAN could bring to the floor. They would pass with probably 70 or 60 percent of the vote. Mr. Speaker, the March 5 deadline for DACA protections is rapidly approaching. There is no plan in place to protect Dreamers like Anareli, Marcos, and Javier in my district. Instead, over 800,000 young adults are trying to see what happens next, hoping that the court system intervenes, hoping that somebody somewhere does something so they can continue to live and work legally in the only country that they know, the country that they call home, the United States of America. I have offered the Dream Act as an amendment to every spending bill that has come through the Rules Committee. I will continue to do so until we finally get it done. But, again, instead of bringing up a bill to help protect Dreamers before the selfTrumpimposed March 5 deadline, the House will consider legislation that undermines the civil rights of disabled Americans, and it also makes it easier for predatory lenders to evade consumer protection laws. And people wonder why the House of Representatives is as unpopular as it is. H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act is a bill that hurts consumers. It is one that makes it easier for payday lenders to evade well thoughtout Statelevel protection laws. That is why over 200 national and State organizations have written in opposition to this bill, which they fear would open the floodgates for predatory lending with interest rates as high as 300 percent. Additionally, 20 State attorneys general have also written in opposition. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  these two letters. 
NOVEMBER 29, 2017. Re Oppose H.R. 3299 (McHenry) and S. 1642 (Warner), Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. DEAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : The undersigned 202 national and state organizations write in strong opposition to H.R. 3299 (McHenry) and S. 1642 (Warner), the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. The primary impact of this bill will be enabling nonbank lenders to make highcost loans that exceed state interest rate limits by using a bank to originate the loan. The bill poses a serious risk of enabling predatory lending and unsafe lending practices. Unaffordable loans have devastating consequences for borrowers—trapping them in a cycle of unaffordable payments and leading to harms such as greater delinquency on other bills. Specifically, the bill makes it easier for payday lenders and other nonbanks to use rentabank arrangements to ignore state interest rate caps and make highrate loans. The bill overrides the Second Circuit’s Madden v. Midland decision, which held that a debt buyer purchasing debts originated by a national bank could not benefit from the National Bank Act’s preemption of state interest rate caps. The Madden decision did not limit the interest rates that banks may charge on credit cards and other forms of credit, but it does limit nonbanks from evading state interest rate caps. Reversing the Second Circuit’s decision, as this bill seeks to do, would make it easier for payday lenders, debt buyers, online lenders, fintech companies, and other companies to use ‘‘renta bank’’ arrangements to charge high rates on loans. The bill provides that ‘‘a loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest . . . shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’ In other words, if a bank originates a loan that exceeds state interest rate caps, and then sells or assigns the loan to a nonbank, that nonbank can continue to charge a usurious rate. This bill could open the floodgates to a wide range of predatory actors to make loans at 300% annual interest or higher. The bill could bless arrangements such as the partnership between the payday lender Elevate and Republic Bank, through which Elevate is making highcost loans that exceed state interest rate caps. Through its Elastic brand, Elevate offers purportedly openend loans in 39 states and the District of Columbia. Elevate does not disclose an APR, but a $380 advance repaid with monthly minimum payments would cost $480 to repay over five months. Including all fees, the annual rate for this extension of credit is about 100%, which is nearly three times the 36% legal interest rate approved by voters in Montana, one of the states where the lines of credit are offered. Through its Rise brand, Elevate also makes closedend loans at rates up to 365% in states where those rates are permitted, and it could attempt to expand to other states. Enova, dba NetCredit, also offers highcost installment loans in a number of states through a rentabank partnership. Enova, like Elevate, relies on Republic Bank and Trust to facilitate this scheme. Other payday lenders have regularly attempted to avoid state usury caps through rentabank arrangements. For example, CashCall has attempted to partner with banks to make usurious loans in several states. Courts have struck down those arrangements, finding that CashCall had to comply with state interest rate caps. The bill could undermine these decisions, by stating that a loan’s interest rate remains valid even if a loan is transferred or assigned to a third party and ‘‘may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’ This could allow highrate lenders to use banks to originate and then immediately transfer usurious loans. This bill is a massive attack on state consumer protection laws. In a letter by 20 State Attorneys General opposing provisions in another bill that would have overturned the Madden decision, the state law enforcement officers warned that the bill ‘‘would restrict states’ abilities to enforce interest rate caps. It is essential to preserve the ability of individual states to enforce their existing usury caps and oppose any measures to enact a federal law that would preempt state usury caps.’’’ In fact, the Colorado Attorney General is in the midst of challenging online lenders’ use of a rentabank scheme to make loans in violation of the state’s usury limits. This bill aims to thwart actions like these that seek to enforce state laws. The potential costs and damage to consumers are significant. In about 34 states, a $2,000 loan, 2year installment loan at an APR exceeding 36% would be illegal. This bill risks making highcost loans permissible across the country. The bill also could potentially expand shortterm payday lending to the 15 states plus the District of Colombia whose state interest rate limits currently save borrowers over $2.2 billion annually in payday loan fees. Fintech lenders also should not be allowed to make loans that exceed state interest rate caps. State interest rate caps have not impacted responsible marketplace loans. The leading marketplace lenders do not make loans above 36% and the vast majority of their loans are well below that rate, comfortably within state interest rate caps. But the mere fact that a lender uses the label ‘‘fintech’’ or ‘‘martketplace lender’’ does not ensure that it is a safe or affordable loan. For example, OnDeck, a lender focused on small business lending, offers term loans up to 99%. Moreover, many marketplace lenders make very large loans of $30,000 to $50,000 or higher, and even 36% is a very high rate for such loans. Many states have tiered rate structures in recognition that interest becomes more unaffordable the larger the loan. Iowa, for example, caps interest at 21% for loans over $10,000. There are also signs that some online lenders may not be appropriately underwriting their loans to ensure that the loans are affordable, and that many borrowers may not have the ability to repay, especially, if the economy sours. Recent news reports and SEC filings show that delinquency and chargeoff rates at these marketplace lenders are rising. One online lender apparently failed to verify a borrower’s income for a full two thirds of its loans in 2016. Another lender has had so many of its loans fail, that it has had to repay investors for their losses in the last three securitizations of the loans it bundled up and sold to Wall Street. This bill would weaken lenders’ incentive to underwrite properly by making it easier to make highrate loans. High interest rates result in misaligned incentives that can lead to lender profits but borrower catastrophe. Skewed incentives are already a problem in the marketplace loan industry. Moody’s creditrating firms liken this industry to mortgage lending in the years leading up to the 2008 financial crisis—‘‘because the companies that market the loans and approve them quickly sell them off to investors,’’ relieving themselves of the risk of the loan later going bad. This bill could make that problem worse. The bill is not necessary to ensure access to affordable credit. Proponents of this bill claim that the Madden decision has had an adverse impact on access to credit. They point to a study that showed a drop in marketplace lending by three lenders in the Second Circuit after the Madden decision for subprime borrowers, especially for those with FICO scores below 644. However, the study showed that these lenders offered only miniscule amounts of credit in the low FICO range even before the Madden decision. Thus, the impact on access to credit was trivial. Moreover, it is likely that the credit extended before the decision at the lower end of the FICO spectrum was made to borrowers who had trouble repaying, and that lenders were relying on high interest rates on large loans to compensate for high default rates. 
The bill wipes away the strongest available tool against predatory lending practices. Strong state rate caps, coupled with effective enforcement by states, remain the simplest and most effective method to protect consumers from the predatory lending debt trap. Contrary to what lenders often claim, robust state loan laws do not drive people to find loans online. In fact, illegal online lending is more prevalent in states that do not effectively regulate predatory lending than it is in states that enforce state interest rate caps. Accordingly, we urge you to reject this bill. For more information, contact Lauren Saunders at lsaunders@nclc.org or Scott Astrada at Scott.Astrada@responsiblelending.org. Action NC; Albany Center for Economic Success, Inc.; Allied Progress; Americans for Financial Reform; Arbor Farm Press; Arizona Community Action Association; Arizona PIRG; Arkansans Against Abusive Payday Lending; Ashe County Habitat for Humanity; Asheville Area Habitat for Humanity; Baker Organizing School South.; Baltimore Neighborhoods, Inc; Billings First Congregational Church; Brazos Valley Affordable Housing Corp.; Bucks County Women’s Advocacy Coalition; Business Outreach Center Network, Inc.; California Reinvestment Coalition; CALPIRG; Capital Good Fund; CARECEN–Central American Resource Center. Carolina Behavioral Health Alliance; Carolina Jews for Justice; CASH Campaign of Maryland; Catalyst Miami; Catholic Charities of Southern New Mexico; CCCS of WNC, Inc. DBA OnTrack Financial Education & Counseling; Cedar Grove Institute for Sustainable Communities; Center for Economic Integrity; Center for Economic Integrity— New Mexico Office; Center for Financial Social Work; Center for Global Policy Solutions; Center for Responsible Lending; CEO Pipe Organs/Golden Ponds Farm; Children First/Communities In Schools of Buncombe County; Church Women United in North Carolina; Clarifi; CO PIRG; Coalition on Homelessness and Housing in Ohio; College Park: An American Baptist Church; Colorado Center on Law & Policy; Communications Workers of America (CWA). Community Capital New York; Community Council of Metropolitan Atlanta; Community Economic Development Association of MI (CEDAM); Community Loan Fund of the Capital Region Inc.; Connecticut Association for Human Services; Connecticut Legal Services, Inc.; ConnPIRG; Consumer Action; Consumer Federation of America; Consumers Union; Covenant House of WV; Credit and Homeownership Empowerment Services Inc (CHES, Inc.); Credit Counseling Agencies of NC; Creighton College Democrats; Davidson Housing Coalition; Demos; Disability Rights North Carolina; Durham Regional Financial Center; East LA Community Corporation; Ecumenical Poverty Initiative; Empire Justice Center. Faith in Action Alabama; Faith in Texas; Fayetteville Area Habitat for Humanity; Federation of Democratic Women DAC; Financial Pathways of the Piedmont; Florida Alliance for Consumer Protection; Florida Alliance for Retired Americans; Florida Consumer Action Network; Florida PIRG; Fons Law Office, representing consumers; Georgia PIRG; Georgia Watch; Gowen Consulting; Greater Ward’s Corner Area Business Association (Virginia); Habitat for Humanity of Catawba Valley, Inc.; Habitat for Humanity of Davie County; Habitat for Humanity of Greater Greensboro; Habitat for Humanity of North Carolina; Heartland Alliance for Human Needs & Human Rights; Hispanic Baptist Convention of Texas; Hispanic Federation; HomesteadCS; Housing Consultants Group. IDA and Asset Building Collaborative of NC; Illinois People’s Action; Illinois PIRG; Indiana Assets & Opportunity Network; Indiana Institute for Working Families; Indiana PIRG; Innovative Systems Group; Iowa PIRG; Jesuit Social Research Institute at Loyola University New Orleans; Just Harvest; Kentucky Equal Justice Center; La Casa de Don Pedro; Legal Aid Justice Center (Virginia); Legal Aid Society of Milwaukee; Legal Services of Southern Piedmont; Long Island Housing Services, Inc.; Louisiana Budget Project; Lutheran Episcopal Advocacy Ministry NJ; Lutheran Advocacy Ministry—New Mexico; Maine Center for Economic Policy; Maryland Consumer Rights Coalition; Maryland PIRG; MASSPIRG; Metropolitan Milwaukee Fair Housing Council. MICAH; Mobilization for Justice, Inc.; Montana Organizing Project; Montebello Housing Development Corporation; MoPIRG; Mountain State Justice; NAACP; NAOMI; National Association of Consumer Advocates; National Association of Social Workers West Virginia Chapter; National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its lowincome clients); National Rural Social Work Caucus; Native Community Finance; NCPIRG; New Economics for Women; New Economy Project; New Jersey Appleseed Public Interest Law Center; New Jersey Citizen Action; New Jersey Tenants Organization; New Mexico Fair Lending Coalition; NHPIRG; NJPIRG; North Carolina A. Philip Randolph Institute, Inc. North Carolina Assets Alliance; North Carolina Council of Churches; North Carolina Housing Coalition; North Carolina Institute of Minority Economic Development; North Carolina Justice Center; North Carolina PIRG; North Carolina Rural Center; North Carolina State AFL–CIO; North Carolina United Methodist Conference; North Dakota Economic Security and Prosperity Alliance; OhioPIRG; Oklahoma Policy Institute; Oregon PIRG; PennPIRG; Pennsylvania Council of Churches; Pennsylvania Military Officers Association of America; Pennsylvania War Veterans Council; People’s Action Institute; Philadelphia Unemployment Project; Piedmont Housing Alliance (Virginia); PIRG in Michigan; Power New Mexico. Prince George’s CASH Campaign; Prosperity Indiana; Prosperity Works; Public Justice; Public Justice Center; Public Law Center; Reinvestment Partners; Rural Dynamics, Inc.; Safety MD LLC; Samaritan Ministries; Sisters of Charity of Nazareth Congregational Leadership; Sisters of Charity of Nazareth Western Province Leadership; Sisters of Mercy South Central Community; Southern Poverty Law Center; Statewide Poverty Action Network; Step Up Savannah; Tabor Community Services; Tennessee Citizen Action; Texas Appleseed; TexPIRG; The AMOS Project; The Bell Policy Center; The Episcopal Diocese of North Carolina; The Midas Collaborative; The One Less Foundation. Tuscaloosa Citizens Against Predatory Practices; Tzedek DC; U.S. PIRG; Unitarian Universalist Pennsylvania Legislative Advocacy Network; UNITE HERE; United for a Fair Economy; University of Wisconsin Law School, Consumer Law Clinic; Virginia Citizens Consumer Council; Virginia Interfaith Center for Public Policy; Virginia Organizing; Virginia Poverty Law Center; Virginians Against Payday Lending; VOICE Oklahoma City; WASHPIRG; Watauga County Habitat for Humanity; WESST; West Virginia Center on Budget and Policy; West Virginia Citizen Action Group; WISDOM; WISPIRG; Women AdvaNCe; Woodstock Institute; WV Citizen Action Group. S TATE OF NEWYORK, OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL , June 7, 2017. Re The Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 (H.R. 10). Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. STENY HOYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN, M AJORITY LEADER  MCCARTHY , M INORITY LEADER PELOSI , AND MINORITY WHIPHOYER : On behalf of the undersigned State Attorneys General and the Executive Director of the Office of Consumer Protection for the State of Hawaii (the ‘‘States’’), we write to express our strong opposition to H.R. 10 (the ‘‘Act’’), which we understand the full House of Representatives intends to vote on this week. The proposed Act will eliminate many of the critical consumer protections implemented as a result of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (‘‘DoddFrank’’) in the wake of, and in response to, the financial crisis. As the chief consumer protection officers in each of our respective States, we write to call your particular attention to those portions of the Act that would effectively eviscerate the role of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (‘‘CFPB’’), the only independent federal agency exclusively focused on consumer financial protection. While the Act purports to protect consumers from overregulation by federal agencies, its farreaching consequences would make consumers more vulnerable to fraud and abuse in the marketplace. The undersigned States support the work of the CFPB and oppose any effort to curtail its authority. While we find numerous provisions of the Act to be objectionable, we write to highlight certain provisions that would significantly impact consumer protection — a core function of our States. I. BACKGROUND  Our States’ work to protect consumers from unscrupulous marketplace actors and practices is greatly enhanced when the federal government serves as an effective partner. In the years leading up to the global financial crisis, residents of our States suffered the consequences of a federal government that failed to fulfill its basic obligations to U.S. consumers to prevent fraud and misconduct by mortgage providers, servicers, and other financial firms. Families nationwide suffered dire financial consequences as a result of lax federal oversight and inaction. Since its inception, the CFPB has emerged as the independent federal consumer watchdog the nation has long needed, and as a key partner in critically important consumer protection work undertaken by our States and by State Attorneys General across the country. The exceptional record of the CFPB speaks for itself. As of January 1, 2017, the CFPB has handled over one million consumer complaints, and obtained $11.8 billion in relief for 29 million consumers. The CFPB has taken enforcement actions to stem abuses by student loan originators and servicers, forprofit schools, debt collectors, credit reporting agencies, payday lenders, and foreclosure ‘‘rescue’’ companies, among others. Among its more recent, significant enforcement actions have been cases against 
mortgage servicer Ocwen Financial Corporation for widespread mortgage servicing failures, including improperly calculating balances, misapplying payments, and failing to investigate consumer complaints, student loan servicer Navient for student loan servicing abuses, including failing to notify struggling borrowers of their eligibility for incomebased repayment plans and steering such borrowers into more costly forbearance plans—and Wells Fargo bank for its widespread practice of opening unauthorized bank and credit card accounts for consumers. In addition, as part of its statutory mandate, the CFPB has conducted thorough and nuanced studies of complex financial issues that impact consumers and has issued rules intended to protect consumers in a thoughtful, consensusdriven manner. II. THEDEVASTATING EFFECTS OF THE ACT ON  CONSUMER PROTECTION  The Act would effectively cripple the CFPB from doing the job it has been doing so effectively since its inception. 
AND PRACTICES  Section 736 of the Act would eliminate the CFPB’s authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive, and abusive acts and practices (‘‘UDAAP’’). The CFPB’s authority to prohibit entities it supervises from engaging in UDAAP violations has been the basis for many of the CFPB’s most significant enforcement actions, including the Ocwen, Navient, and Wells Fargo matters discussed above. In addition, several of the undersigned States have jointly filed cases with the CFPB against businesses and individuals engaged in unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices. UDAAP authority gives the CFPB the flexibility to respond swiftly to new technologies and practices that harm consumers, without the need to wait for legislation expressly addressing a given practice. 
B. THE ACT WOULD ELIMINATE THE CFPB ’SS UPERVISION AND ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY  
OVER LARGE BANKS  Section 727 of the Act would similarly eliminate the CFPB’s supervision and enforcement authority over large banks and permit financial institutions that meet certain criteria to elect to be exempted from the CFPB’s supervisory authority. This provision is concerning in a number of ways, not the least of which is that it is through the supervision process that the CFPB often learns of systemic issues in the companies and industries it regulates. The CFPB is the only federal agency that has been conducting consumer protection reviews as the focus of their supervisory authority (rather than safety and soundness), which is important for the reasons previously discussed. In addition, many of the CFPB’s enforcement actions have been against the large banks. 
C. THE ACT WOULD ELIMINATE THE CFPB ’SA UTHORITY TO REGULATE PAYDAY AND VEHICLE  
TITLE LOANS  Section 733 of the Act expressly prohibits the CFPB from engaging in any rulemaking or enforcement with respect to payday and vehicle title loans. Payday lending, as the CFPB’s own extensive research has documented, has adversely affected the lives of millions of financially vulnerable consumers across the country. The CFPB has been at the forefront of curbing abuses in the payday lending industry and has supplemented state enforcement by taking enforcement actions against payday and other lenders that are attempting to collect on loans that are void under state law. The CFPB has been similarly aggressive in uncovering and confronting abuses in the vehicle title loan industry, where consumers, risk the loss of their vehicle (with the corresponding loss in mobility) if they find themselves unable to repay their loans. The Act will strip the CFPB of all authority in these areas, including its enforcement authority and the ability to adopt sensible and common sense rules to prevent consumers from falling into debt traps that are often the result of payday and vehicle title loans. D. THE ACT WOULD PERMIT THIRD PARTY DEBT  
RATES  Section 581 of the Act would restrict states’ abilities to enforce interest rate caps. Currently, there are no federal interest rate caps that cover financial products and services offered by national banks. Rather, national banks are permitted to export the interest rate of their home state and disregard the more stringent interest rates of other states in which they do business. Section 581 of the Act would add language to four federal statutes to provide that, when a national bank sells or assigns debt covered by the National Bank Act, the buyer or assignee has the right to collect that same interest rate, regardless of the law of the state where the buyer or assignee is located. This would make it more difficult to ensure that debt buyers, online lenders, fintech companies, and rentabank schemes comply with state interest rate caps. It is essential to preserve the ability of individual states to enforce their existing usury caps and oppose any measures to enact a federal law that would preempt state usury caps. 
E. THE ACT WOULD ELIMINATE THE CFPB RULE MAKING AUTHORITY REGARDING MANDATORY  
ARBITRATION  Section 738 of the Act would repeal the provision of DoddFrank that granted the CFPB authority to study and issue rules regarding arbitration in financial services contracts. DoddFrank expressly authorized the CFPB to study arbitration provisions in financial services contracts, and to issue regulations prohibiting or restricting such provisions if the CFPB concluded that doing so would be ‘‘in the public interest and for the protection of consumers.’’ After a thorough review, the CFPB concluded that tens of millions of Americans use financial products or services subject to mandatory arbitration clauses that prohibit proceeding on a class basis and that the effect of such provisions is to prevent consumers from seeking redress, particularly for small dollar claims. Elimination of the CFPB’s authority in this area can only operate to the detriment of consumers. 
OF INFORMATION  Finally, the Act would end the CFPB’s current practice of publicly posting information concerning individual consumer complaints in a searchable database. This information helps consumers make informed decisions about the companies with which they choose to do business, and increases transparency in the marketplace. Eliminating the release of this information provides no benefit to consumers, but only to companies whose practices generate repeated complaints. III. CONCLUSION  For these and other reasons, the undersigned States urge you to support robust and engaged consumer protection in the financial services industry by voting against the Act. A rollback of these significant postfinancial crisis rules and regulations would substantially harm consumers and the public in general. If we can provide any further information or assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us. Respectfully submitted, Eric T. Schneiderman, New York Attorney General; Xavier Becerra, California Attorney General; George Jepsen, Connecticut Attorney General; Matthew Denn, Delaware Attorney General; Karl A. Racine, Attorney General for the District of Columbia; Douglas S. Chin, Hawaii Attorney General; Stephen H. Levins, Executive Director, Hawaii Office of Consumer Protection; Lisa Madigan, Illinois Attorney General; Tom Miller, Iowa Attorney General; Janet T. Mills, Maine Attorney General; Brian E. Frosh, Maryland Attorney General; Maura Healey Massachusetts Attorney General; Lori Swanson, Minnesota Attorney General; Jim Hood, Mississippi Attorney General; Josh Stein, North Carolina Attorney General; Ellen F. Rosenblum, Oregon Attorney General; Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania Attorney General; Peter F. Kilmartin, Rhode Island Attorney General; T.J. Donovan, Vermont Attorney General; Mark R. Herring, Virginia Attorney General; Bob Ferguson, Washington State Attorney General. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, States can, and do, like my own State of Colorado, put limitations on the interest rates of installment loans issued by nonbanks. Banks, on the other hand, have the preemption of State interest rate caps through the National Bank Act. So in order to get around State interest rate caps, payday lenders often use a bank to originate a loan at a higher interest rate, but the nonbank designs the loan, provides the funding for the loan, services the loan, and guarantees any losses the bank incurs. In all but in name, it is the nonbank entity that is the loaning entity. Essentially, the payday lender is the de facto lender and the bank is simply a nominal participant to evade regulations. These are referred to as ‘‘rentacharter’’ schemes, and they are not new. In the early 2000s, Federal banking regulators shut down several of these arrangements between national banks and nonbank lenders. In 2014, the OCC made it clear that banks may not rent out their charters to third parties. Right now, our Federal banking regulations are able to contain these schemes, but this legislation would undermine our ability to stop abusive and predatory practices. States are leading the effort to stop abusive lending practices. In my home State of Colorado, there is actually a lawsuit challenging this very scheme. And now that the new Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has delayed a final rule that would have helped protect borrowers, it is actually up to the States to help protect 
Today, Apple is up 43,000 percent and is flirting with a $1 trillion market cap. The bill before us today increases the number of securities that will not be forced to register on a StatebyState basis, while maintaining important investor protections. The SEC is and will remain the primary enforcement agency of securities fraud. This bill in no way impacts the SEC’s oversight or enforcement authority. The SEC must also still approve individual exchange listing standards; they simply won’t be allowed to preset the standards. StatebyState securities registration not only potentially locks out investors from promising opportunities like Apple, but it can have significant negative economic consequences by chilling public offerings and, obviously, innovation. The National Securities Exchange Parity Act encourages new exchanges to become listing venues and a source of capital for companies looking to go public, to expand, and to hire more workers. The bill is identical to language included in the larger regulatory reform package already passed by the Senate Banking Committee, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense, technical fix. It is good for market competition. It is good for capital formation. I urge passage of the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as the first quadriplegic elected to Congress, I am here today not just as a Member of Congress, but as someone here with a disability—and, I hope, providing a voice for so many in our country who also have disabilities—to give my perspective on H.R. 620, the misnamed ADA Education and Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, the Americans with Disabilities Act was passed nearly 30 years ago as an enduring promise to an entire population of Americans that discrimination on the basis of disability, including access to public accommodations, will not be tolerated. Now there have been decades for people and organizations to understand and implement provisions of the ADA. And for those who are just learning about the ADA or who need a refresher on the law, there are many free resources that provide information and technical assistance. The ADA provides a lifeline to so many who need access to classrooms, restrooms, businesses, restaurants, transit, and so much more. I recognize that there are some individuals who are unfairly targeted in States that have failed to protect against things like these ‘‘driveby lawsuits.’’ But the root of the problem is not the ADA; it is the unscrupulous lawyers who take advantage of State laws that go beyond the Federal law to permit monetary damages. Now, the ADA does not allow people to sue for compensatory or punitive damages, only injunctive relief, meaning that they solve the problem. H.R. 620 does nothing to address the problem happening at the State level, nor does it target immoral lawyers. Instead, it sacrifices the rights of millions by reducing the impact and protections of the ADA which so many have come to depend on. It does so by creating a ‘‘notice and cure’’ regime, as it is called, that will create an obvious disincentive for ADA compliance. The idea that addressing architectural barriers with a written notice that gives 60 days to acknowledge receipt of a complaint and then 120 days to demonstrate ‘‘substantial progress’’ in the removal of an obstruction ignores the tenets of the ADA that support an indisputable right to inclusion and respect; and it tells people with disabilities that we are not worthy of inclusion until someone is caught, and even then, a remedy is not guaranteed. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that the Rules Committee chose to make in order the bipartisan amendment that I will offer with my colleague and co chair of the Bipartisan Disabilities Caucus, Representative GREGG HARPER ; but, to be frank, this bill should never have been reported out of the Judiciary Committee in the first place, much less to the floor. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 620 is a blunt tool that wrongfully impedes the right of people with disabilities. If H.R. 620 passes with any kind of notice and cure period, we will return to the days when discrimination was commonplace, and it will be because elected officials voted to remove civil rights instead of protecting them. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to come before the House during this rules debate on this package of bipartisan bills that have been worked on for two Congresses now and that address a number of issues that I think Members on both sides of the aisle and our committee recognize would improve the capital market system, improve access to capital for business and consumers, and, also, reduce the red tape, the bureaucracy associated with trying to run a community bank and provide services to our consumers, both businesses and families, that has been made so challenging since the passage of the DoddFrank Act almost 8 years ago. You know, I was coming to Washington yesterday, and I was reading the weekend business section. There was a story there about Richard Griffin from Crossett, Arkansas, who has owned a community bank there for decades. It is about a $30 million, $35 million bank. He just said that, with his 13 employees, he just couldn’t comply with the level of regulatory burden following DoddFrank that was so geared to our biggest financial institutions, our most complex financial institutions, companies like those headquartered up in New York. He just felt compelled to exit the business and leave that town, leave the local board of directors, the local management team, and turn it over to an outofState company. Crossett, Arkansas, is a fine town, and it deserves a good banking presence by a number of competitors, home to GeorgiaPacific and all of their activities there. Mr. Speaker, these bills are, as I say, bipartisan, and they are needed across this country. Let me just touch on a few of them. The ones that I think provide the most benefit to community bankers and businesses and customers of those local banks are, first of all, Mr. STIVERS’ bill, which eliminates a barrier, a wellintended licensing provision if you wanted to make mortgage loans after the ’08 crisis. Congress thought it was a good idea to make sure that mortgage lenders were qualified, so they made them get a license. We can debate whether that was too much work or not or whether it was worthwhile or not. They made bankers get it and nonbanks. But in this bill, Mr. STIVERS simply says, if you are going to try to change jobs and you hold a mortgage license, that you just have a transition period where you don’t have to go requalify for that if you are going to work for a nonbank or you are going to work for somebody in another State. It only passed our committee 60–0, so it doesn’t get much more bipartisan than that. That will help banks reduce red tape, recruit loan officers, and get them to work faster serving customers. Likewise, the TRID Improvement Act of 2017 is something that I worked on in a variety of ways, and it is included in this package. It allows States where you can buy both a personal policy for your title insurance as well as the title coverage for a closing to show you the real discount. Mr. Speaker, the real irony here is that, when ELIZABETH WARREN was a staffer and a college professor, one of her goals for the CFPB was simplification, that we take all these complicated forms and we would make them easier to use. Well, here is an example of the exact opposite. The new Truth in Lending forms for real estate settlements were made more complicated. After 8 years of dealing with it, this was a classic example of trying to make it simpler. Let’s actually show the consumer what the real closing costs are for their title insurance. This will speed mortgage closings. This will reduce errors in mortgage closings. This will reduce consumer confusion about the socalled Know Before You Owe rule. I would argue this rule has made it much more difficult to know what you owe before you borrow it, and this is a small step in improving that. Mr. Speaker, these things help our community banks. 
There is one other in this package we are considering today, Mr. MCHENRY ’s bill, which allows community banks that originate loans, consumer loans, commercial loans, that are selling those loans to a nonbank, a nonbank servicer or a nonbank packager, to be able to pass through the rate that they originated the loan for. There was a Supreme Court case that has made that more complicated, that said you can’t pass through the rate and that State banking laws don’t preempt our State usury laws for this kind of work. So I commend Mr. MCHENRY for this, because this improves liquidity to our community banking system and, again, lowers rates for consumers, makes products more accessible, and makes our small community banks more competitive. I will close by just touching on a couple of other measures that I think help businesses, help capital markets, help capital flow. One, you just heard my friend from California (Mr. ROYCE ) talk about his bill. That will help capital markets flow. That will create parity among our exchanges, lowering costs for companies that want to go public and have their action there, raise capital on the public markets. Mr. DUFFY has a bill that requires the SEC to actually get a subpoena if they want to get source code from a capital markets provider, someone who is managing money, someone who is offering to manage portfolios or offer a mutual fund company, and this is very, very helpful. I think, when you want to get your secret sauce for your business and the government wants it, they ought to have a subpoena. That is all that this bill does. It doesn’t change the rules about that. It doesn’t change anything other than saying, if you want this information, you ought to go and get a subpoena, and I believe that will improve capital formation. So, Mr. Speaker, these are good bills. These are bipartisan bills. These are bills that we have worked on for two Congresses that will help consumers, increase access to credit, lower the cost of that credit, and increase capital flows to the business sector to support the growth that the American people want. I appreciate the Rules Committee allowing me to speak on these bills. I appreciate Chairman HENSARLING putting them together. And to my friends on the other side, these are bills that went through regular order. b1300 These are bills that are bipartisan. These are bills that have the support of the opposition. We have put them together in a bipartisan package today under this rule because our friends down the hall in the United States Senate are rapidly moving a bipartisan package of improvements for our capital markets and our banks, something that we want, something that we have waited some 8 years for. So this allows us to work better with our colleagues over in the Senate, where 14 Democrats have partnered with Senator CRAPO on the Banking Committee to move bipartisan legislation that will help us grow our economy. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. President Trump continues to, frankly, offend our sensibilities and values by insisting that somehow Democrats don’t care about fixing DACA. Well, I would beg to differ. This is the 22nd time we have tried to bring the bipartisan bill, H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, to the House floor for a vote. We have made our position clear. We want immigration policies that reflect our values, that make America safer, while realizing, of course, that we are a nation both of laws and of immigrants. Yesterday, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce again urged Congress to pass legislation that provides permanent relief for Dreamers. Even the conservative Cato Institute estimates that deporting Dreamers would result in a $280 billion reduction in economic growth over the next decade. Mr. Speaker, if we don’t care about the families, about the young people affected, surely you care about $280 billion that will be lost if Republicans fail to act. Protecting these aspiring Americans is not only the right thing to do morally, it is the right thing to do for our country and for our economy. If we defeat the previous question today, for the 23rd time, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would finally help hundreds of thousands of young people who are American in every way except for on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, again, I stand on this floor to speak about the Dreamers, and this time I ask a simple question: What happened? For months here in Washington, we couldn’t pass a budget; we refused to pass a budget. Numerous continuing resolutions were brought up. We even shut down government, and the press talked about the Dreamers. It was all about the Dreamers. Yet, last week, after the budget spending caps were raised for both military and nonmilitary expenditures, we got a budget, and that was a budget that was voted on by both Democrats and Republicans. So, I guess, ladies and gentlemen, this was not about the Dreamers because we still don’t have a fix for the Dreamers. Yet 80 percent of our public supports a fix for the Dreamers; 80 percent of our public supports a pathway to citizenship for our Dreamers; and even our President wants a fix for the Dreamers. Why? Because all of us recognize that Dreamers are soldiers, teachers, police officers. They are, effectively, our friends and our neighbors. Yet here we are again today, not sure of the future for Dreamers in this country. Folks, it is time to stop using Dreamers as political pawns in a bigger political chess game. Last week, at the State of the Union, my guest was a Dreamer from my district. She is a college student majoring in chemistry, and I say to all of you, she is going to make a tremendous scientist. We need scientists in this country. As you know, America is a land of immigrants, and all of us here are immigrants, and, as you know, 75 of our Fortune 500 companies are led by immigrants. We need more hardworking immigrants. That is what Dreamers are. They are hardworking. They study hard, pay their taxes, follow the law, and, yes, ladies and gentlemen, Dreamers have been vetted. Let me repeat: Dreamers are immigrants who have been vetted. And yet today we still ask: What is going to happen to Dreamers? Mr. Speaker, let’s not live with any regrets. Let’s not look back tomorrow, next year, 10, 20 years from now and say what we could have, should have, would have. Let’s do the right thing, Mr. Speaker. Now is the time to act. Let’s vote for our Dreamers. Let’s vote on H.R. 3440, and let’s do the right thing. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am not sure what is worse, the fact that we are taking up legislation that would make it more difficult for Americans to gain access to buildings in their community, including buildings that they work in, or that we are considering legislation that makes it easier for payday lenders to prey on vulnerable consumers by forcing in Washington, D.C., Big Government Republican values on our States’ rights; or is it worse that we are not taking up legislation to protect the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers at risk of deportation in the beginning of March unless we act? My Republican colleagues are working hard to put Washington, D.C., Big Government ahead of people, to force people with disabilities to get law degrees and wander around with notepads to document when they are unable to get into a building, and putting payday lenders ahead of hardworking Americans. Instead, we should be focused on finding bipartisan solutions to protect aspiring Americans from being forcibly deported from the only country that they know as home. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3299 and H.R. 620, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think the interesting thing is, as has been expressed by a couple of our speakers, especially on the Financial Services bills, these are bipartisan pieces of legislation that have come back. They have been vetted. They came before not only this body, many of them through the CHOICE Act, previously, but also have been coming back. And something that is really interesting is the bicameral, bipartisan process of making sure that capital and these Financial Services bills are actually something that we can move and can improve. But I do, again, take a little bit of exception. And look, rhetoric is rhetoric, but deceit is also deceit in the sense that we don’t talk about, especially in this ADA—I am not sure how opposing a bill that is designed to make improvements for folks and in protecting trial lawyers who can get people who do not even have disabilities to sue or to send a demand letter to get money without ever requiring that the business actually solve the problem. That is what has been missing in this debate today. They can actually send a letter, say: Here is where our problem is. We are going to sue you, but if you send us X amount of dollars, that will do away with it—never concerned at all if the decision is actually making a difference in the business or the location. They don’t care. And, in fact, if you want to oppose this, then you are just actually, frankly, saying: That is a good idea. I like that. Let’s just pick on businesses, and at the end of the day, you know those folks with disabilities, they are just our key to making more money. That is wrong. My daughter is not a moneymaking proposition. That has got to cease. We can disagree on ways about this. My friend from Rhode Island and I have talked about this a great deal. We are of the same mind and same agreement. We may disagree on somehow this is it and how to get there, but at the end of the day, the ADA is still there. The ADA is not going away. The ADA is not being gutted, and nobody is asking folks with disabilities to get law degrees. A lot of them have, and they are making a difference. But one of the greatest emphases to a business that may have an impediment, they may have put something in the way, is for somebody with a disability to say: By the way, I can’t get in here. And most every business on Earth does not want to stand at the door and say: I don’t want disability folks in my business. No. They want to fix it because they want to do business. To say anything else is simply, unfortunately at times, tending to scare people for the wrong reasons. If you want to defend trial lawyers and others who are willing to sue with nondisabled people, to sue businesses taking Google photographs of Google Maps and saying, ‘‘This is a business that we are going to extort something from,’’ then vote against this bill, but then explain to somebody in a wheelchair why you are using them and allowing these folks to use them for their profit motive. That is wrong. We can find a lot of ways to find agreement here, but let’s at least look at the situation on how it is. So, with these Financial Services bills, they provide regulatory relief. They reduce unnecessary burdens. They are bipartisan. I am urging my friends and colleagues to take a look at the amendments because there are a lot of amendments that are going to come forward on these, especially the ADA bill and others. Look at that. Listen to it. Talk about it. But at the end of the day, never forget what is actually happening here, and what we are actually seeing is something that we can make a difference in and we are looking to make a difference in. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered, and Motions to suspend the rules with regard to H.R. 3542 and H. Res. 129. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 228, nays 187, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barr Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Pearce Perry Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1338 Messrs. PALLONE and DESAULNIER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 72. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FORTENBERRY ). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 227, noes 187, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Carter (TX) Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Rokita Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1350 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HAMAS HUMAN SHIELDS PREVENTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3542) to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use of civilians as human shields, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Joyce (OH) LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1358 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to impose sanctions against Hamas for violating universally applicable international laws of armed conflict by intentionally using civilians and civilian property to shield military objectives from lawful attack, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CALLING ON GOVERNMENTS TO INTENSIFY EFFORTS TO INVESTIGATE, RECOVER, AND IDENTIFY ALL MISSING AND UNACCOUNTEDFOR PERSONNEL OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 129) calling on the Department of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccountedfor personnel of the United States, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Babin Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Graves (LA) Gutie´rrez Jayapal LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
b1405 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Calling on the Department of Defense, other appropriate elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to resolutely continue efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all United States personnel designated as unaccounted for from past wars and conflicts around the world.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR A CEREMONY AS PART OF THE COMMEMORATION OF THE DAYS OF REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 103, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 103 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR HOLOCAUST DAYS OF REMEMBRANCE CEREMONY. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on April 9, 2018, for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust. Physical preparations for the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REQUEST TO REMOVE NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 620 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 620. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The request of the gentlewoman from Alabama cannot be entertained. 
PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 736, I call up the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes, and 
ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BRAT). Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3299 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as limiting the authority or jurisdiction of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, or the National Credit Union Administration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017, a most important goal of this Chamber. H.R. 3299 is an important bill that is cosponsored by a bipartisan group of Members of the House and was approved by the House Financial Services Committee with a very strong bipartisan vote of 42–17. I would like to start out by thanking my colleague, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ), the vice chairman of the committee, for introducing this legislation and leading our congressional efforts to help create a regulatory framework which will encourage the growth of financial technology and expand muchneeded access to credit for American small businesses and consumers. H.R. 3299 is a legislative response to the 2015 Second Circuit Court of Appeals decision in Madden v. Midland Funding, which clearly appears to have not not considered the validwhen made legal doctrine, which is a nearly 200yearold principle of usury law in our Republic. Again, Mr. Speaker, 200 years of settled common law upended in one court case. In the decision, the court held that, while the National Bank Act allowed a federally chartered bank to charge interest under the laws of its home State on loans it makes nationwide, nonbanks that bought those loans could not continue to collect that interest because nonbanks are generally subject to the limits of the borrower’s State. The Second Circuit decision has caused considerable uncertainty and risk for many types of bank lending programs, including bank model marketplace lending where national banks originate loans and then transfer them to nonbank third parties. Being able to offer consistent terms nationwide is vital to scaling the marketplace lending business, which, in turn, allows lenders to access cheaper investment capital and then pass the savings on to the borrowers who may be looking to buy their first home, start a business, send a kid to college. H.R. 3299, again, is a commonsense bill that simply codifies the 200year old validwhenmade legal doctrine, which would preserve the lawful interest rate on a loan originated by a bank even if the loan is sold, assigned, or transferred to a nonbank third party. This fundamental concept is the backbone of how fintech companies partner with banks. Without it, consumers are faced with higher costs and less availability of credit, particularly those consumers with less access to traditional lending sources. Mr. Speaker, don’t take my word for it. According to a recent Columbia/ Stanford University study, borrowers with credit scores under 625 have seen their credit cut in half, cut in half thanks to this decision. Again, Mr. Speaker, borrowers with less than stellar credit scores have seen their credit cut in half in the territory comprising the Second Circuit. We simply cannot allow this to happen. Now, Mr. Speaker, thanks to President Trump and Congress passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we are beginning to see this economy start to take off. We are finally seeing wages begin to grow after 8 years of failed economic policy, but so much work remains to be done for working American families. We have heard, on our Financial Services Committee, Mr. Speaker, from so many of these families who are trying to make ends meet, and it is just vital that they be able to access credit. Americans like Alan from New Hampshire, who recently had trouble finding credit through traditional 
banks and credit unions due to the regulatory load. As he explained: ‘‘But for my local dealer’s efforts on my behalf, there is no doubt I would not be driving my current car. And this was a desperate situation, as I am the sole income earner for my family. My wife is ill, and we have two young children in school. After my old vehicle broke down, I needed to find reliable replacement transportation so I could get to work and continue to provide for my family.’’ Mr. Speaker, we should not let the Second Circuit prevent Alan from getting that car loan he desperately needs in order to get to work as the sole provider for his family. A smallbusiness owner from Utah named Maxine applied for a loan for her 37yearold established business so she could update and purchase equipment to support a contract that would have led to the creation of 50 additional jobs. She explained: ‘‘Three banks informed us that our rating, according to new bank regulations imposed by DoddFrank, disqualified us from loan consideration.’’ Fifty jobs, poof, gone, Mr. Speaker. So is not DoddFrank bad enough? Now we are going to add this Second Circuit opinion to deny credit, which, for lower credit score individuals, has cut credit opportunity in half? I don’t think so. I don’t think so. It is not up for the unelected to make such decisions. We cannot continue to allow, Mr. Speaker, Washington red tape and the Second Circuit to cut off credit opportunities for hardworking Americans. As the bill says: ‘‘We must preserve and protect consumers’ access to credit.’’ I urge every Member to support this very important bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1415 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 3299, or the socalled Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. There is a good reason over 200 civil rights, consumer, faithbased, housing, labor, and veterans advocacy organizations oppose this bill. The type of credit that this bill helps consumers access is the kind that makes it easier for vulnerable consumers to sink into insurmountable debt like payday and other highcost loans. H.R. 3299 expands the ability of nonbanks to preempt Statelevel consumer protections by stating that the interest rate on any loan originated by a national bank that is subsequently transferred to a third party, no matter how quickly after it is originated, is enforceable, which incentivizes riskier and predatory lending. H.R. 3299 advances a dangerous precedent by allowing third parties that purchase loans from national banks to collect on interest rates that would otherwise be illegal because they exceed State caps. Now, this bill is an attempt to overturn a court decision related to the legal concept of ‘‘valid when made’’ from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Madden v. Midland Funding, LLC. In that case, the court held that, when loans are transferred from banks to nonbank third parties, they must maintain the same terms, rates, and conditions as required by the State where the originating bank is chartered. Despite claims by proponents of the bill, legal experts have explained in testimony that ‘‘the validwhenmade doctrine is a modern invention, not a cornerstone of U.S. banking law.’’ The Madden decision is only the rule of law in the States under the Second Circuit, which are Connecticut, New York, and Vermont. Some industry advocates, particularly marketplace lender fintechs, have argued the ruling and confusion about valid when made caused such great market ambiguity that it has resulted in reduced lending to needy borrowers in those States, but those claims have not been substantiated. The only purported evidence we have on the effect of the Madden rule is a single, unpublished study that cannot even be peerreviewed because it relies on private data from a single, unidentified marketplace lender, and the authors of that study have not endorsed this bill. In addition, 20 State attorneys general, including the attorneys general for all three States under the Second Circuit, oppose this legislative change. But do you know what? Predatory lenders are worried about the Madden case for a different reason. Elevate, an online payday lender, is afraid that they won’t be able to continue making predatory loans if the Madden decision stays in place. In their public filings with the SEC, Elevate said: 
To the extent that the holdings in Madden were broadened to cover circumstances applicable to Elevate’s business or if other litigation on related theories were brought against us and were successful, we could become subject to State usury limits and State licensing laws in addition to the State consumer protection laws to which we are already subject. In a greater number of States, loans in such States could be deemed void and unenforceable, and we would be subject to substantial penalties in connection with such loans. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not doubt the sincerity of the good actors that may be trying to navigate a difficulty the Madden ruling potentially caused, but this is not just about those businesses, because H.R. 3299 would go much further to allow other third parties, including payday lenders, to evade or outright disregard Statelevel laws and collect debt from borrowers at unreasonably high rates of interest if they purchase loans from a national bank. These arrangements are called rentabank or rentacharter agreements, and they allow payday lenders to use banks as a front for predatory behavior and the evasion of State interest rate caps. Payday loans drain wealth from low income consumers, particularly those in communities of color, and payday loans trap their borrowers into a cycle of debt that it takes years to climb out of with high interest rates that are often in excess of 300 percent. So let’s be clear. Instead of simply overturning the Madden decision, H.R. 3299 would go far beyond that and codify an expanded preemption power without any proof that it will benefit consumers. In fact, all we do know is that the bill will make it easier for bad actors to evade safeguards that States have put in place to protect borrowers. We cannot advance a bill that will allow nonbanks like payday lenders to ignore State interest rate caps and make highrate loans. While Congress has preempted some State laws for national banks, it did not authorize national banks to extend the privilege to whatever entities they so choose. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ), vice chairman of the committee and sponsor of the legislation. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his kindness in working with me and my team on bringing this bill to the floor today, and I want to thank his staff as well. What we have today is the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act, a bipartisan piece of legislation that we have both Republicans and the Democrats in the Senate in support of as well as Democrats and Republicans here in the House of Representatives supportive of. The issue we are dealing with is one of the biggest challenges facing our country, which is the decline of lending to consumers and small businesses in small towns and rural communities like the ones I represent in western North Carolina. It is the same issue facing so many in urban settings as well. This touches all of America. But the story in rural America is bleak. Community banks are closing at a rapid pace, and small businesses are struggling to find loans. Many Americans don’t have the savings to cover a common $1,000 emergency like a car repair. That is not just a rural issue; that touches all American communities. The good news is, after the financial crisis, innovative companies and banks partnered together to find new ways to help hardworking Americans and smallbusiness owners. They call it fintech. These innovative companies partner with banks to help small businesses get a loan. They help young people get out of student debt. They help everyday Americans find the financing they need to lead better lives. 
Now, this should be something heralded by both parties. It shouldn’t be a partisan issue. It shouldn’t be left or right, conservative or liberal. It is a good thing that is happening with innovation and different modes of lending and borrowing in this country. And while this era of financial innovation is brandnew, the actual structure supporting fintech is based on one of the oldest bedrock principles in American law. The fundamental concept is called valid when made. Valid when made, or what the Supreme Court referred to in 1833 as ‘‘the cardinal rule’’ of American interest rate laws, provides the legal foundation for how fintech companies partner with banks. I don’t have to share with the ranking member or other Members of our Chamber that banks are heavily regulated; and if they even partner with another firm, that, too, is a regulated thing. Yet all that changed when the Supreme Court declined to hear the case of Madden v. Midland Funding. In Madden, activist judges on a Federal appeals court broke with a longstanding legal precedent of valid when made and, instead, held that the 1864 National Bank Act did not have a preemptive effect on loans created under this fintech bank partnership. Now the legal framework has been around almost for 200 years, and the particular law that we are dealing with has been around for 150 years, roughly speaking. This decision, though, has created uncertainty for fintech companies, financial institutions, and credit markets generally. According to a study from Columbia University and Stanford University, Madden significantly reduced credit availability in that affected region, and this matters for all Americans because of the effect it is having. What we saw is loan volumes declined and the average FICO score for borrowers to get a loan increased. That means that, if you are on the margins of society, it got harder and more expensive for you to get lending. So it is a bad case. Simply put, this should not be happening, and if we are serious about financial inclusion for all Americans, we need this bill today. A bipartisan bill, we need it. And if we are serious about modernizing our financial system, we need this bill passed into law. And if we are serious about helping everyday Americans, not just the fortunate few with unblemished credit, we need to pass this bill. I am pleased this legislation enjoys support from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I want to thank Representative MEEKS , Democrat, of New York; Senator MARK WARNER , Democrat, of Virginia; and Senator PAT TOOMEY , Republican, of Pennsylvania, who worked hard on this bipartisan, bicameral legislation. It is important. It is needed. It will have a positive impact on people’s lives. All arguments that have been made against this bill on the floor don’t actually focus on what is important and necessary about this legislation. They are straw men that don’t have anything to do with the contents of this very simple, bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote for this. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ), vice chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill, Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act. I represent Silicon Valley, and I am not opposed to fintech. Let’s be very clear: If there is technology that is going to make it easier for people to get access to capital, who is opposed to that? But this has nothing to do with fintech. This has to do with basic State laws. The question is not: Are we going to go to the future? The question is: Are we going to go back to ‘‘The Merchant of Venice’’ when usury laws were allowed? That really is what the issue is. What this bill does, just to be very clear, is it says: If you want to use fintech, if you want to use technology, now there is no law against being charged 380 percent interest. Mr. MCHENRY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. KHANNA. I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman asserting there is no law or Federal regulation against federally chartered banks giving loans to people? Mr. Speaker, that is not simply the case. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, let me take back my comment. Mr. Speaker, I understand the Second Circuit decision. The Second Circuit decision basically said that, if you are a bank and if you are a fintech company and you are in a rural part of the country—and I totally agree with the gentleman; we need more capital to rural America; we need more tech there. I admire Steve Case’s work, the ‘‘Rise of the Rest.’’ But what the Second Circuit said is you can’t partner with a national bank and preempt State law. So if North Carolina has a law saying you can’t charge 400 percent interest, if there is a bank in New York or a bank in California that wants to charge 400 percent interest just because they have some magical fintech, they can’t charge people 400 percent interest in North Carolina or Arkansas. I am all for giving more capital at affordable rates and using technology to help rural America. We have done a terrible job of that. I concede that point. But this is not the way to do that. b1430 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from California. Mr. KHANNA. This is going to hurt ordinary folks who can’t make paycheck to paycheck, and they are going to have to pay these exorbitant interest rates. Now, if the majority comes up with a bill that says we want to expand the SBA, we want to expand figuring out how to get venture capital into rural America, we want to expand the earned income tax credit so that people have more money in their pocket so that they can make a living and meet their daily expenses, I agree. If they say, look, all the capital, 85 percent of the capital is in my district in Massachusetts and New York, and we have got to get the capital into other States, I agree. But to say that just to use the word ‘‘fintech’’ and to say okay, because there is something that is going to allow the diffusion of capital, that that means that you should get rid of the State laws capping usury, that is really going back to the Victorian era. I mean, we had that debate. I was reading Shylock; that was what that was all about. They were charging four times as much, and I just don’t think that that is what people want. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say to the gentleman who says this is a majority bill, I would also point out it is supported by Congressman MEEKS , Democrat from New York; Congressman CLAY, Democrat from Missouri; Congressman SCOTT, Democrat from Georgia; Congressman CLEAVER , Democrat from Missouri; Congresswoman MOORE , Democrat from Wisconsin; Congressman PERLMUTTER , Democrat from Colorado; Congresswoman SINEMA , Democrat from Arizona, and the list goes on. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, just listening to some of this debate, it seems like some folks just want to find a way to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill when there are many reasons to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I am pleased to rise today in support of Vice Chairman MCHENRY ’s bill, H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. I also want to commend him for his hard work on this very important issue. Under the validwhenmade doctrine, the interest rate on a loan that complies with Federal law when it is made will remain valid, regardless of whether that loan is transferred to a third party. This is an important principle, and it is essential to maintaining a vibrant secondary market and fostering continued growth in the online lending industry. The Second Circuit’s decision in Madden v. Midland, which challenged the validwhenmade doctrine, introduced significant uncertainty and risk, 
threatening both the secondary market and fintech lending partnerships. This ultimately hurts consumers. At the Financial Services Committee, we have extensively discussed the difficulty that many Americans face in getting credit. Madden v. Midland will only intensify that challenge for families and Main Street businesses as it jeopardizes the ability of banks to sell loans into the secondary market. If banks find it difficult to sell debt to nonbanks, a common and healthy practice, they will be forced to become more restrictive in offering credit, and they may do so at a higher cost. Because of this, fewer consumers will be able to access the funds they need to build, invest, and innovate. Throughout the course of the slow and uneven postcrisis economic recovery, we settled into a twospeed economy. The biggest and richest and best connected firms have done just fine. They have a relatively easy time accessing funds. Small businesses, however, have been struggling to keep up. In fact, many haven’t even gotten off the ground. Researchers found that our economy is currently missing 650,000 small businesses; that is 650,000 fewer businesses that can innovate, create jobs, and invest in our communities. And those 650,000 businesses would have represented 6
1⁄2million people contributing to help Social Security and Medicare and helping to pay for our veterans’ care. Anyone who travels this country talking to smallbusiness owners knows that access to credit is a major cause. By codifying valid when made, this bill will help to address one of the most pressing threats to our economic recovery and the resurgence of American small business. As the OCC’s former Acting Comptroller Keith Noreika noted, this ‘‘proposal supports economic opportunity.’’ H.R. 3299 will help to keep credit flowing through to those who need it, while ensuring that consumers are protected. This is a commonsense fix that provides the market with the clarity needed to support continued economic growth. I urge my colleagues to support the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Both of the gentlemen, Mr. MCHENRY  and Mr. ROTHFUS , who are advancing this legislation come from States that don’t support it. Mr. MCHENRY , North Carolina has banned payday lending. Mr. ROTHFUS , Pennsylvania has banned payday lending. And here you have a bill that would allow payday lenders to buy up debt from national banks and, basically, charge consumers whatever they would like to charge them. They would get around the ban of your own States. Do you really want to do this? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), the vice chairman of the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership, and I thank Congressman MCHENRY , also. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to just, regretfully, say that this ruling, Madden v. Midland, is just another layer of Big Brother, a misguided ruling by some people of good intentions and goodwill, but the net effect is fewer choices for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I think we have seen what has happened as a result of Dodd Frank. We saw what happened to the American economy. We saw what happened to the American consumers. Mr. Speaker, regrettably, it is the lowincome, minority people who have suffered the most in the last decade as a result of the misguided regulations that were put upon the American people. Big Brother really doesn’t have the answers. What we do have is the opportunity to provide choices for the American people, and that is what H.R. 3299 is all about. Mr. Speaker, in North Carolina, we have lost 50 percent of our banks because of this misguided regulatory overmanagement by the Federal Government. There is less access to capital and credit for small business. There is less access to capital for that individual who has a real need. Maybe they want to start something, or maybe they have an emergency in their family. This is what this bill is all about, and we need to be behind it. We need to support it. We need to understand that the American people know how to make good choices. We need to trust the American people and not trust Big Brother and the Big Government. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to remind Mr. PITTENGER  that his State, North Carolina, again, along with Mr. MCHENRY , attorneys general have opposed this bill. They do not like this bill, and I just want to remind them that they don’t have the support of their States in doing so. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding and for her extraordinary efforts to protect consumers by opposing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong opposition to H.R. 3299. I don’t think that we should be doing anything to take away States’ authority to enforce their own usury laws, which make it illegal for lenders to charge outrageously high interest rates on their residents. This is a core consumer protection issue, and if we allow lenders that aren’t subject to the strict Federal regulations for banks to circumvent State regulations too, then we are just throwing consumers to the wolves, removing protections. I know that some people have claimed that this bill would promote innovation by allowing financial technology companies to better serve lower income customers; but let’s be clear. The only loans that would be allowed by this bill that aren’t already allowed are loans that violate State usury laws that are put in place in States to protect their consumers. Why in the world would we want to do that to people? I am sorry, but there is nothing innovative about usury, and there is nothing innovative about gouging lowincome consumers with outrageous interest rates. This is a terrible, terrible bill. So this bill is not about innovation. It is about taking away protections for consumers from predatory loans. Why in the world would we want to do that to people? I urge my colleagues, I urge them to protect consumers and to oppose this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting being able to listen to this debate. The common ground is we want to be able to have consumers have access to capital, and we also want responsible lending. We now need to reset this debate to the reality that is being faced on the ground. In an already challenging loan environment for many banks nationwide, the Madden v. Midland decision has further limited the ability of national banks to be able to issue credit. Because of the court’s decision not to apply the validwhenmade doctrine to its decision, which would have preserved lawful interest rates originated by a bank for nonbanks and third parties, access to credit and risk mitigation tools have been placed into jeopardy. The legal uncertainty resulting from the Madden decision has led to a reduction in responsible and affordable lending, and has limited consumers’ access to better and cheaper choices. Fortunately, the vice chairman’s legislation, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017, would reassert the validwhenmade principle, to ensure that a loan that is valid at its inception cannot become invalid or unenforceable upon a subsequent transfer to another person or party. This legislation promotes healthy financial markets and would help improve the oftenlimiting loan environment facing banks nationwide. This 
measure is important for our families and small businesses, for whom access to credit is critical to success. Further, this legislation ensures that innovative marketplace lending remains intact while simultaneously providing safe consumer protections. I would like to thank Mr. MCHENRY  for supporting and developing this bipartisan legislation to be able to help preserve access to credit for those who need it most, and I encourage my colleagues to support the measure here today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, you have heard those of us who are opposed to this legislation repeat over and over again that this is all about predatory lending; that this bill would open the gates wide to the kind of abuses that we have been fighting so hard against. Mrs. MALONEY asked the questions: Why do you want to do this to your constituents? Why do you want to do this to the very consumers that we are supposed to be protecting? I have raised a question to those who come from States where the attorneys general oppose this legislation. The gentlemen from North Carolina and Pennsylvania, who are here in support of this bill, they are ignoring the fact that their State attorneys general are saying that this bill is a bad bill. Of course, if H.R. 3299 was really about expanding access to underserved populations, as the proponents claim, then they may be surprised to learn that the Nation’s leading civil and consumer groups are all opposed to this legislation because it will harm consumers, not help them. b1445 According to a news article from last November, there is a reason the NAACP, the Southern Poverty Law Center, the National Consumer Law Center, the Consumer Federation of America, and dozens of churches, women’s groups, and antipoverty organizations from around the country have denounced the bill. In September, those groups wrote a joint letter to Congress warning that H.R. 3299 ‘‘wipes away the strongest available tool against predatory lending practices’’ and ‘‘will open the floodgates to a wide range of predatory actors to make loans at 300 percent annual interest or higher.’’ The article goes on to say: ‘‘But you don’t have to take the NAACP’s word for it, just take a look at the companies who are lobbying in favor of H.R. 3299.’’ Well, they aren’t many, as it is a complicated and obscure issue. But one of them, according to a Federal lobbying disclosure form, is a firm called CNU Online Holdings, LLC. Most customers of CNU Online Holdings don’t even realize they use it. They are more familiar with CNU’s parent company, payday lending giant Enova Financial; or its flagship brand, CashNetUSA. The bottom line is that this bill is not helping our consumers, but, rather, lining the pockets of predatory lenders who are looking for any way around State interest rate caps and consumer protections. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support another bill which builds on the good work of the House Financial Services Committee. The Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act takes an important step to provide certainty through our financial system and to support consumers. A 2015 court decision that we have heard other speakers talk about today, Madden v. Midland, is making it difficult for online lenders to offer businesses the funds they need to grow and succeed. In Madden, the court held that, while the National Bank Act allows a federally chartered bank to charge interest under the laws of its home State on loans it makes nationwide, nonbanks that acquire these loans may not be able to maintain the same rate of interest since nonbanks are subject to limits of the borrower’s State. At a time when lenders are eager to help consumers and businesses gain access to capital, Congress needs to step in to check this misguided ruling. When a federally chartered bank originates the interest on a loan, that interest rate should remain consistent. Representative MCHENRY ’s legislation provides that fix by codifying the legal doctrine of valid when made. Further, it helps community banks and credit unions access secondary markets they need to generate liquidity while also enabling new and emerging financial technology innovators to find easier ways for consumers and businesses to access credit and capital. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the hard work of my colleague, our chief deputy whip, on this important legislation. I encourage all of the Members of this body to support the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act. We must fix the misguided Madden ruling and take another step forward in supporting consumers, financial innovation, and our lenders that serve as the backbone of Main Street America. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, this is odd. Here, we have another Member of Congress, whose State attorney general opposes the bill, and who has banned payday lending. So, here, Mr. EMMER is joining with Mr. MCHENRY and Mr. P ITTENGER , whose State opposes the bill, North Carolina. Again, the two of them are in opposition to their own State’s attorney general. And now we have Mr. ROTHFUS from Pennsylvania and all of these speakers on the opposite side of the aisle who are coming here to support a bill that will open up the opportunity for payday lenders to basically rent a bank and put these payday loans out there at exorbitant amounts. Mr. Speaker, again, this is rather odd to see so many Members representing, supposedly, their constituents who come from States where payday lending has been banned and their attorneys general oppose this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, number one, just for the RECORD , it is Mr. R OTHFUS from Pennsylvania and Mr. PITTENGER from North Carolina. Since we serve with these colleagues, it would be nice to learn their names. Mr. Speaker, what the ranking member is proposing is to take away credit opportunities for those who need it the most. The greatest credit program is a competitive marketplace. And, unfortunately, the policy that she is advocating, this Second Circuit court case, has cut credit opportunities in half. That means people are paying more. In many respects, this is a more usurious result than what the ranking member is otherwise claiming will happen without the Second Circuit decision. Again, I alluded to it in my opening statement, but we have the definitive academic study. We don’t have to guess at this, Mr. Speaker. They studied those with lower credit scores in the Second Circuit. And what did they find out? I will quote from the study. The results presented in figure 3 indicate that the FICO increase was caused by a decline—a decline—in lending to lower quality borrowers. Thank you, Second Circuit. The pattern is most obvious for the lowest quality borrowers, those with FICO scores below 625. The growth rate for these borrowers in Connecticut and New York was a negative 52 percent. Mr. Speaker, that means they had their credit opportunities cut in half. So exactly what the ranking member says that she wants to do to help these people, she is hurting these people; taking away their opportunities to buy a home or taking away their opportunities to buy a car when they may be the sole breadwinner for their family; taking away opportunities, perhaps, to send somebody to college. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. And then this socalled radical bill of the gentleman from North Carolina, I would note it is a Democrat bill in the Senate. The exact companion bill is carried by a Democrat Senator, Senator WARNER from Virginia. It is a Democrat bill. It is bipartisan. It is supported by at least nine Members of the ranking member’s party that sit 
with her in our hearings. Clearly, they heard something she didn’t hear. Again, Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that what the Second Circuit has done is change settled law that has been settled law for over 200 years; that will completely not only cut credit opportunities in the Second Circuit, but cut credit opportunities all over America. We cannot allow that to happen. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think my friend on the opposite side of the aisle, the chairman, is right. I must make sure that I am correct in the way that I identify my colleagues, who they are and what States they come from. So I would like to repeat: Mr. MCHENRY is from North Carolina. Mr. PITTENGER is from North Carolina. The attorney general from that State opposes this bill, and this State has banned payday lending. Also let me just mention that Mr. ROTHFUS from Pennsylvania is another one who is opposed by his attorney general. His attorney general is opposed to this bill, is opposed to his representation, and Pennsylvania has banned payday lending. Of course, we were joined by Mr. EMMER , who is from Minnesota. Minnesota is in the same position as North Carolina and Pennsylvania. The attorney general of Minnesota opposes this bill, and Minnesota bans payday lending. So let’s be clear. We want to make sure that everybody understands who these Members are who are coming here in opposition to their attorneys general, in opposition to their State. These are Representatives from States that oppose this bill. These are Representatives from States who have banned payday lending. So I want to be sure that I agree with my chairman. We should let everyone know who they are. We should pronounce their names correctly. We should be sure that all of their constituents understand who their Representatives are and what they are doing here today on this bill that will help to explode predatory lending. This is the rentabank bill that would allow payday lenders to buy up debt from national banks and be able to charge whatever they would like, 300 percent and more, to the unsuspecting consumers. So I thank the chairman for helping me to make that clear. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say: Apparently, Mr. MEEKS is abusing these consumers, as is Mr. CLAY, as is Mr. SCOTT, as is Mr. C LEAVER , as is Ms. MOORE , as is Mr. P ERLMUTTER , as is Ms. SINEMA , as is Mr. H ECK, and as is Mr. GOTTHEIMER , all Democrats on the House Financial Services Committee that actually support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act. I thank my good friend from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ) for his leadership on this bipartisan, commonsense bill. This is a commonsense piece of legislation that is sponsored by two Republicans, two Democrats. It passed out of our committee with a vote of 42–17. It is the kind of bipartisan solution that the American people expect from their elected officials. Yet, opponents of this bill want people to believe that it will hurt consumers. We heard similar rhetoric on the recent tax bill passed in Congress. In fact, we still hear it, even though millions of Americans are getting bonuses, taking new and better jobs, and seeing their savings account grow. Now, let’s be clear. This bill will allow banks and credit unions to sell certain loans to investors, thus diversifying their risk and freeing up capital that can be used to issue more loans in local communities. Imagine that. Why is this commonsense legislation necessary? A recent case out of the Second Circuit ruled that certain loans would be valid when held on the books of a bank, but would be invalid the minute they are sold to investors. I fail to see how a loan becomes more dangerous, usurious, or otherwise problematic because the owner of the loan has changed. This is like saying a house’s roof becomes leaky the minute you sell it to your neighbor. This is the sort of logic that can only thrive in Washington. What happens when banks and credit unions can no longer sell loans on the public market? They issue fewer loans. Fewer young parents can get a mortgage for their new home. Fewer single mothers can get a loan for a new car. Fewer students can get a critical loan to pay for their first year of college. Fewer businesses can get loans to bring innovative ideas to the market to create jobs. This bill is not rentabank. It will not result in usurious interest rates. I recently was at a restaurant and I struck up a conversation with the waitress. She can’t get a mortgage. She can’t buy a home, even though she and her husband have good credit. That is the kind of problem we are trying to address. Mr. Speaker, I would ask the opponents of this bill to put aside politics and to join me in supporting legislation that will help young families, new businesses, and students. This bill will make credit accessible, and I urge all Members to vote for it. b1500 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Chairman HENSARLING  has named the Members on my side of the aisle, the Democrats who support this bill. None of them are on the floor at this time. None of them came here to defend the position that they took. Some of them are reconsidering the vote that they took, and so I don’t want him to try and wrap this bill around the fact that there were some Democrats who supported it. This is a Republican bill. This is a bill by the opposite side of the aisle that supports payday lending and the ability for payday lenders to continue to exploit their consumers in a new and different way. They simply allow them to buy up this debt from the national banks to be able to basically overcome usury laws. So while he would like everyone to believe there is all of this great Democratic support and he keeps saying over and over again how bipartisan this bill is, none of them are on the floor at this time. None of them came here to defend their position. None of them have said, ‘‘I know that I am absolutely correct.’’ As a matter of fact, some of them are raising questions about whether or not they should have voted for the bill, understanding it in one particular way, and some now understanding what it really does. So I thank the gentleman for his position, and I thank him for being a strong advocate for his position. I thank him for at least stepping up to the plate to say, in essence, he believes that he is doing the right thing, despite the fact that he has got Members on that side of the aisle who are going against their own States’ attorneys general. But let us not believe that this is some great Democratic bill. It is not. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say— with the exception of the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY )—I don’t see any of the committee Democrats on the floor, even those who are supporting the ranking member’s position. I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my friend and colleague from North Carolina, the deputy whip, for his leadership on this very important issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan legislation, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, we are on the verge of something special in the financial services space with financial technology 
opening the industry up to amazing innovation. However, as many of us gathered here today know, the Second Circuit’s decision in the Madden v. Midland Funding case has put this innovation and movement in jeopardy. It has done so by undermining a longheld principle which has left fintech lenders and the secondary credit market with issues that need to be addressed. Luckily, Mr. MCHENRY ’s legislation provides a muchneeded fix to the Second Circuit’s decision by codifying the validwhenmade legal doctrine. This common law principle has been around and accepted in the financial services space for some time now. This bill will ensure that innovative lending practices remain intact, allowing creative and innovative sources of capital to reach the consumer and small businesses. This is important because it will help to preserve the relationship between banks and fintech firms. I am thankful this legislation is coming up for a vote today because it is greatly needed and, if enacted, will help our economy continue to grow. This body must continue to serve as an advocate for innovation in the credit and financial technology space because, ultimately, it will benefit community development, job creation, and, most importantly, the consumer. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bipartisan and commonsense piece of legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. There was a reference to Senator WARNER , and he said that the Madden fix bill must address the payday lender loophole. I alluded to some of this kind of thinking about those who may have supported the bill without really giving a lot of thought to this loophole, but I just want you to know that even the author of the bill, Senator WARNER , is saying that the Madden fix bill must address payday lender loopholes. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3299 is ultimately a bill that would make it easier for bad actors to get around interest rate caps that States have put into place to protect borrowers from predator payday pit traps. Let’s be clear: the availability of affordable credit is very important in every community, and we should work together in ways to make sure that underserved communities have fair access to credit and banking services. But measures like H.R. 3299 do not productively advance that goal. In fact, the bill would do the opposite. It would open the door for nonbanks to ignore States’ strong protections and make loans with high interest rates. The bill would usher in a wave of harmful, high cost payday loans in States where such loans were previously disallowed. Let’s not forget that last month Mick Mulvaney, who President Trump illegally appointed to serve as Acting Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, directed the Consumer Bureau to reconsider its sensible and muchneeded rule on payday vehicle title and certain highcost installment loans. That rule, put in place under the leadership of Richard Cordray, would require payday lenders to ensure that consumers can actually afford to pay off their loans. Essentially, Donald Trump and Mick Mulvaney are helping out payday lenders by undermining the Consumer Bureau’s rule as well as rolling back and undermining many of the other critical protections put in place by Democrats in the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. On top of his pull to reconsider the payday rule, Mulvaney has also drawn a Consumer Bureau lawsuit against a group of payday lenders who allegedly failed to disclose the true cost of loans which had interest rates as high as 950 percent a year. Mr. Speaker, Congress should be standing up for and enhancing protections for consumers, not legislating to make it easier for hardworking Americans to be drawn into payday debt traps. H.R. 3299 is widely opposed by over 200 consumer and civil rights groups, including the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, the National Consumer Law Center, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and many others. And so I think it is clear what we are advocating on this side of the aisle. We are simply saying that we should not create this loophole, that we should understand the struggle that many of us have been in to try and keep payday lenders from going into the most vulnerable neighborhoods, targeting the most vulnerable people, taking advantage of folks who have no place to turn and who need a few dollars until payday, taking advantage of them and trapping them into these loans and creating all of this debt for them. This would just go a long way to continue that kind of madness, and so I would urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ), another hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, there are many days when we stand in this Chamber and I specifically talk about the regulations, the regulations that are holding back our economy from growing, holding back consumers from getting the products that they want—we talked about them in very sweeping, hyperbolic terms—but this is not one of those days. This is a day where, in this bill, we are simply codifying what has been the law of the land for over five decades, what is currently the law of the land in 47 out of 50 States. So not only has this historically been the case, what we are arguing for here, but it is also the case in 47 out of 50 States. And I don’t think those three States, the consumers or the citizens of those States, should be disadvantaged by not being able to access affordable capital to be able to grow better futures. That is what I hear back home is they want the opportunity to get loans, to get credit, to get more chances for them to build better financial futures. And, frankly, this bill does that. It solves the problem of uncertainty, and capital flees uncertainty. This makes clear what has been the law of the land. It doesn’t change State usury laws. It doesn’t impact payday. It merely restates that which we have operated under for decades before this Second Circuit decision and says the law in 47 States should be the law in 50 States. Valid when made is an important aspect of our financial markets and ensuring that we can turn over capital more frequently, thus, get more capital out to more individuals. And, frankly, that is what we are here fighting for: making sure everybody gets the opportunity to participate in a better economy by building a financial future. H.R. 3299 goes a long way in solving that problem by a very simple, very narrow fix in ensuring those three States get to participate in the benefit of a vibrant secondary market just like the 47 other States outside of the Second Circuit. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation and encourage all Members here to support this legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the ranking member has lamented that she has heard from few Democrats on this matter, so let me take the liberty of quoting from Congressman GREGMEEKS , a Democrat from New York, the lead Democratic cosponsor of the bill, who said, during markup: 
This bill would facilitate such affordable lending to those who need it the most. 
H.R. 3299 is a community bank bill. Fintech firms have partnered with small community banks and provided these institutions with technological expertise needed to contend with larger competitors. In fact, I’m aware that there are fintech firms engaging with Blackowned banks who have benefited tremendously from new technologies. 
H.R. 3299 is also a smallbusiness bill. According to the Urban Institute, 34 percent of my constituents in Jamaica, Queens, who have bank accounts rely on alternative financial service providers, including rentto own agreements and refund anticipation loans because they have unmet lending needs. Madden does little to help these underbanked individuals. Instead, it shuts the door to more affordable bank loans facilitated through partnership models. 
Madam Speaker, I could go on, but what we are trying to do here is assure that what just happened in the Second Circuit, where credit opportunities are cut in half, doesn’t happen nationwide. The hardworking men and women of America deserve better, and so we must support H.R. 3299. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. CHENEY). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b1515 TRID IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 736, I call up the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–59, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 115–559 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3978 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 1513 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5112) is amended by striking ‘‘are loan originators or are applying for licensing or registration as loan originators.’’ and inserting ‘‘have applied, are applying, or are currently licensed or registered through the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry. The previous sentence shall only apply to persons in an industry with respect to which persons were licensed or registered through the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry on the date of the enactment of this sentence.’’. 
This title and the amendments made by this title shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After 1 hour of debate on the bill, as amended, it shall be in order to consider the further amendment printed in part C of House Report 115–559, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
The final title of this bill is a provision introduced by Congressman STIVERSto allow mortgage loan originators who work as loan officers in banks and credit unions to transition to a new job at a nonmortgage company without losing the ability to originate loans. Without this bill, the transition process can take weeks or months depending on the State. Each of these measures, Madam Speaker, will cut through layers of red tape and help level the playing field making regulations smarter, fairer, clearer, and more efficient, thus ensuring that there are more competitively priced credit opportunities, more credit opportunities for consumers, and that investors have greater investment opportunities in competitive markets. They will provide commonsense regulatory relief. They are practical, they are bipartisan, and they are needed. Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act of 2017. H.R. 3978 has been dramatically expanded without input from Democrats to include several highly problematic and damaging bills. If enacted, this amended package of bills would ease the ability of high frequency traders to manipulate the stock markets undetected, encourage a regulatory race to the bottom in our Nation’s stock exchanges, and harm investors and small businesses by weakening efforts to prevent accounting fraud at smaller public companies. Taken together, this deregulatory package could significantly undermine market stability and gut investor and consumer protections at a time when our financial markets are already rattled. Madam Speaker, from January 26 until last Thursday, the stock markets plunged just over 10 percent, becoming what the financial services industry calls ‘‘stock market correction,’’ and for the past two trading days, markets have rebounded the most since 2016. Although market corrections are not new, what distinguishes today’s volatility is that it is driven by complex computer strategies designed to buy and sell stocks and options millions of times a day. As many of us have witnessed, the Dow Jones Industrial Average may be up 500 points and then down 600 in less than a few minutes. For the average American who was hoping to one day retire with dignity by investing her hardearned savings in the stock market, it can be distressing to see such wild swings always wondering whether the markets are truly fair or whether she is going to be fleeced. Unfortunately, the passage of H.R. 3978 would likely make those swings more extreme and increase the likelihood of problems going forward. I am going to walk through each of the problematic provisions in this bill. Beginning with title IV, this provision is identical to H.R. 4546, the National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act, which would weaken the standards for listing public companies for trading at U.S. stock exchanges. Today, exchanges listing standards set minimum requirements for a company’s shares to be sold to the public without having to comply with State law. Exchanges can only revise these standards if the Securities and Exchange Commission first finds that new standards are substantially similar to the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. This bill would remove any separate analysis for changing the standards and, thus, automatically preempt State oversight. As a result, the bill would encourage a race to the bottom of listing standards as exchanges compete with each other to attract companies with less restrictions, even if the standards are beneficial to the investors. I believe that we should be strengthening the current analysis to promote fair and rigorous listing standards and only preempt State law when companies meet high standards. This is why I worked with the cosponsors last Congress to strike a bipartisan compromise which passed the House unanimously to require the SEC to develop a core qualitative listing standard. Unfortunately, my Republican colleagues have reversed their position in favor of empowering the industry over the investing public. Turning to title III which is identical to H.R. 1645, the socalled Fostering Innovation Act, this provision would eliminate the independent audit of a company’s financial reporting controls for up to 10 years for newly public companies provided that they have $50 million or less in gross revenues and less than $700 million in outstanding shares. Passed in the wake of the Enron and WorldCom accounting scandals, the requirement that public companies conduct an independent audit of financial controls is one of the many accounting provisions required by the bipartisan SarbanesOxley Act that directly benefits investors and public companies by improving the accuracy of their financial reporting. In fact, companies that are not subject to such review by an independent auditor are more likely to issue corrections to their financial reports leading to investor losses and higher losses for the company. Investors like these audits because they improve the veracity of the reports they rely on to make investment decisions. Today, truly small public companies—those with less than $75 million worth of shares—are already exempt from the audit requirement. But this bill would extend the exemption to large companies that are nearly ten times that size. The law already provides newly public companies with an exemption for 5 years. Extending it to a decade would harm investor confidence and all such companies, hurting the very companies the bill’s supporters purport to help. Title II of this bill is the same language as H.R. 3948, the Protection of Source Code Act. This bill bans the SEC from inspecting source code used by regulated entities to engage in algorithmic or computerdriven trading and other activities that impact the securities markets and investors without first obtaining a subpoena. This provision would severely hamper the ability of the SEC to effectively examine persons like highfrequency traders and to investigate market disruptions. The recent stock market volatility, which has seen all of the major stock indices decline by more than 10 percent in less than 2 weeks, has been exacerbated by highfrequency traders using complex computer algorithms to determine when to buy and sell millions of trades per second by making it harder for the capital markets COP to detect and stop bad actors and rein in fraudulent trading schemes. This provision will inevitably harm everyday Americans and retirees who rely on fair capital markets to invest their hard earned savings. To make matters worse, Republicans added a provision to pay for the cost of the bill by taking $2 million from the Securities and Exchange Commission’s reserve fund. As a result, our financial watchdog will have less resources to support its capacity to oversee the markets through investments in IT and to respond to unforeseen market events like the flash crash. In short, this bill asks taxpayers to pay for the costs of diminished capital market oversight by taking away SEC’s funding to respond to emergency market situations that threaten market stability. This provision doubles down on the irresponsible policymaking we often see by the opposite side of the aisle. The bill before us today would also make two less significant changes which I believe the Republicans included to garner additional support for the legislation. Nevertheless, even with these provisions, the package should be soundly rejected. Title I, which includes the version of H.R. 3978, TRID Improvement Act of 2017, that the committee previously considered, would amend a mortgage disclosure known as TRID or the know beforeyouowe disclosure that informs home buyers of the terms and conditions of their mortgage. Responding to the concerns of some in the real estate industry, this provision would amend the disclosure to account for the discounts paid to borrowers in States where simultaneous lender and buyer title insurance is issued. However, the revised form does nothing for bars in States that do not provide such special rates to home buyers, and the provision eliminates the Consumer Bureau’s ability to fix this aspect of the form even if a problem arises in the future. 
The final provision, title V, is identical to H.R. 2948, the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act. This title would ease the ability of individuals employed as mortgage originators to change employers by creating a temporary 120 day licensing regime so that they can continue to work at their new employer. This bill would effectively treat mortgage originators who work for State registered firms the same as federally registered firms and was unanimously supported by committee Democrats. Unfortunately, because this legislation has been packaged with other deeply problematic and destructive bills, sensible relief to these individuals that has broad bipartisan support is being held hostage by Republicans’ efforts to roll back as many safeguards as they can this year. Madam Speaker, H.R. 3978, as amended, threatens many of the important reforms Democrats made to restore investor confidence to our capital markets after the worst financial crisis in generations. As the stock markets continue to wobble ominously in ways that threaten the savings of hardworking Americans, Congress should be strengthening oversight of the financial system, not weakening it. Not surprisingly, H.R. 3978 is strongly opposed by the North American Association of Securities Administrators who serve on the frontline combating securities fraud on the State level and by nonpartisan organization who speak on behalf of our Nation’s consumers, investors, and unions, including Consumer Federation of America, Center for American Progress, Americans for Financial Reform, AFL–CIO, and Public Citizen, and so do I. Madam Speaker, I urge everyone to reject this harmful package of bills and to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3978. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1530 Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), the majority whip of the committee and the sponsor of the legislation. Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act. I want to focus my comments on the actual improvements to the Truth in Lending and RESPA form, TILA RESPA, which is now referred to as TRID. Back in 2010, when DoddFrank was being considered, one of the goals that thenWhite House staffer ELIZABETH  WARREN , now Senator E LIZABETH WARREN, had was: Well, we are going to make this a win for both banks and consumers. One of the things we are going to do is we are going to make forms simpler and consumer disclosure better. America’s exhibit A today is the TILARESPA form. TILA was about truth in lending, and let’s make sure the interest rate you are going to pay on your mortgage is calculated right, it is accurate. And RESPA, the Real Estate Settlement Act, said that whatever you were paying in extras, such as title insurance, was disclosed accurately. Well, we now flash forward a number of years. Back in 2013, the CFPB finalized this new, combined rule, the TRID rule: know before you owe. It should have been called: know before you confuse. This rule, finalized in 2013, was still subject to delay due to errors that the CFPB made, and it finally got put in place back in 2015. There was $1.5 billion in software compliance costs for banks to try to merge this form that is supposed to be so simple and so easy for consumers. The CFPB offered no concrete guidance about it. So this House came together and over 300 Members of this House voted to direct the CFPB to improve this rule; that it was not a success story. So, in fact, in April 2016, the CFPB decided to open the rulemaking for TILARESPA and try to find some clarifying and amending procedures that would make it more clear. Well, as you can hear, it is a massive, complex rule that is expensive. The American Bankers Association said if there was one thing to fix in consumer compliance, it would be TILARESPA; the TRID. It wouldn’t be the qualified mortgage definition. It wouldn’t be all the capital rules embedded in Dodd Frank. It would be this rule. When I have been at home in my district, I have heard about it countless times from mortgage bankers and community bankers. So we are still not there, which is why we are here today, Madam Speaker. And that is, this bill does one simple thing, which says: if you buy a title insurance policy, in the majority of States, the CFPB rule is not accurate. You can see here that the rule for Arkansas on a $200,000 sales price house says that the consumer should pay $382.50 after this complex formula when, in reality, they are really paying either $525 or the actual charge of $35. So it is not an improvement. In these States, the CFPB is not allowing for the calculation of a discounted rate, known as a simultaneous issue, which is a rate title insurance companies provide to consumers when they purchase both the lender’s and owner’s title policy simultaneously. Madam Speaker, this bill offers clarity and actually takes a complex rule and makes this part of it simpler so our consumers actually will see on the closing statement what the cost of the title insurance is. It will be transparent. There are many other challenges with this rule, and we have talked about them in our committee. Today, we are only debating and discussing one small one. But I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle—when this bill came out of our committee—bipartisan—this is a bill that Members of Congress have heard from across this country and all 50 States from community bankers, mortgage bankers of all sizes who are trying to provide an accurate, fast closing for our most important thing we do as a family, and that is to decide to buy a home. I thank the chairman of the full committee for yielding. I urge my colleagues to support this full package of bipartisan bills through regular order, through our committee, and that are presented here to improve our economy, improve the balance in our regulatory system, and help make credit more accessible for consumers at better prices. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance and the sponsor of title 2 of the Protection of Source Code in this bill. Mr. DUFFY. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for all of his work and support on this legislation, as well as the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), for which my provision is made part of a larger package. I also thank the gentlemen from Georgia and Illinois, my good friends across the aisle, DAVID SCOTT and B ILL FOSTER , both of whom are cosponsors of the Protection of Source Code Act. It is a bipartisan bill. The recent cyber incidents at Equifax, SEC, and even at the NSA, has shown that all organizations are vulnerable to security risks. These incidents are a timely reminder of the risks that we face in this digital age. Given this reality, it is important for government agencies such as the SEC to rethink what they collect, how they collect it, how it is stored, and what they do with this information in the long run. The Protection of Source Code Act is a bipartisan bill intended to reduce some of the cybersecurity risks to our financial markets posed by the SEC when it gathers highly sensitive trading or source code information as part of their oversight duties. The Protection of Source Code Act establishes a process for the SEC with respect to requesting source code and other intellectual property that forms the basis of source code. It does not preclude the SEC from requesting data that it determines it needs for market oversight. It merely puts a process in place for how the SEC seeks access to certain intellectual property. Having a process in place for how the SEC requests source code and similar intellectual property will better protect registrants and their clients and investors from inadvertent disclosure or cyber theft of their most valuable and important intellectual property. 
Such disclosure or theft could destroy the American businesses that own the intellectual property. Worse, it could undermine investor confidence and create significant volatility in our financial markets. In general, the SEC should not be requesting source code or intellectual property that forms the basis of source code. They shouldn’t be collecting that on a regular basis. Such information is generally unnecessary for the SEC to perform its market oversight function and, as we have learned from recent cyber hacks, could create a very inviting treasure trove of sensitive data for computer hackers. This bill ensures that the SEC will gather source code when it is truly needed, under a subpoena process that provides appropriate due process for the information. Under this bill, the SEC, in conducting an exam, may continue to ask a registrant for general information about a registrant’s trading system or trading strategies. So let’s break this down a little bit. We have source code that is highly sensitive. It is intellectual property. If you are the SEC, you can actually go onsite and look at the source code. I am fine with that. But if you are going to collect the source code and take it back to the SEC and store it and you have a whole bunch of intellectual property from American businesses stored at the SEC, this is onestop shopping for hackers. You have just got to do it once. Get in the SEC and you get it all. My friend across the aisle, the ranking member, wants to talk about volatility. Wait and see if there is an SEC hack where they get all this information, all this source code. That is a risk we don’t want to have. We want due process. If you want to come in and take the source code, get a subpoena. Do we believe in due process in America? For the most sensitive data, the most sensitive information, get a subpoena and you can take it. But those are basic measurers, basic protections that we offer in America that we should employ at the SEC when they want this intellectual property that is of great value to these firms. My bill, contrary to the ranking member’s point, Madam Speaker, doesn’t offer exemptions to exams. Exams will still happen. Also, it is still illegal to manipulate markets. Those things haven’t changed. This is just about due process. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. It is important that we have truthful and honest information on the floor. This does not prohibit exams. This doesn’t make legal manipulation of the markets. It is still illegal. All we are saying is we have sensitive source code, and if you want to take it to the SEC, you get a subpoena. Frankly, we think there are problems with that. The SEC has been hacked. The NSA has been hacked. Everybody has been hacked. If you compile all this information, the risk that poses to our markets and volatility to our markets, I think, is unacceptable. That is why it is bipartisan. I would encourage all Members of this House to take a step forward for due process. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, given the extreme volatility in the stock markets over the past few weeks, I am particularly troubled by title II of this bill, which would make it easier for highfrequency traders to evade regulatory oversight of their potentially disruptive automated trading algorithms. This provision is widely opposed by nonpartisan consumer and investor advocacy groups who recognize the impact automated trading has on our markets. Let me read for you excerpts from a few letters from these groups that highlight the dangers of title 2. Americans for Financial Reform—a coalition of more than 200 consumer, civil rights, investor, retiree community, labor, faithbased, and business groups—wrote: ‘‘Title II would prevent regulators from inspecting not only their raw source code used in automated trading, but also any related intellectual property that ‘forms the basis for the design of’ source code. Examination of such intellectual property would only be possible in an enforcement context pursuant to a subpoena. This implies that the SEC would have to wait until the damage was done through a ‘flash crash’ or similar market disruption before taking any action, which would have to be retrospective. ‘‘In light of the significance of automated trading to modern markets, and the potential risk of highfrequency trading, it makes no sense to tie the hands of regulators in examining detailed trading strategies and methods of high frequency traders.’’ The Center for American Progress cautioned that: ‘‘But in an era of fast moving, ‘flashcrash’prone markets, the SEC may have a wide range of regulatory reasons for why it may need to examine source codes, including approvals of new trading products or the supervision of trading venues. The SEC should only exercise that authority carefully and under the strictest protections for confidential information, but blocking it by law dangerously limits the SEC’s ability to address the significant technologybased challenges to financial markets.’’ The Consumer Federation of America, an association of nearly 300 consumer advocacy groups, similarly opposed title 2 because it ‘‘would weaken SEC oversight of algorithmic trading and hamstring the agency from responding quickly to flash crashes or other market breakdowns.’’ Further, the CFA wrote that: ‘‘At a time when algorithmic trading is taking on increased importance in our capital markets, this bill would make it more difficult for the SEC to properly oversee such trading. b1545 ‘‘The bill would require the SEC to first issue a subpoena before it could compel a person to produce or furnish to the SEC algorithmic trading source code or ‘similar intellectual property.’ This would undermine the SEC’s examination authority by creating a gaping hole in its ability to gain access to firm records relevant to the examination. It would also have a devastating effect on the agency’s ability to respond quickly in the event of another ‘flash crash’ or such events in the future. In order to oversee the markets effectively, the SEC needs to be able to accurately and efficiently reconstruct order entry and trading activity, including for algorithmic traders.’’ Public Citizen, a consumer rights advocacy group with over 400,000 members and supporters, wrote: ‘‘Market volatility caused not by real events such as outbreak of a war, but by computers, including computer glitches, threatens to erase savings to some innocent investors and erodes general investor confidence. The recent swings in the markets attest to the need for robust and urgent supervisory inspection. The May 6, 2010 ‘Flash Crash,’ where markets collapsed by more than $1 trillion in less than an hour, revealed that such a robust and urgent supervision has been lacking. The SEC required nearly a half year to investigate this incident before identifying a flawed algorithmic at one major trader. SEC oversight should be streamlined, not hampered. Trading instructions and records of human traders are already subject to inspection, so it should be no different for those instructions and records generated by a machine. Hiding source code from regulatory scrutiny will leave those responsible for mistakes as well as those attempting to manipulate markets unaccountable.’’ These letters demonstrate the wide opposition to title II by groups that truly understand that robust oversight of algorithmic trading is necessary for the help of our makers. Madam Speaker, I include in the RECORD letters from these groups. 
FEBRUARY 13, 2018. Please vote NO on H.R. 3299 and H.R. 3978. Hon. MEMBER , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR HON. M EMBER : On behalf of more than 400,000 members and supporters of Public Citizen, we ask you to vote NO on H.R. 3299 and H.R. 3978, which are expected to be considered by the full House on Wednesday, February 14, 2018. Provisions in these bills would expose borrowers to abusive loans, investors to dubious securities, and Americans generally to a riskier financial system. 
classification, securities enjoy the advantages of exemptions from statelevel regulations. Title IV in H.R. 3978 would amend the Securities Act of 1933 to remove the requirement that companies meet listing standards rigorous enough to be considered similar to those of major exchanges, effectively allowing riskier, less liquid securities to qualify as ‘‘covered securities’’ and avoid state securities laws designed to protect investors and financial markets. Under this section of H.R. 3978, a security would be exempt from state level fraud protections as long as it is traded on a national exchange that is a member of the National Market System. This would mean that securities could be preempted from the oversight of state securities regulators without meeting the strong standards that the SEC has laid out for individual securities to qualify for preemption under Section 18 of the Securities Act. Both the North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA), the main body of state securities regulators, and the chief securities regulator for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts have made the dangers of this legislation clear in strongly worded opposition letters. In these letters, they advocated for fair and rigorous listing standards as essential to protect retail investors and savers, to maintain high standards for corporate governance, and to avoid conflicts of interests that harm investors. Title IV of H.R. 3978 unacceptably weakens these listing standards. The sections of H.R. 3978 discussed above are, individually, bad bills for consumers and investors rights and protections. Packaging them together only worsens the harm. We urge you to reject H.R. 3978. Thank you for your attention to this matter. For more information please contact AFR’s Policy Director, Marcus Stanley. Sincerely, AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM . 
MORTGAGE BANKERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, February 13, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, House Financial Services Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. MAXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, House Financial Services Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN, L EADER PELOSI , CHAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING MEMBER  WATERS : On behalf of the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA), I am writing to express our support for H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act, which the House of Representatives will vote on this week. I would highlight MBA’s strong support for the inclusion of two individual bills—H R. 2948 and the previously freestanding H.R. 3978—within this updated vehicle. MBA enthusiastically supports the inclusion of Title V, Section 501, entitled ‘‘Eliminating barriers to jobs for loan originators,’’ within the newly repackaged bill. The Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing (SAFE) Act of 2008 created two parallel but asymmetrical regimes for mortgage loan originators (MLOs) that have resulted in uneven consumer protections and an un level playing field for mortgage originators. The SAFE Act requires MLOs employed by nonbank lenders to be licensed, which includes prelicensing and annual continuing education requirements, passage of a comprehensive test, and criminal and financial background reviews conducted by state regulators. These MLOs are also registered in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry (NMLS). By contrast, MLOs employed by federallyinsured depositories or their affiliates must only be registered in the NMLS, and do not have to pass a test or meet specific education requirements. The result is a twotiered system that inhibits job mobility for loan officers and makes it difficult for nonbank lenders to compete for talented employees. Rather than leaving a job on a Friday and starting a new job on a Monday, an MLO who moves from a bank to a nonbank lender must sit idle for weeks, and sometimes months, unable to engage in loan origination activities while they complete the SAFE Act’s licensing and testing requirements — despite the fact they have already been registered in the NMLS and originating loans. This bill promotes a fair and competitive labor market by eliminating barriers to the ability of nonbank lenders (especially small lenders) to compete for talented staff, and allowing MLOs to more easily move to the employer that offers them the best chance to succeed. Section 501 of the bill is a bipartisan, narrow solution that would provide ‘‘transitional authority’’ to originate mortgages for individuals who change corporate affiliation from a federallyinsured institution to a non bank lender, or move across state lines, while they work to meet the SAFE Act’s licensing and testing requirements. Transitional authority would be available only to MLOs that have a clean history as an originator (e.g., no license denials, revocations or suspensions, cease and desist orders, or felonies that preclude licensing). MBA is especially grateful for the leadership of the bill’s author, Representative Steve Stivers (R–OH), as well as its bipartisan original cosponsors: Representatives Joyce Beatty (D–OH), Bruce Poliquin (R– ME), and Kyrsten Sinema (D–AZ). Last Congress, the bill was unanimously reported from the House Financial Services Committee, and shortly thereafter passed the full House of Representatives under suspension of the rules. Again, late last year, the bill was reported from committee by a unanimous vote of 60–0. MBA also supports Title I, Section 101, entitled ‘‘TRID Improvement’’, of the newly re packaged bill, as originally introduced as a freestanding vehicle by Representatives French Hill (R–AR) and Ruben Kihuen (D– NV). This section would amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) to require the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to allow the accurate disclosure of title insurance premiums and any potential available discounts to homebuyers. Under current regulations, the CFPB does not permit title insurance companies to disclose available discounts for lender’s title insurance on the governmentmandated disclosure forms. This creates inconsistencies in mortgage documents and causes confusion for consumers. This section would minimize that confusion by allowing title insurance companies to disclose available discounts and accurate title insurance premiums to consumers across the country. MBA urges all members of the House to support the newly reframed H.R. 3978. Thank you for your consideration of our views on this bill, which will help promote a more competitive real estate finance market and thereby enhance overall economic development and growth. Sincerely, BILLKILLMER , Senior Vice President, Legislative and Political Affairs. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to say the widespread opposition to the bill alluded to by the ranking member doesn’t include roughly half the Democrats on the committee, including the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), who was quoted in our markup as saying: ‘‘As someone who can code in at least seven languages, I understand that source code is qualitatively different from other documents that a firm might have and that our regulators should have legitimate access to. They are truly the crown jewels of an electronic trading firm, and there are obvious dangers that have been exposed in transferring things really not just to the government, to any entity. The first line of defense in cybersecurity is to keep the data as closely held as reasonable and still be able to do your job.’’ Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), the vice chairman on the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment. Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING , and I am so grateful for his work on this package of bills that are so important. I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act, and all the additional measures that have been included in the Rules Committee print. I am a cosponsor of four of the five bills. The TRID Improvement Act sponsored by Representatives HILLand K IHUEN make important improvements to the TILARESPA integrated disclosure forms so home purchasers have the accurate representation of title insurance costs. I am also a strong supporter of the National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act, which I cosponsored with Chairman ROYCE . This is a commonsense technical fix to a 20yearold statute that didn’t foresee an increase in the number of exchanges in today’s competitive market structure. Currently, exchanges not named in the law must have substantially similar listing standards as those that are specifically named. This means the Chicago Stock Exchange, the CBOE, and others that have registered with the SEC since 1996 cannot be first movers in adopting innovative listing standards. The Chicago Stock Exchange has told me: ‘‘This change would remove this current impediment to companies listing their securities on CHX and would help in the exchange’s efforts to develop a robust primary listing market here in Illinois.’’ I am also very supportive of Chairman DUFFY ’s legislation, the Protection of Source Code Act, and I am an original cosponsor of that, because I 
recognize that the entire value of some companies are embodied in their source code. We need to have strong checks in place before our government can demand such information. Chris Giancarlo, now chairman of the CFTC, described the value of a subpoena when criticizing the idea of a source code repository at the agency he serves. I quote him when he said: ‘‘The subpoena process provides property owners with due process of law before the government can seize their property. It protects owners of property, not the government that already has abundant power.’’ Finally, I want to mention my support for the Fostering Innovation Act, sponsored by KYRSTEN SINEMA and TREY HOLLINGSWORTH ; and the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act, sponsored by STEVE STIVERS and J OYCE BEATTY . I am a cosponsor of those measures as well. I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of this very bipartisan package of bills. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ), the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. WILLIAMS. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act introduced by my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) and my colleague from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ). This important and overwhelmingly bipartisan legislation, which passed out of the House Financial Services Committee by a vote of 53–5, is a straightforward, commonsense solution that will help hardworking Americans buy a new home or refinance their existing home. Under the CFPB’s misnamed ‘‘Know before you owe’’ TRID rule, those in the home buying or refinancing process may not actually know everything about the price they are going to pay before closing. Because of the TRID rule and the restrictions placed on the listing of discounted title loan insurance rates on loan estimates, consumers may see one title loan insurance price on their loan estimate and another on their closing form. The TRID rule creates unnecessary confusion, and this bill is a step in the right direction to reducing the burdensome and overreaching authority of the CFPB. I am proud to join this bipartisan effort, but I do wish that the CFPB had been more willing to work with the chorus of voices from both sides of the aisle calling for this change. The home buying experience is complicated enough as it is, and the rationale displayed by the CFPB discourages homeownership and levies unjust penalties for those Americans striving for the dream of homeownership. I am proud to join my colleagues in support of this measure, the TRID Improvement Act. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for moving this very important package of bills through the Financial Services Committee and now to the floor. Madam Speaker, I want to congratulate a terrific Congressman from the State of Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for the great work he has done in reconstituting the TRID Improvement Act. This bill, Madam Speaker, is designed to help our homeowners or wouldbe homeowners go through the process comfortably and efficiently, and also help our financial professionals who help them, in turn, to secure residential mortgages. This bill, as has been noted earlier, Madam Speaker, passed with very strong bipartisan support, and I encourage everybody on the floor, Republicans and Democrats, to weigh in with a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 3978. Now, Madam Speaker, Mr. HILL’s bill has two very important pieces that help our families and also help our economy grow. First, in title I, section 101, this bill allows title insurance companies to accurately disclose the premiums they charge for their service and also the discounts that are available to our home buyers across the country. Right now, the CFPB does not allow such disclosures, which is unfair and confusing for our home buyers. Madam Speaker, secondly, in title V, section 501, this bill includes the Eliminating Barriers to Jobs for Loan Originators Act, of which I am proudly a cosponsor. This bill, Madam Speaker, allows mortgage loan officers at a bank to move to do the same work at a nonbank financial institution without sometimes waiting weeks or months for redundant and unnecessary relicensing. Now, that is just not fair, Madam Speaker, to the folks who are trying to help our families secure mortgages so they can move into a new place to work. I encourage everybody on both sides of the aisle to support this excellent bill. It is bipartisan. Again, I congratulate the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), and I salute our chairman for moving this so quickly through the process. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), another member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the TRID Improvement Act, bipartisan legislation introduced by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). I am a proud cosponsor of this legislation, which combines three bipartisan proposals that will improve the home buying process, protect intellectual property, and help emerging businesses thrive and create jobs. By reforming confusing regulations that make it difficult for prospective buyers or businesses to get title insurance, this legislation will help get more families into homes and help local businesses grow. By protecting the intellectual property of investors, we are improving the access to capital that is essential for growth and job creation in communities on Long Island, where my district is located, and all across our country. And last but not least, by reforming the outdated definition of what constitutes an emerging growth company, this legislation takes important steps towards fostering innovation and ensuring that new businesses are not discouraged from expansion and job creation. The sum of these important bipartisan solutions are more innovation, more hiring, and a more vibrant economy. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this important piece of legislation. I thank my colleague, Congressman HILL, for his leadership with it, and Chairman HENSARLING and his great staff for all their efforts to get this bill to the floor. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), another proud member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership and for allowing me to come here and speak in support of the TRID Improvement Act and the other bills that are in this package. Madam Speaker, we have seen countless examples of overregulation and regulatory mission creep by many agencies, and especially of the CFPB. But one of the things the CFPB should be doing is making sure that consumers have the right information when closing on a home. Unfortunately, the CFPB’s 2015 mortgage disclosure caused many home buyers to not have an accurate disclosure of their title insurance premiums. The commonsense bill proposed by my colleague, Mr. HILL, will make sure that home buyers know exactly the cost of their title insurance, not two different prices from a loan estimate and a closing document. I also strongly support several other pieces of legislation that have been included in this package. Mr. ROSS’ bill, the FSOC Improvement Act, will make regulation of large financial institutions much smarter and more effective. 
Instead of only focusing on punishing companies for violations of rules, regulators should also focus on what should be the real purpose of financial regulations, which is reducing risk. Mr. ROSS’ bill will also allow nonbank financial companies the opportunity to reduce any risky activities before they are designated as systemically important. This will help financial regulators to achieve their intended purpose rather than simply being a gotcha game on regulated companies. All of these bills we are considering today received overwhelming bipartisan support in the Financial Services Committee, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislative package. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to whether or not the chairman has more speakers? Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I would tell the ranking member that I have potentially two speakers, if they make it. They are on their way from a hearing, but they are not here now. b1600 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, it has become par for the course for the majority to recklessly advance harmful deregulatory packages like H.R. 3978. My friends on the other side of the aisle are moving forward with regulatory roadblocks at a furious pace, pushing dangerous bills through the House nearly every week. It appears that they may have already completely forgotten a way that lacks financial regulation and allowed the crisis in 2008 to occur. That crisis badly damaged the whole economy and harmed all of our constituents. The impact was enormous: $13 trillion in household wealth was lost; 11 million people lost their homes to foreclosure; and the unemployment rate reached 10 percent. Democrats responded by enacting Wall Street reform to ensure that consumers, investors, and our economy are protected from reckless actors and bad practices, but now Republicans cannot wait to take us back to the bad old days. It makes no sense. As we have discussed, the package of bills now before us guts important financial protections at a time when markets are already experiencing turmoil. It would allow highfrequency traders to manipulate the stock markets undetected, encourage a regulatory race to the bottom at our Nation’s stock exchanges, and harm investors by weakening efforts to detect accounting fraud at smaller public companies. This package of bills threatens important progress we have made to reduce risk in the financial system and return investor confidence. In recent weeks, we have seen volatile markets that threaten the savings of hardworking American families. These circumstances should serve as a clear reminder that Congress should be strengthening oversight of the financial system, not weakening it by undermining or removing important protections. H.R. 3978 is strongly opposed by our State’s security cops, who are at the front line of combating fraud, and it is opposed by groups representing consumers, investors, and unions. Madam Speaker, for all of these reasons, I urge Members to oppose H.R. 3978, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, there may be other Members coming, so, at the moment, I yield myself 4 minutes. Madam Speaker, again, all over America today, fortunately, because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, people are waking up to new opportunities. They are finally seeing their wages begin to grow. We have seen the greatest wage growth in almost a decade, Madam Speaker, again, thanks to President Trump and thanks to a Republican Congress, a bill that was opposed by every single Democrat. But as they wake up to these new opportunities, Madam Speaker, they also need new credit. As their incomes rise—this is good—they still need credit in order to buy a home, in order to purchase that car, and sometimes just to put groceries on the table. Unfortunately, over the last 8 years of the Obama administration where we saw probably one of the greatest increases in the cost, expense, and burden of costly Washington red tape, we have seen fewer credit opportunities. So now, fortunately, today there are good men and women on both sides of the aisle who are trying to work together to bring some rationale and reason to the regulatory burden. Many Members on the other side of the aisle do realize that DoddFrank did not come down as tablets from Mt. Sinai, that it isn’t chiseled into stone, and that maybe there are some improvements that could be made. So today, we are taking a number of very bipartisan bills to the House floor. The Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act, which we debated earlier, Madam Speaker, passed by 42–17. The TRID Improvement Act by Mr. HILLfrom Arkansas passed through our committee 53–5—90 percent. Almost all of the Democrats but the ranking member supported the bill. The Protection of Source Code Act, 46–14; the Fostering Innovation Act passed by a vote of 48–12, a Democratic bill; the National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act, 46–14. We have a lot of bipartisan bills, but with one exception, title V of the TRID Improvement Act, none of them were supported, unfortunately, by the ranking member. So there is, again, a lot of bipartisan work we are trying to get done here. Unfortunately, very little of it is supported by the ranking member. And why is this important? It is important, Madam Speaker, because every day we are still hearing from our constituents who need access to competitive affordable credit. And because of this Washington red tape and regulatory burden, they are not getting it. It wasn’t that long ago we heard from Ann of Wisconsin, who said: My husband and I had very high credit scores. We have plenty of equity in our home. But because my husband has a seasonal job and finds other employment in the winter, many banks we contacted rejected our loan request. They based our annual income only on the job he has currently and said that was part of the new regulations. 
Part of the new regulations—there is somebody who won’t buy a home; they can’t get a home. I heard from a mortgage banker in North Carolina who said: 
Last year, we declined a young man and his family fixed rate financing to purchase a primary home. The applicant recently relocated to work for a family business. Prior to DoddFrank, it would have been easy to qualify, but no more. 
Another potential American home buyer denied credit because of this regulatory burden. Madam Speaker, that is what many of us, on both sides of the aisle, are trying to remedy today. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), a sponsor of title III of the Fostering Innovation Act. Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3978, a package of commonsense solutions, each passed with support of both parties by the House Financial Services Committee. Madam Speaker, I also thank Congressman HILLof Arkansas for his leadership in moving the package forward. One of these solutions is H.R. 1645, the Fostering Innovation Act, legislation we introduced to help Arizona biopharmaceutical companies make lifesaving breakthroughs. Business expenses always involve tradeoffs. When Arizona small businesses spend money on costly regulations that provide little public benefit, they have less money to invest in research, development, and job creation for Arizona families. That is why I introduced this bill. This narrow fix ensures that innovative emerging growth companies, or EGCs, have the time and capital to develop and perfect scientific breakthroughs. Right now, they are exempted only for 5 years from these costly external audit requirements. That is often not enough time for these emerging companies to prepare innovations for commercialization. Our bill temporarily extends this exemption for an additional 5 years for a small subset of these EGCs with an annual revenue of less than $50 million and less than $700 million in public float. 
The Fostering Innovation Act empowers innovative Arizona companies, like HTG Molecular Diagnostics, to use valuable resources to remain competitive, stable, and, ultimately, successful. HTG is a Tucsonbased developer of targeted molecular profiling technology. This innovation ensures genetic testing can be turned around accurately and quickly, in as little as 24 hours. For patients, doctors, and families grappling with unexplainable symptoms or illnesses, genetic testing can provide critical insights and inform the best course of treatment. These are lifesaving breakthroughs. It is what companies like HTG should use their limited resources to fund, not unnecessary and costly paperwork. I urge my colleagues to support American ingenuity, job creation, and growth by passing this act. Mr. Speaker, I thank, in particular, Chairman HENSARLING and Congressman HOLLINGSWORTH of Indiana for working with me on a consensus solution that cuts red tape and supports innovative and potentially lifesaving medical research. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YODER ). The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to hear the voices of hardworking Americans, not just Washington, D.C., letterhead groups. We heard from a community banker, who said: 
A local union member wanted to refinance his primary residence. He was currently laid off due to the winter season. His tax return showed he was generally laid off for about 6 weeks each year during the extreme cold but was always called back when weather improved. Since he was laid off, we could not meet the requirement to validate his current income that would continue for 3 years. We had to deny the loan. 
February 13, 2018. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , The undersigned organizations urge you to vote against H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act. The bill, which amends Section 2603 of RESPA, would create confusion and undermine consistency in mortgage disclosures. In particular, the bill would make it harder for consumers to understand how much they are paying for title insurance, a required fee that already lacks a transparent, functioning market. In 2007, a GAO report concluded that borrowers ‘‘have little or no influence over the price of title insurance but have little choice but to purchase it.’’ Instead, the lender typically chooses the insurer. As a result, the fees are grossly inflated in relation to the value of the insurance. Recent studies have found that barely 5% to 11% of premiums are paid out in claims. Almost the entirety of a title insurance premium goes to commissions, not insurance coverage. In contrast, for health insurance, minimally 80% of premiums are returned to consumers in claim payouts and the loss ratios for auto insurance fluctuate between 50% and 70%. Borrowers already pay inflated title insurance costs. Increased confusion in title insurance price disclosures would only serve to exacerbate the problems in the market with transparency and fairness. 
The method required by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for disclosing title insurance premiums reduces consumer confusion and enhances consistency between the estimated and final loan cost disclosures. The bill would change the final loan disclosure, decreasing consistency with the initial disclosure. As a result, it would increase consumer confusion, especially where the consumer opts not to purchase both lender and owner policies (only the lender policy is required) after getting the early disclosure containing both. The bill’s requirement to disclose the ‘‘actual’’ cost of the insurance will lead to confusion in almost half of the states because the calculation of premiums is not standardized under state law and title companies within those states do not provide comparable rates. In contrast, the CFPB regulations take into account that comparison shopping in such states is not possible and provides a standardized approach. Further refinement of the title insurance disclosures can be addressed by the CFPB itself in cooperation with stakeholders to ensure any outstanding issues are addressed with the input of all affected parties. We urge you not to undermine the CFPB’s careful rules for restoring transparency and market competition to the title insurance market. Please vote no on H.R. 3978. Sincerely, AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL  REFORM . CENTER FOR RESPONSIBLE  LENDING . NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  CONSUMER ADVOCATES . NATIONAL CONSUMER LAW CENTER (ON BEHALF OF  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 4, strike ‘‘source code, including’’. Page 3, line 6, insert ‘‘algorithmic trading’’ before ‘‘source code’’. Page 3, line 15, strike ‘‘source code, including’’. Page 3, line 17, insert ‘‘algorithmic trading’’ before ‘‘source code’’. Page 3, line 25, strike ‘‘source code, including’’. Page 4, line 2, insert ‘‘algorithmic trading’’ before ‘‘source code’’. Page 4, line 11, strike ‘‘source code, including’’. Page 4, line 13, insert ‘‘algorithmic trading’’ before ‘‘source code’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, my amendment clarifies that this bill is only intended to apply to the source code underpinning algorithmic trading rather than any computer code that exists anywhere in the enterprise. The algorithmic source code at a trading firm are its crown jewels. It is basically the core of its existence in its intellectual property. It is not merely historical or descriptive like books or records that regulators routinely have access to. Likewise, it is not a broad expression of strategies that a firm might use some time in the future. Rather, it is a specific and prescriptive algorithm that generates a specific outcome based on a specific set of inputs. The firms that rely on algorithmic trading have Ph.D. scientists, mathematicians, and economists researching correlations that lead to these relationships between the inputs and outputs. These may be simple but may also be incredibly complex, involving multiple inputs that do not appear related at first glance. This complexity, coupled with the fact that they are written largely in computer code, limits the usefulness of 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CAPUANO. I am, in its current form. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order on the motion is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. CAPUANO (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the motion be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? Mr. HENSARLING. I object. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objection is heard. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, my amendment simply requires a company to have a policy in place to claw back executives’ incentivebased pay if it is materially noncompliant with financial reporting requirements. Now, those words matter because the words ‘‘materially noncompliant’’ mean something in the accounting world. It has to be a big change, not just some minor, little accounting error. This amendment really should be noncontroversial. It is outrageous, not to mention shortsighted, that almost a decade after the crisis that wrecked the economy we still don’t have commonsense safeguards in place to ensure that CEOs do not turn a blind eye to problems that lead to a public restatement of their company’s financials. This is not something hypothetical. It happens on a pretty regular basis. It is not relegated to just the past. Everybody here is pretty familiar with Wells Fargo Bank. It has generated scandal after scandal by ripping off its own 
consumers. Last year, the bank settled an 11year lawsuit with the Department of Justice because it overcharged veterans who applied for home loan refinancing. At the same time, we learned of hundreds of thousands of car loan customers charged for car insurance that they never agreed to purchase. In 2016, we learned of millions of fake deposits and credit card statements opened up by Wells Fargo and then charging their customers. Last September, the bank failed to refund insurance payments made by customers who paid off their car loans early. And most recently, we found out that they delayed mortgage closing dates in order to jack up their own fees. These abuses come on top of $10 billion in fines by that bank that has been paid in recent years for everything from mortgage fraud, illegal marketing, kickback schemes, insider trading, racial discrimination, and student loan scams. Yet the bank believes that this kind of consistent misconduct is not materially financially important enough to require a restatement. Wells Fargo has only ever clawed back a few tiny dollars from its executives. All this recommit does is simply says that if you commit an act that requires a material change in your public statements, you shouldn’t profit by it. That is all. Not basic pay; just the incentive pay tied to those actions. The underlying bill goes in the opposite direction. It makes it more likely that there will be material inaccuracies in certain public companies’ financial statements. If this is what Congress is going to do, we should, at the very least, not incentivize that bad behavior. Title III of this bill allows new public companies to get out of independent audit requirements for 10 years—ten years. Now, we all think, well, that is fine for a small company. Small company? Up to $700 million of company shares? That is a small company? Those are significant companies that put lots of people at risk, shareholders and investors. In 2002, the SarbanesOxley Act—I want to repeat, the SarbanesOxley Act because Mike Oxley was the Republican chair of the Financial Services Committee at the time—requires companies to issue stock to publicly report their internal control structures and procedures for financial reporting. Those reports have to be attested to and covered in an audit report. There is a reason why an independent audit of large corporations is a good thing: it makes it harder for them to hide bad actions. This recommit, again, it is simple. It doesn’t change the underlying bill. It simply says: If a corporation makes a material change to its publicly stated financial records and an executive’s incentive pay has been tied to the profits made off of that nowchanged policy, the company has to have a policy in place whereby to claw back those illgotten profits. I don’t think that is controversial. I don’t think that is partisan. I don’t think that is antibusiness. I don’t think that is overregulation. It is simply fair. We don’t let bank robbers keep their money. We don’t let other people who commit wrongdoings keep the profits that they have. Why should we let corporations who go out of their way— some, not all, only a handful go out of their way—to make sure that they hide their bad actions, report them badly? And when they get caught and have to report them appropriately, they still get to keep the illgotten gains. That is all this recommit does. It is simple. It is straightforward. And I would hope that my friends on not just the other side but on both sides of this aisle see this as a thoughtful, insightful, and commonsense approach to amend this bill. Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield back the remainder of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I listened very carefully to my colleague on the Financial Services Committee. I lost track of how many times he mentioned Wells Fargo. That has nothing to do with an early growth company. That has nothing to do with this title of the bill. So the Fostering Innovation Act by the gentlewoman from Arizona is all about allowing emerginggrowth companies the opportunity to actually grow. What a novel concept. What we know is, Mr. Speaker, in 8 years of Obamanomics, they were only able to produce about 1.8 percent economic growth, for all intents and purposes. Nobody’s savings account came back. Wages were stagnant. And now that we have sensible regulation, now that we have passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, now we have 3 percent economic growth, which is economic growth for America’s working families. Unemployment is at a 17year low. It remains at a 17year low. Again, wages grew at 2.9 percent last year, the fastest in almost a decade. Two million Americans have gone back to work, Mr. Speaker, and this is not by accident. So what the gentleman is doing with his motion to recommit is sending us back. He is rolling the clock back to an era where working Americans didn’t get ahead, where entrepreneurship was at a generational low, where small businesses were finding it hard to access lines of credit. So the bill that he so much maligns from the gentlewoman from Arizona, who happens to reside on his side of the aisle—at markup, the ranking member of the relevant subcommittee, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. MALONEY ), supported the provision and said: This is a sensible compromise that provides a narrowly targeted relief to only the companies that truly need it. Researching a new drug and getting FDA approval is a very, very long process, which is exactly what we heard in our committee. For example, we have heard from John Blake, senior vice president of finance at Atyr Pharma, who testified before the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments. He said: It remains the case that the biotech development time line is a decadeslong affair. It is extremely likely that Atyr will still be in the lab, in the clinic, when our EGC clock expires, our early growth company. In other words, they may have revenues, but they don’t have profits. They don’t have profits. This is something that is especially common in the biotech area. They need this capital for innovation. So once again, we have heard this rhetoric on the other side of the aisle before. This is all about DoddFrank revisited. They aim at Wall Street, but they are hitting Main Street, Mr. Speaker. The MTR, the motion to recommit, hits Main Street in the gut. It will mean fewer early growth companies. It will mean fewer jobs. It will mean lower wage growth. And it will mean, again, a decimated and declining American Dream. b1630 Mr. Speaker, we should reject the motion to recommit, and we should support the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Passage of H.R. 3299. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 189, nays 228, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Costa Cummings Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Tenney Watson Coleman 
b1656 Messrs. BOST, MESSER, DAVIDSON, BISHOP of Michigan, SMITH of Texas, MCHENRY, STEWART, BARR, HUNTER, LAMALFA, and ROKITA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. COOPER, DOGGETT, and GRIJALVA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 271, nays 145, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—145 
Adams Barraga´n Beatty Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Lu´jan, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano SheaPorter Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Costa Cummings Duncan (SC) Grothman Gutie´rrez LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Scalise Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1704 Mr. POLIS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 245, nays 171, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Grijalva Hanabusa Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Costa Cummings Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Johnson (GA) LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Scalise Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1712 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 77 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 78. 
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House Chamber for rollcall votes 72 through 78 on Wednesday, February 14, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 74, 75, and 76, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall votes 72, 73, 77, and 78. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BUDD). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE ADDED AS A COSPONSOR OF H.R. 676 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be added as cosponsor to the bill, H.R. 676. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. 
b1715 RECOGNIZING SHERIFF JIM OLSON (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of 
Carver County Sheriff Jim Olson, who recently announced his retirement. Sheriff Olson began his career with the Carter County Sheriff’s Office 31 years ago. He was elected to his first 4 year term in 2010 and was reelected in 2013. Olson led law enforcement operations during a time when Carver County surpassed a population of 100,000 people, making it one of the fastest growing counties in Minnesota. He oversaw major public safety operations during the aftermath of Prince’s death as well as the Ryder Cup in 2016. He is well respected in our community and is involved in community outreach, raising public awareness of mental health resources, educating the public about the role of the sheriff’s office, and supporting the Hope House, a youth homeless shelter in Chanhassen. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff Olson for his many years of service and dedication to keeping the residents of Carver County safe. We wish him the best of luck in the future. He will be missed. 
RECOGNIZING HEALTH AND WELLNESS COACHES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor America’s health and wellness coaches. Health and wellness coaches help people change their unhealthy lifestyles and manage chronic illnesses. Mr. Speaker, I am a diabetic. I also suffer from macular degeneration and heart disease. I know firsthand how difficult it is for people to change their behaviors and make healthier life choices, but I also know that changing behavior can improve overall health and reduce the amount of costly medical care people need. The American Medical Association recently found that having a health and wellness coach involved in a person’s wellness journey not only increases patient satisfaction and engagement, but also reduces physician stress and burnout by freeing up their time. Last week, I introduced H. Res. 733 to express support for health and wellness coaches and to designate this week as National Health and Wellness Coach Recognition Weak. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating our Nation’s health and wellness coaches. 
RECOGNIZING DAVID LONG (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a tremendous Hoosier public servant, leader of the Indiana State Senate, David Long, who recently announced his retirement from office. David has served in the Indiana Senate for 22 years and as president pro tempore for the last 12. He is a remarkable leader who has been central to every major policy achievement in Indiana at a State level over the past decade. He led the charge on cutting taxes, passing right to work, enacting Major Moves, creating one of the biggest and best school choice programs, and permanently capping property taxes. On a personal note, David Long is my mentor. We are both graduates of Wabash College, and we both overachieved in marriage. I will always be grateful for his friendship, advice, and counsel. I thank David for his years of service. f 
DEFENDING THE FBI (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, our law enforcement and intelligence community—most pointedly, the Federal Bureau of Investigation—is sustaining an unprecedented, coordinated attack. Like a cancer, the strikes are coming from deep in the marrow of our democratic Republic. Our own President and even some Members of Congress block the light of justice. In his State of the Union Address, President Trump bragged about the apprehension of violent criminals and gang members. The hypocrisy of this President taking credit for the dangerous work of our FBI and larger intelligence community while systematically and doggedly working to undermine public faith in these institutions is an outrage. Under Special Counsel Mueller’s direction in 2012, the FBI made 25,000 arrests and 14,800 indictments. They located 1,100 missing children and seized $1.125 billion worth of criminal assets and drugs. The historic role of the FBI in bringing major criminals and foreign and domestic enemies of our state to justice cannot be overstated. The FBI has defended us in ways and measures well beyond general public awareness. If not out of patriotism and commitment to our democracy and its institution, then out of sheer necessity, Congress and the American people must defend the rule of law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
FAIRNESS FOR HIGHSKILLED IMMIGRANTS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the Senate debates DACA and border security to urge my colleagues in both Houses of Congress to include highskilled immigration reform in the final legislative package. Our immigration system is broken in many places. While we search for solutions to promote fairness, compassion, and the rule of law, I want to highlight a group of immigrants who have been following our laws, contributing to our country, and yet are being left out in the cold by our broken system. Right now, the percountry caps on green cards for highly skilled H–1B immigrants unfairly discriminate against immigrants from a few countries, especially India. The caps have created a huge backlog of Indian applicants who will have to wait decades—as much as 70 years—to achieve their dream of American citizenship. The percountry caps must be replaced by a meritbased system that treats everyone fairly, regardless of their country of origin. My bill, the Fairness for HighSkilled Immigration Act, would do just that. I urge my colleagues not to let our compassion end with DACA recipients. Let’s also use this opportunity to promote fairness for highskilled immigrants as well. f 
DOMESTIC ABUSE IS WRONG (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as we address Women’s History Month in the month of March, I raise the attention of my colleagues to a set of circumstances that we have seen relating to the administration and its personnel policies, but the real issue is the affirmation of opposition to domestic violence and abuse. Thousands of women and some men lose their lives to domestic abuse and domestic violence. Thousands live in silence and absolute fear. Children see their mothers and fathers killed. To have insensitivity to the importance of anyone who has engaged in domestic violence and domestic abuse be ignored sends a wrong signal to the girls and young women in this country. We must join together in a bipartisan manner to ensure that the Violence Against Women Act is reauthorized in March, and we must pronounce that domestic violence and domestic abuse is wrong for men, women, and families. It is something that should be condemned and not condoned. No matter how important a position you may hold, it is important for America’s leadership to denounce this kind of vicious attack on families. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to bipartisanship on this issue. 
RECOGNIZING OLYMPIAN ERIN HAMLIN (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a worldclass athlete and Olympian from the 22nd Congressional District, Erin Hamlin. Fourtime Olympian and twotime world champion luger, Erin Hamlin carried the Team USA flag during the 2018 Winter Olympic opening ceremony in Pyeongchang, South Korea, last Friday. Following a vote from her fellow athletes, Erin was selected from eight other athletes to enter her last Olympic Games as the flagbearer. Erin made history in 2014 as the first U.S. athlete to win a singles luge medal after taking home the Olympic Bronze Medal at the Sochi Games. She made history again as the fourth luger to serve as the United States flagbearer and the first since 2010. During Friday’s Parade of Nations, Erin led 244 athletes, the largest team ever from the United States. Yesterday, she competed in the last race of her outstanding career. Erin will be remembered as someone who shattered barriers for both men and women in the sport of luge. Please join me in congratulating Oneida County’s and Remsen, New York’s own rock star, Erin Hamlin, on these incredible achievements. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHICAGO POLICE COMMANDER PAUL BAUER (Mr. LIPINSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of Chicago Police Commander Paul Bauer, who was shot and killed in the line of duty yesterday. This is a terrible tragedy for the Chicago Police Department, our city, and, most of all, Paul’s wife and young daughter. Paul Bauer graduated 2 years ahead of me at Saint Ignatius and joined the police department soon after, when he was just 21 years old. He rose through the ranks over 32 years to lead the mounted horse unit and, later, became commander of the Near North District. A member of Nativity Parish in Bridgeport, Paul is being remembered as a loving father and husband, someone who knew the value of community policing and giving back, and for leading efforts to raise funds for the Chicago Police Memorial Fund. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in mourning the passing of Commander Paul Bauer. Please pray for him, his family, and for our city. Please remember to take a moment to thank the police and other first responders that you encounter every day. We owe them so much. 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUS LIBERTY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Health and Human Services’ new Conscience and Religious Freedom Division within the Office of Civil Rights. Recently, they announced a proposed rule to protect workers in HHSfunded programs from being coerced into practicing activities that violate their conscience, including abortion, sterilization, assisted suicide, and more. Under the previous administration, doctors and nurses were not protected from being forced to participate in procedures that may violate their religious beliefs or moral convictions. This is clearly wrong. Those who are discriminated against for their religious beliefs should be afforded the same protections as those facing any other types of discrimination. OCR has now opened a 60day public comment period on the rule. I encourage everyone across the country to participate in that comment period. I thank the Division once again for taking this important action to protect religious liberty in our healthcare system. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AUSTIN DAVIS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Austin Davis, who visited Las Vegas to attend the Route 91 concert on October 1. Austin was an only child who was very close to his parents. He lived in Riverside, California, and worked as a pipefitter. During his free time, Austin loved to play softball. All of those who knew him remember Austin for his contagious smile and hardworking nature. I extend my condolences to Austin Davis’ family and his friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
b1730 HONORING SAM JOHNSON (Mr. BURGESS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our colleague and my fellow Texan, SAMJOHNSON . This week marks 45 years since he returned to freedom after enduring nearly 7 years as a prisoner of war in Hanoi, Vietnam. Each February, we are reminded of the heroism, perseverance, and leadership that SAMJOHNSON displayed during his time as a prisoner of war. We are also reminded of the persistence of SAM’s family and their joy and the joy of our north Texas community and the American people when SAMreturned home to Texas in 1973. SAMJOHNSON has served our country selflessly—first through his distinguished Air Force career, and then here in the House of Representatives. Since he was elected to the House in 1991, he has been an advocate for our Armed Forces, our veterans, and American freedom. Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago, I gave my first floor speech, marking 30 years since Mr. JOHNSON returned home. Today it is a distinct privilege to honor my friend and mentor on his 45th ‘‘returniversary.’’ SAMJOHNSON , welcome home. 
HONORING WORLD WAR II VETERAN WILLIAM JOHN TOMKA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor World War II veteran William John Tomka, with whom I had the recent pleasure of joining to celebrate his 100th birthday on January 27, 2018. Born in Dover, New Jersey, to immigrant parents, William spent his formative years in New Jersey developing a love of music. This resulted in him becoming a music teacher until he was drafted into the United States Army on July 11, 1941. He left a successful job teaching in New Jersey to defend our great Nation. After completing his radio operations training at Fort Dix and Fort Bragg, he was deployed to Iceland as part of the 50th Signal Battalion in which he served as a technical sergeant leading a group of eight men who were also trained radio operators. His team was responsible for code, receiving and transmitting from the field, as well as in command vehicles. This group was part of the first American Army personnel to be sent in the European Theater of Operations. After 22 months in Iceland, he was sent to England to be a part of the invasion force of France on Dday. He was dropped onto Utah Beach on June 6, 1944, and bravely fought through the entire campaign of Europe, including the American bombardment of the German forces at SaintLo. He and his fellow soldiers later proceeded to serve at the Battle of the Bulge. When recounting his most memorable times in the Army, Mr. Tomka will tell you about his time in Europe after Dday. He told me about his time in France, where he witnessed American fighter pilots bomb the German forces, and of his time served in joint force with the Russians at the river of Elbe. Mr. Tomka was discharged after 3
1⁄2 years of foreign duty on June 22, 1945. After his years of service, Mr. Tomka went back to his passion of teaching music. He started an instrumental music program in the Ridgefield school system of New Jersey. During his years of music education, Mr. Tomka obtained his master’s degree from NYU in supervision and administration. 
While he was at NYU, he also played violin in the orchestra. Even at 100 years old, his talents are still impressive. At his recent birthday celebration, Mr. Tomka expertly played the clarinet, violin, piano, and sang for all of his family and friends. I salute Mr. William John Tomka on his years of faithful service to our country and to the public school system. He exemplified qualities of a true American hero. I, on behalf of a grateful nation, admire his service and sacrifice. 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the hardworking men and women of the David A. Stein Jewish Community Alliance on the celebration of their 30th anniversary of enriching the lives of those with a variety of needs. The JCA is a pillar in our Jacksonville community. The Jewish Community Alliance is a nonprofit community center affiliated with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, the United Way of Northeast Florida, and the Jewish Community Centers of North America. Its focus is to enhance the quality of life for families and individuals of all ages, religions, races, financial means, and physical and mental abilities. To this end, the JCA has impacted tens of thousands of citizens in our community. Situated on the Ed Parker Jewish Community Campus, the JCA welcomes preschoolaged children to get a good start in life and embraces teens and adults to join classes on health, heritage, and a variety of subjects. The JCA is a spirit of intergenerational sharing of values and ideas. The afterschool and schoolclosed day programs give peace of mind to working parents, both married and single. Seniors and adults with special needs are offered opportunities to reach their potential with dignity and tradition. The JCA facility offers swimming, theater, and camp programs, fitness and exercise classes, sports teams, art, and academic classes to all members and welcomes all for membership. The JCA offers an array of creative and innovative classes, programs, and events to inspire and benefit its participants. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members of the House to join me in acknowledging the 30th anniversary of the Jewish Community Alliance and its commitment to our community. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ECONOMIC REGENERATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) is recognized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, you may remember this around the holidays. It was a television commercial that played quite frequently. It may still be on. But it shows a shelter for the poor and homeless around Christmastime, and men and women are entering from the cold wintry streets, and they are gathering under bright lights and sharing good cheer, and they are clearly benefitting from the holiday outpouring of charity and compassion and fellowship. But then the commercial shifts and the environment changes. It is a dreary downtrodden affair at this point. The new year has begun and the shelter is left darker and less full than its former ambient light, and laughter has dimmed into somber tones. All the while, a man is sitting at the piano in this emptying place singing, ‘‘Don’t You Forget About Me.’’ The scene concludes with the adage: ‘‘The season of giving ends, but the need remains.’’ Mr. Speaker, as our economy begins to recharge, giving more and more hope with more and more Americans gaining jobs, it is important, though, to continue to reflect on this still early stage of the new year. After some important budget battles here and a major tax reform piece of legislation, it is important to reflect on the proper balance between responsibility and charity, as well as those who continue to be left behind or forgotten. Americans are the most generous people in the world, and they also deeply value responsibility, and they know that a fulfilled life requires rewarding work. Unfortunately, unemployment and underemployment continue to hinder a faster economic recovery, causing much anxiety for persons and their families. According to a new survey from CareerBuilder, nearly eight out of ten Americans say they are living paycheck to paycheck, and our improving economic indices should not obscure this difficult reality. So to better help persons support themselves and one another in the full dignity of work, our next phase of economic regeneration must be an attempt to find the proper balance between rightsized government, responsibility to one another, and reasonable expectations that everyone can contribute something according to their means and their capacity. Everyone has something to give. As this recognition and economic regeneration kindles a new policy discussion, several guideposts should be kept in mind, such as ensuring enhanced opportunity and the erasure of what I call entrepreneurial impediments, along with efforts to address and mend a deep societal sense of brokenness. When persons are unemployed or underemployed, they can enter a downward spiral in their lives. Mr. Speaker, as we well know, Washington alone cannot create a humane economy that works for the many. Americans living together in community form the cornerstone of a vibrant market. A fuller answer to unemployment, underemployment, and this widespread lack of financial assets, along with the resulting loss of social capital, might be found in the idea that government and society should join in a movement for national solidarity, seeing work as a common endeavor for us all. After all, economics, in its essence, is not just a transaction; it is profoundly relational. A rightful discussion about the profound meaning of work also requires the right words. The overreliance in this body, particularly, on depersonalizing economic language, I think, is one reason that Washington can seem so disconnected and aloof from real communities and real people. At the end of the month, if a person can’t pay their gas or a grocery bill, they are unlikely to care about GDP growth or arguments for the efficiency of globalized trade. In a similar way, recent news cycles are tracking the skyrocketing stock market valuations with some ups and downs of late. And this is all exceeding most expectations, particularly from the beginning of the year, but glowing green numbers and signals provide little reassurance to millions of Americans who are priced out of owning stock. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, a lack of work, as well as a lack of assurance in the security of government guardrails and earned benefits, can take a lifediminishing toll. Mr. Speaker, I have many seniors who write to me and suggest to us in pretty clear terms that they aren’t entitled to their own money. We throw the language around of entitlements, referring to programs where people set aside money into government savings programs or were given guarantee of healthcare. That is not an entitlement. That is something people worked for. Many persons with difficult jobs deserving of both dignity and earned benefits sometimes are those who are forgotten. I approached my door recently, Mr. Speaker, here in D.C. at my office, and there was a large crowd of men who had gathered, and they were all in camouflaged Tshirts waiting outside. b1745 All of us here experience a number of visitors from our home States. Sometimes, in my office, people have to stack up outside in the hallway, as we are trying to accommodate people. But as I got closer, I noticed that the front of these Tshirts that these men had on read, ‘‘United Mine Workers.’’ I thought, that is unusual to see Nebraskans wearing United Mine Workers T shirts. But it turns out they were actually waiting for my neighbor, who is from the State of Kentucky. Nevertheless, I greeted these men, and we began a meaningful conversation about work and security and fairness. These men had spent their lives in hard jobs. I am sure they toiled, very proudly, to make a reasonable living for their families, but they all now showed real signs of physical fatigue. They were in Washington making a 
plea for their pensions, which are facing dramatic reductions. A similar situation does exist in Nebraska for another group of workers. These people worked for a guarantee: that they would be provided for—when they could work no more. But, given a confluence of factors, their pensions face a dramatic shortfall, and, frankly, it is not fair. I lived for several years as a younger man in the area where these gentlemen had come from, in a town that had lost half of its population in 20 years, in what is called the old industrial Rust Belt, where the postWorld War II economic boom built a thriving, stable community, but now where globalized supplyside theory has had its most dramatic degenerating economic effect. I said to one of these men, ‘‘You know, I know where you come from,’’ and one of the men and I hugged. Mr. Speaker, our country is in pain. Epic hurricanes and floods; escalating urban violence; an opioid epidemic among those selfmedicating their own mental, physical, and financial anguish; combine this with a broken healthcare construct, and the lingering aftereffects of a bitterly fought last electoral season have torn America’s heart. In a vibrantly healthy society, though, there should be space for what I call marketplace fluidity and creativity and innovation. A person who has an idea and the drive should be able to pursue it. The benefits accrue, of course, to this person as the inventor, but also the buyer of those services, the community, and those who gave the effort in the building of this product or service. So a healthy economy is two things at once: it is individualistic and it is communityoriented at the same time. Innovation and competition can be disruptive, but they must be set within a fair set of rules. When a system stacks to the wealthiest, or is outsourced by faceless corporations in the name of advancing quarterly profits, exploiting the poor elsewhere and damaging the environment elsewhere, where there is a lax legal foundation and, therefore, an indirect subsidy to the means of production, and the externality costs are borne by persons elsewhere in the forms of shorter lives and the effects of pollution, it sets in motion not only difficulties in other places, but here—a loss of jobs, lost community cohesion, and a breakdown of life’s stability. Tie this to the loss of the formative institutions of family life, faith life, and civic life, and we drift. We drift without a national narrative. It makes it much more difficult to respond holistically in the midst of tragedy to our greater challenges and problems. For a moment, I want to speak about a person who participated in one of my telephone townhalls. She told me she is an architect, her husband is an architect, and they were very interested in starting an architectural firm on their own, but they can’t. Why can’t they? They have the education, they have the drive, they want to be innovative and disruptive, they want to do creative work with their own two hands and take the risk necessary to provide something new and novel in the marketplace. They have a sick child. So by the time they go onto the individual insurance market and try to obtain insurance for themselves, knowing that they are going to have to pay the full deductibles and copays, that bill—and this was a little while back, I suspect it is higher now—the bill was going to be close to $30,000. So before they even open their door, they have an upfront cost of $30,000, just for a little bit of personal protection. So what happens? They stay put. They are tethered to institutions that may not be as gratifying to them. Society loses from their inability to take that risk and provide that product out in the market, because they are tethered, they are handcuffed, to a benefit called healthcare that a large institution can provide, but the small entrepreneur can’t. This makes no sense. We have some specific ideas on this, and we are working to grow a bipartisan working group to make proper changes potentially in that individual insurance market, whereby people can pool together more easily, where there is a better type of major medical product out there that would be a lot less expensive, and, perhaps, using an idea that was embedded in the healthcare debate earlier this year, where the government provides a stabilizing reinsurance model so that the market can actually work within a certain bandwidth where the sickest person pays the same rate, but is protected from excess expense by a more direct government subsidy. This makes sense. Think about the entrepreneurial potential that then would be released, creating opportunity, more jobs, better products. We are constraining ourselves for no reason here. I hope that this chapter can unfold in the coming weeks, as some people of goodwill are trying to work through this, and there is significant interest, I feel, on both sides of the aisle. You just have to break through it. Mr. Speaker, we are also, from my perspective, living in a paradoxical age where we are more and more dependent upon big business for information flow and consumer goods, and, at the same time, we are more and more skeptical of this model. I was trained in an era where economic language was cast in terms of efficiency and optimization, economies of scale, production capacity, inputs, the free flow of capital and labor, and on and on, all the vocabulary of economic academic theory. These are analytical and mechanical terms necessary for understanding market function, but they lack a connection to any deeper purpose. Ultimately, a properly functioning market is a connector of community, a delivery mechanism for material well being, and an opportunity enhancer for individual initiative and rewarding work. These classical economic expressions lack a deeper understanding of the ultimate purpose of production. I once asked a professor when I was young: Who does a normative analysis? Who asked the question, ‘‘What ought to be?’’ What institution is doing that? He said: No one. Mr. Speaker, you are a fairly young man. You know this as well. We are long past the age when working one’s entire career in the same large corporation guaranteed security and well being is finished. The current corporate construct is desperately driven and hopelessly fragmented by quarterly profit mandates. Shortterm decisions overrule long term strategy. While this is occasionally brought to heel by scandal and malfeasance, most multinationals are no longer tethered to a face or a place, so they pitch us on TV and print with caring images, and kindly deem us worthy to help with their chosen causes, and then major cities with major airports become the hub, and the rest of us have to just buy it. Now, lest I sound too critical, large businesses certainly retain a necessary space in producing certain types of goods and largescale industrial products, and can provide exciting opportunity. That is all true and necessary. But I also think we are on the front end of something, Mr. Speaker. There is a hunger for the next economic trend to reorient around the revitalization of Main Street, including local foods, sustainable energy production, smarter services, and smaller scale manufacturing, recreating that long lost sense of place in our communities. Imagine a new urbanism of an economic ecosystem with friendly neighborhoods, nearby centers of smaller scale, microbusinesses, contextually appropriate architecture, and a burgeoning supply of easily accessible public space. We see this trend developing, and, frankly, it is very exciting. Now, we had a bill recently in which we took an important vote here on tax reform, and I believe this is going to help. I believe that tax reform legislation will help rebalance a number of business inequities, particularly for small business where most jobs come from. It is estimated that the average Nebraska family of four will receive more than a $2,000 extra benefit in their pocket from the immediate impact of the tax bill and the relief that they will get. And then over time, due to increased wages, that will translate into about a $4,000 benefit. I think this is important because Americans need a break, especially working men and women trying to get a bit ahead and trying to provide for their family well. But for many, it is also harder and harder. As we said, 
many Americans are living paycheck to paycheck. That is not fully a Tax Code problem. It is the harsh reality of social fragmentation, downward mobility, the rising cost of living, and skyrocketing income disparity driven by inequitable globalization and concentrations of economic power. These forces have not fundamentally benefited us fully, and they have left millions of people behind. I think this tax reform measure is important because it particularly rebalances the perverse incentive to offshore. In addition to putting more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans, it does support the revitalization of Main Street and the return of the ‘‘Made in America’’ label. This legislation also provided a reasoned progress in an attempt to make the Tax Code simpler and fairer and to resolve this convoluted set of problems that overburdened people, families, and small businesses across the Nation. I think this is important because we are living in an age where we can’t keep pushing the same policies over and over and expect them to fit into a 21st century architecture of wellbeing and successful living. Moving forward, I believe the source and the strength of the American economy will be in this new urbanism of small business in which entrepreneurs from village to city add value through smallscale manufacturing, innovative new products, or brokering in repair services. Now, we do anticipate a spike in the initial deficit from the tax bill, but we are already seeing a surge of revitalization and possibility of economic opportunity. Given this reorientation of the tax policy around the family, hopefully, with the entrepreneurial momentum, we will generate more jobs, earnings, and reverse this downward trend in small business formation. Less tax, more taxpayers, more revenue over time, that is the calculation. b1800 As more opportunity appears, more persons should also be able to transition from important support mechanisms and systems into meaningful work. Now, this tax reform attempts to be sensitive to the needs of all Americans as it begins to push for a modernized revenue construct that no longer enables the complex, lawyeredup, quarterlydriven multinationals to unjustly benefit from low taxes abroad while taking advantage of tax loopholes here. It rebalances the perverse incentives to offshore. At the same time, it uses the carrot of lower corporate rates to bring foreign profits back to America, and we are already seeing the effect. So, on balance, this was a massive, historic, and necessary overhaul of our antiquated, harsh, and complicated tax system so that families cannot only get by, but maybe they can start getting ahead. And if we can combine this with a small business ecosystem of revived entrepreneurial momentum—and a part of that is the next set of policies, hopefully, that will be empowering with a new type of healthcare product that is stable for persons who do want to enter into the formation of their own small business now but are not empowered to do so—this will only strengthen this entrepreneurial revitalization. There is no way to calculate the held, pentup benefit of unleashing this potential. Again, because we have tethered people to a benefit package based upon institutions that are able to afford it, we have drained ourselves, made ourselves weary from being able to unleash the fullness of the potential to create things with your own hands or your own intellect that are good for you, good for your family, and good for others. That is what we mean by a new small business ecosystem that has revived entrepreneurial momentum. Mr. Speaker, in the Middle East, the Jordan River flows into both the Sea of Galilee and the Dead Sea. There is a difference between the two bodies of seas. One of them is devoid of life. Water flows in but nothing flows out. It is dead. Abundant life requires both giving and receiving, both charity and responsibility. An economy that is founded upon these strengths which we have discussed tonight, supported by a rightsized government and a dedicated, hardworking people, can only keep growing stronger. Then, maybe— maybe—we can say, don’t you forget about me and that we will never forget about you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent for all Members to have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this is February 14, Valentine’s Day, and this is but one day, of course, in the month of February, which is Black History Month. I am honored to stand here tonight to present a resolution that will be filed, a Black History resolution. But I am also honored to say that a good many of my colleagues are in support of Black History Month, and they deserve to have their words, their expressions made known, which is why I have asked for this unanimous consent. My belief is that we will have many, many persons who are not here tonight, for legitimate reasons, who will want to make sure that they are made a part of the RECORD by and through their comments that they will submit in written word. Mr. Speaker, I am here to talk about Black History because for many years, too many years, to be quite honest, the history of Africans in the Americas, the history of Black people in America, the history of African Americans, at one time known as Negroes, this history was deleted from the history books. It was said in one book that, because little contributions were made to world history, there would be little mention of Africans in history. But, Mr. Speaker, we know now that this is not true, and because we know that it is not true, we seek to at least give some indication in the RECORD  that African Americans have made a significant contribution in America. But also, the truth is that Africans have made a contribution to world history. However, tonight, this resolution will focus on and it will recognize and celebrate Black History Month; and, in so doing, we would like to present the resolution that will be filed at a later time. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Whereas the theme for Black History Month 2018 is ‘African Americans in Times of War’’’—something that we have not focused on to the extent that we should have, because African Americans have made significant contributions to our country during times of war—this theme ‘‘which commemorates the centennial of the end of the First World War in 1918, and explores the complex meanings and implications of this international struggle and its aftermath; ‘‘Whereas this resolution will focus primarily on African Americans in the military, which is but one historically important aspect of this farreaching exploration of AfricanAmerican history; ‘‘Whereas African Americans have fought for the United States throughout its history; ‘‘Whereas despite racial segregation and discrimination, African Americans have played a significant role during times of war from the colonial period forward’’—Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to note, as an aside now, that it was not until 1948, by Presidential executive order, that President Truman desegregated the military. Continuing: ‘‘Whereas Crispus Attucks was a fugitive slave working outside of Boston, Massachusetts, as a sailor, and during his time off, he worked as a rope maker near the wharf; ‘‘Whereas in early 1770, competition for work and wages became stiff as British soldiers were contending for the same unskilled positions as the locals’’—that would be Crispus Attucks and other locals; 
‘‘Whereas this situation created tension which slowly escalated to violent confrontations; ‘‘Whereas on March 5, 1770, Attucks led a group of rope makers and sailors into a confrontation with a group of British soldiers and subsequently was shot and killed; ‘‘Whereas Crispus Attucks, a Black man, is generally considered to be the first casualty of the Revolutionary War and is remembered as the first of many notable AfricanAmerican heroes; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross was born into slavery in Maryland and escaped to freedom in the North in 1849 to become the most famous conductor on the Underground Railroad; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross was a leading abolitionist before the American Civil War and also helped the Union Army during war, working as a spy, among other roles; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross, a Black woman, guided the Combahee River Raid, which liberated more than 700 slaves in South Carolina; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross, better known as Harriet Tubman, was the first woman to lead an armed expedition during the Civil War; ‘‘Whereas Powhatan Beaty was born a slave in Richmond, Virginia, in 1837; ‘‘Whereas when the Civil War broke out, Beaty enlisted in the Union Army; ‘‘Whereas Powhatan Beaty, a Black man, was quickly promoted to sergeant and oversaw 47 other Black recruits in noncombat jobs; ‘‘Whereas in September of 1864, Beaty’s division attacked the enemy at Chaffin’s farm, near Richmond, Virginia; ‘‘Whereas with all of the other unit’s officers and most of its enlisted men dead or wounded, Beaty took over and led a second charge, driving the enemy back; ‘‘Whereas for his heroism, Powhatan Beaty, a Black man, was awarded the Medal of Honor . . . ;’’ ‘‘Whereas Benjamin Oliver Davis, Sr., entered the military service on July 13, 1898, during the SpanishAmerican War and, as a temporary first lieutenant of the 8th United States Volunteer Infantry; ‘‘Whereas on June 18, 1899, he enlisted as a private in the 9th Cavalry of the Regular Army; ‘‘Whereas Davis eventually came under the command of Charles Young, whom, at the time, was the only AfricanAmerican officer serving in the U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas Young took Davis under his tutelage and helped him to prepare to take his officer candidate test; ‘‘Whereas in only 2 years, he rose to sergeant major and earned a commission as a second lieutenant in 1901; ‘‘Whereas Benjamin Oliver Davis, a Black man, rose through the ranks and became the first African American to achieve the rank of brigadier general in the U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas, during World War I, approximately 800‘‘—no one is sure of the number—‘‘approximately 800 African Americans were killed in action; ‘‘Whereas Doris Miller enlisted in the U.S. Navy as a mess attendant’’— meaning he was a person who served those others with food and took care of the cleaning of facilities—‘‘where he served on the USS West Virginia when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941; ‘‘Whereas Miller was assigned to carry the wounded sailors to safer quarters; ‘‘Whereas he returned to the deck and picked up a 50caliber Browning antiaircraft machine gun that he had never been trained to shoot and managed to shoot down enemy aircraft; ‘‘Whereas, Doris Miller, a Black man, was commended by the Secretary of the Navy and became the first African American to be presented the Navy Cross; ‘‘Whereas before 1940, African Americans were barred from flying for the U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas civil rights organizations and Black press exerted pressure on President Roosevelt, which resulted in the formation of the Tuskegee Airmen based in Tuskegee, Alabama, in 1941; ‘‘Whereas the Tuskegee Airmen included pilots, navigators, bombardiers, maintenance and support staff, instructors, as well as the personnel who kept the planes and pilots in the air; ‘‘Whereas the Black Tuskegee Airmen overcame segregation and prejudice to become one of the most highly respected groups of World War II; ‘‘Whereas the Tuskegee Airmen’s achievements helped pave the way for full integration of U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas during World War II, approximately 700 African Americans were killed in action; ‘‘Whereas Cornelius Charlton, a career military man, served in the Army during the Korean war; ‘‘Whereas on June 2, 1951, his platoon encountered heavy resistance while attempting to take Hill 543 and the leader of his platoon was wounded; ‘‘Whereas Charlton took command and regrouped his men and led an assault on the hill; ‘‘Whereas he singlehandedly attacked and disabled the last remaining enemy gun encampments; b1815 ‘‘Whereas he subsequently died from his wounds inflicted by a grenade, but he is credited with saving much of his platoon; ‘‘Whereas Cornelius Charlton, a Black man, posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions near Chipori, South Korea; ‘‘Whereas African Americans literally fought for the right to die in defense of their country; ‘‘Whereas in the face of injustices, many African Americans distinguished themselves with their commitment to the noble ideals upon which the United States was founded and courageously fought for the rights and the freedom of all Americans; ‘‘Whereas the preservation and teaching of Black history are nationally recognized due to the efforts of Dr. Carter G. Woodson and his establishment of Negro History Week, the precursor to Black History Month; ‘‘Whereas Black History Month, which represents Dr. Carter G. Woodson’s efforts to enhance knowledge of Black history, started through the Journal of Negro History, published by Woodson’s Association for the Study of African American Life and History; and ‘‘Whereas the month of February is officially celebrated as Black History Month, which dates back to 1926, when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a special period of time in February to recognize the heritage and achievements of Black Americans. ‘‘Now, therefore, be it resolved that the House of Representatives— ‘‘Recognizes the significance of Black History Month as an important time to acknowledge and celebrate the contributions of African Americans in the Nation’s history, and encourages the continued celebration of this month to provide an opportunity for all peoples of the United States’’—regardless of where they are from—‘‘to learn more about the past and to better understand the experiences that have shaped the Nation; ‘‘Recognizes that ethnic and racial diversity of the United States enriches and strengthens the Nation; and ‘‘Encourages all States to include in their yearround educational curriculum the history and contributions of African Americans in the United States and around the world.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to say to this audience that this Congress has been very responsive to the notion of celebrating AfricanAmerican history. My hope is that, once we are back in the business of approving resolutions of this type, this resolution will be taken up by the Congress of the United States of America, that it will be voted on, and that it will be passed. My hope is that this will be an indication to our country that our Congress does truly appreciate what the African Americans have done to make America the beautiful a more beautiful America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize this month of February as Black History Month. Black History Month is an important celebration of the achievements and sacrifices of AfricanAmericans in building our nation. Black History Month has a rich history itself, from its humble beginnings as ‘Negro Awareness Week’, celebrated in February to coincide with the birth months of both Frederick Douglass and President Lincoln, the expansion to a month was first celebrated at Kent State University in 1970, before being officially recognized by President Gerald Ford in 1976, who said that it was a ‘seize the opportunity to honor the toooften neglected accomplishments of Black Americans in every area of endeavor throughout our history’. February has 
been officially designated as Black History Month by every President since, and while the month is not itself sufficient to honor the legacies of AfricanAmericans, it makes a good start. This year is especially important, as is this day, as we honor the 200th birthday of Frederick Douglass, a towering presence in AfricanAmerican history. Born into slavery, secretly teaching himself to read and write, Frederick Douglass would become a powerful voice for abolition, and for the equality of all people. But during this month, we must honor not only Frederick Douglass and the other leading figures of our movement, but also the thousands of ordinary AfricanAmericans who formed the tide that swept slavery from our nation, the many people who continue in the effort to eradicate racism today, and all those who will do so in the future. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend AL GREEN for convening this special order session, so that we can appropriately honor Black History Month, and recognize the sacrifice and courage of AfricanAmericans throughout our nation’s history. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. LOBIONDO (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today after 1:30 p.m. and for February 15 on account of attending a family funeral. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 9, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 1892. To amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. H.R. 1301. Making appropriations for the Department of Defense the fiscal year ending September 30,2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 582. To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 911 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 15, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. RICHMOND , and Mrs. D EMINGS ): H.R. 5011. A bill to protect elections for public office by providing financial support and enhanced security for the infrastructure used to carry out such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Intelligence (Permanent Select), the Judiciary, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. MARINO , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5012. A bill to provide further tax relief for Americans receiving bonuses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. BEYER , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. D UNN, and Mr. HARRIS ): H.R. 5013. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to clarify liability protections regarding emergency use of automated external defibrillators; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. M AST, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. Y OHO): H.R. 5014. A bill to provide for a moratorium on oil and gas leasing and exploration on the outer Continental Shelf off the coast of Florida until 2029, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. NORTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. PINGREE , Ms. L EE, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. NOLAN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, and Ms. KAPTUR ): H.R. 5015. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take certain actions related to pesticides that may affect pollinators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 5016. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a Revitalize Rural America Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. EVANS , and Ms. LEE): H.R. 5017. A bill to amend the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 to reauthorize the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5018. A bill to carry out pilot programs to improve skills and job training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. COHEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. GALLEGO ): H.R. 5019. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require a quarterly report on security clearances for individuals working in the White House or the Executive Office of the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5020. A bill to provide for the establishment of a Department of Education program to award grants to secondary schools that establish a project to encourage students in their junior and senior school years to experience career and technical education courses at a community college, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5021. A bill to require the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration to make publicly available on the website of the Drug Enforcement Administration a report on the sale of controlled substances and controlled substance analogues by means of the Internet; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. BUSTOS , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 5022. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to authorize funding for the voluntary public access and habitat incentive program; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5023. A bill to designate the Civil War Defenses of Washington National Historical Park comprised of certain National Park System lands, and by affiliation and cooperative agreements other historically significant resources, located in the District of Columbia, Virginia, and Maryland, that were part of the Civil War defenses of Washington and related to the Shenandoah Valley Campaign of 1864, to study ways in which the Civil War history of both the North and South can be assembled, arrayed, and conveyed for the benefit of the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5024. A bill to exclude the species known as bullet tuna and frigate tuna from the standard of identity established for canned tuna, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5025. A bill to amend the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act to limit the imposition of penalties against a person fishing on a United States flag fishing vessel in certain areas of the Pacific Ocean based on a report by an observer on such a vessel; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN (for herself and Ms. BORDALLO ): 
H.R. 5026. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to waive certain requirements for naturalization for American Samoan United States nationals to become United States citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and Miss RICEof New York): H.R. 5027. A bill to amend chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that using drugs or illegal substances to cause a person to engage in a commercial sex act constitutes coercion and using drugs or illegal substances to provide or obtain the labor or services of a person constitutes forced labor; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5028. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require disclosure of payments for settlements of disputes regarding sexual abuse and certain types of harassment and discrimination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5029. A bill to amend the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 to require the specialty crops committee to make an additional recommendation regarding agricultural technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. ISSA, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H. Res. 738. A resolution expressing support for designation of February 14 as World Bonobo Day; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 99: Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 113: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 365: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 392: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H.R. 613: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 667: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska and Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 676: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 681: Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. E MMER , and Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 719: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 731: Mr. RUIZ, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali fornia, Mr. SHERMAN , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 757: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 795: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 809: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 878: Mr. BUCK. H.R. 881: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. SCHNEIDER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 909: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 959: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 964: Mr. BACON and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1002: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 1017: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1102: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 1156: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1205: Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1212: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 1267: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 1276: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1291: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1300: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 1341: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 1358: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 1377: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1447: Ms. BASS. H.R. 1494: Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1515: Ms. BASS. H.R. 1516: Ms. BASS. H.R. 1617: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1676: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 1734: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1784: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 1847: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1881: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 2024: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 2242: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2267: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2308: Mr. DESAULNIER and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 2309: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2310: Mr. BACON . H.R. 2319: Mr. VELA. H.R. 2327: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 2366: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 2417: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2501: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 2659: Ms. MENG. H.R. 2740: Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2917: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 2987: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. PETERSON . 
H.R. 3030: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 3174: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 3199: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3222: Ms. BASSand Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3255: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3282: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 3301: Mr. GAETZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Lou isiana, and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3349: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3459: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3497: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3574: Mr. POCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. L EE, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. N ORTON , Miss RICEof New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. SWALWELL of California, and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 3600: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 3635: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 3642: Mrs. LOVEand Mr. I SSA. H.R. 3654: Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. SLAUGHTER , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 3681: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 3712: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3714: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3738: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3790: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 3827: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3842: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3862: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3887: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 3889: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 3913: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 3956: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 3976: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4007: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 4013: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 4062: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 4099: Mr. ISSA, Ms. E STY of Con necticut, and Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 4107: Mr. DELANEY , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4144: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 4152: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 4207: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4229: Mr. CARTER of Georgia and Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 4240: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4253: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4256: Mr. LATTA and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4260: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 4268: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4311: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4312: Mr. GROTHMAN and Mr. I SSA. H.R. 4316: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4345: Ms. LOFGREN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. LEE, Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 4424: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 4439: Mr. PITTENGER and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 4444: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4549: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina and Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 4563: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 4633: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4657: Mr. WELCH and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4660: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4682: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4706: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 4732: Mr. SUOZZI and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4734: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4736: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 4747: Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. D UNN, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. BLUM, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Ms. SPEIER , and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 4760: Mr. SCALISE . H.R. 4763: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 4770: Mr. GAETZ , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. POSEY , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 4775: Mr. SOTOand Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4809: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 4844: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 4846: Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. COHEN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 4851: Mr. MCGOVERN and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida. H.R. 4888: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4903: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4906: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4910: Mr. DUNNand Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4916: Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. WAGNER , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 4921: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4929: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 4940: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 4944: Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 4949: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. RYANof Ohio, and Mr. T AYLOR . H.R. 4980: Mr. ELLISON , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. R USH, and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4999: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 5005: Mrs. DEMINGS . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. BABIN. H. Res. 31: Mr. GIBBS and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 129: Mr. ABRAHAM . H. Res. 466: Mr. LOEBSACK . H. Res. 632: Mr. CHABOT . H. Res. 661: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H. Res. 673: Ms. LOFGREN . H. Res. 720: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. PLASKETT . H. Res. 722: Mr. KHANNA , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. VARGAS . H. Res. 733: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. f 
79. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Board of Supervisors of Jackson County, Mississippi, relative to a resolution supporting Gulf of Mexico Energy and Revenue Sharing; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S929 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2018 No. 29 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable THOM TILLIS , a Senator from the State of North Carolina. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, the fountain of wisdom, thank You for this season of penance and personal reflection. Lord, as we remember that the last time Ash Wednesday and Valentine’s Day fell on the same day—it was 1945—we thank You for the many challenging seasons through which You have brought this Nation and world. As we continue to depend upon the power of Your prevailing providence, deliver us from majoring in minors. Bless our lawmakers. As they commit themselves to You, make them a voice for the voiceless and a help for the helpless. May they make it their first priority to fulfill Your purposes for their lives. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 