Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 2018 winners of my office’s Educational Award Program. Each year, my office recognizes students who have shown their continued dedication to excelling academically, leading in their schools, and improving in their communities. Since 2015, we have recognized 91 juniors and seniors from 29 high schools across Arkansas’ Second Congressional District. These students have continuously demonstrated a strong commitment to community service, leadership, teamwork, and high academic achievement. It is my sincere hope that the receipt of this award serves not only as an honorarium for these exceptional students, but also as motivation for other central Arkansas students to strive for the highest levels of excellence both in and out of the classroom. I wish them all the best as they continue their studies. RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF EDWARD  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of Edward Poletti, chief of learning resources at Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System. The Library of Congress’ Federal Library and Information Network has awarded Mr. Poletti with its Federal Librarian of the Year Award. Along with this honor, his name will be added to a perpetual plaque listing each year’s recipients. Mr. Poletti is being awarded for his skill in survey designs, statistics, and for providing his statistical talents to many other librarians needing assistance with data interpretation and survey design. He is also receiving the Lois Ann Colaianni Award for Excellence and Achievement in Hospital Librarianship from the Medical Library Association. I honor Mr. Poletti’s 36 years of service as a Federal librarian, assisting so many throughout Arkansas and the Nation. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Susan Cookus of the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System for being named National Female Volunteer of the Year. The National Advisory Committee of the Department of Veterans Affairs Voluntary Service named Ms. Cookus the National Female Volunteer of the Year after reviewing nomination letters from the Central Arkansas VA and from our veterans in central Arkansas. Susan’s dedication and service to veterans and their needs have earned her a great deal of appreciation, recognition, and respect over the years. Ms. Cookus is also a member of the Soldiers’ Angels, a Texasbased nonprofit that provides aid and comfort to the men and women of the U.S. armed services, their families, and an expanding veteran population. Ms. Cookus 
volunteered more than 570 hours and helped distribute more than $720,000 in donations in the past year brought in by Soldiers’ Angels. There is no one more deserving of this award, and I am proud to have such a dedicated member of my district volunteering and helping our veterans. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the lifelong service of two constituents of mine, Esther Crawford and Emma Wilbert, both of whom were recently inducted into the North Little Rock, Arkansas, Senior Citizens Hall of Fame. Esther serves as a board member for the North Little Rock Education Foundation and the William F. Laman Public Library. She has earned the designation of Most Vital Pal at the Winthrop P. Rockefeller Cancer Institute for all of her help to their multiple myeloma patients. Emma serves as activity director at the Campus Towers’ senior public housing facility in North Little Rock, after she retired from a 28year career with the U.S. Postal Service. She was elected as vice queen for the Hays Senior Citizens Center’s Red Hat Society chapter for 7 years and serves in both the sanctuary choir and nursing home ministry of Greater Second Baptist Church in Little Rock. Senior Hall of Fame selections are bestowed every 2 years on individuals for their significant contributions to North Little Rock, Arkansas’ senior citizens. I congratulate them. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF ROSENSTIEL SCHOOL OF MARINE AND ATMOSPHERIC SCIENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this year, my alma mater, the University of Miami, celebrates the 75th anniversary of the Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science. Early on, in 1943, UM recognized the need to advance the field of oceanographic research, establishing what was known then as the UM Marine Laboratory in a small boathouse on Belle Isle in Miami Beach. Fastforward to today. UM’s Rosenstiel School has transformed into one of the world’s premier marine and atmospheric research institutions, including developing stateoftheart approaches to tackling some of today’s most pressing environmental problems. This vital research includes coral reef restoration and sustainable fishing studies that have had a positive impact on south Florida as a community and as stewards of our fragile environment. UM’s efforts help ensure that future generations enjoy our unique and beautiful oceans for centuries to come. I would like to congratulate UM Rosenstiel students and the staff, both past and present, for their commitment to oceanographic and atmospheric research and for the work that has made it this wonderful institution that it is today. So happy 75th. Go Canes. HONORING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF STANLEY  
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a prominent figure of not only our south Florida community, but of the entire Nation, Mr. Stanley Tate. A MiamiDade County native, Stanley Tate has been successful in many roles, including businessman, civic leader, and public servant. Not long after Stanley graduated from college, he founded a general contracting firm building private homes and apartment buildings. As a young and driven newcomer to the industry, Stanley quickly became wellknown and respected for his quality work, and he has continuously expanded upon his success. Stanley also knew that he could make a great, positive impact in our community and beyond by involving himself in public service. He served with the city council of Bay Harbor Islands in several capacities, including mayor and assistant mayor for 20 years. He also served on the board of directors of the Florida League of Cities and is a former chairman of the housing resource team for MetroDade County. It is because of his vast knowledge and proficiency that Stanley was invited several times to testify here in D.C. before committees in both the House and the Senate regarding housing and banking issues. Stanley was also appointed by President George Herbert Walker Bush to be the chairman of the National Advisory Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, and he was then nominated by President Clinton to be the president of the RTC. Stanley and I share the belief that every family should be provided a way to save for their child’s higher education, so I was proud to partner with Stanley to help his vision become a reality with the Florida Prepaid College Plan. It was his tenure in the early developments of the program that helped ensure the program’s viability and success. In recognition of Stanley’s efforts, thenGovernor Jeb Bush renamed the program the Stanley G. Tate Florida Prepaid College Program. As a believer in the Jewish faith, Stanley has always been active in the Miami Jewish community and was a strong and early supporter of our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Stanley served as chairman of the Greater Miami Jewish Federation and has been heavily involved in the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, or AIPAC, since the very start. Mr. Speaker, throughout his life, Stanley has selflessly devoted himself to give back to others. So, thank you, Stanley Tate, for your commitment to bettering the lives of so many in our community and our great Nation. I am so proud to call you mi amigo, my friend. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You look upon our world: men and women being born and being laid to rest, some getting married and others getting divorced, the old and the young, the rich and the poor, the happy and the sad. There are so many who are aimless, despairing, hateful, and killing, so many sick and undernourished, so many struggling with life who find it hard to see meaning. Send us Your spirit, that the issues of our day might be met with compassion by the Members of this House, and all who serve to improve the conditions of our shared humanity. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BANKS of Indiana led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
REPEAL OF WATERWAY REGULATION (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, as we debate the farm bill this week, 
the House has an opportunity to permanently eliminate one of the worst examples of runaway government and unaccountable bureaucracy by the Obama administration. The 2015 waters of the United States rule, better known as WOTUS, is harmful to farmers and agricultural producers in Indiana and across the country. This rule gives unelected bureaucrats at the EPA the power to broadly interpret what is a navigable waterway. This rule can be interpreted in a way that even a puddle can be considered a navigable waterway subject to Federal regulation. I am proud to represent nearly 12,000 farms in northeast Indiana, and each and every one of these operations could be subject to this overreaching rule. At a time of falling commodity prices, the last thing that Hoosier farmers need is an ambiguous, broad, and costly government decree that seeks to regulate nearly every aspect of their operation. I applaud efforts by the Trump administration to delay this damaging rule, but it is time to permanently repeal WOTUS. I urge my colleagues to support its elimination as Congress considers the farm bill this week. 
ALLOWING DEAF CITIZENS TO SERVE IN THE MILITARY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, Keith Nolan’s dream was to be a military officer. He excelled at the first two levels of Army ROTC and was preparing to take the next step when he was told that he could not continue because he failed the hearing portion of a military medical exam. This is not at all surprising, because Keith Nolan is deaf. The United States does not allow the deaf community to serve in the military, unlike other nations that allow deaf citizens to serve. Despite Keith’s passion and despite our attempts to establish a demonstration program to prove that the deaf community is entirely capable of contributing to our military, Keith does not have the opportunity to serve his country. Today, I am mourning for Keith and for the country, which lost out on his service. But I want to celebrate his passion and his dedication to expanding civil rights for the deaf community. He has taken this rejection in stride, creating an ROTC program at the Maryland School for the Deaf. I am once again calling for a demonstration program that gives the deaf community a chance to defend the country they love. 
HISTORIC EMBASSY IN JERUSALEM (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend I was grateful to lead a congressional delegation to Jerusalem, where we met yesterday with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Knesset Foreign Affairs Chairman Avi Dichter, while we attended the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem, ably coordinated by Ambassador David Friedman with Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Sadly, some threaten Israel’s legitimacy, but the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem, with the courage of President Donald Trump, provides validity to the State of Israel and their inherent right to determine their own capital. America’s bond with Israel is unique. And its strength is the foundation of American leadership in the Middle East for peace. By moving the embassy to Jerusalem and promoting Israel’s permanency, the world is safer for American families. And I appreciate the opportunity to have been there for this historic achievement with President Trump fulfilling his promises. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Best wishes for a speedy recovery for the Congressman from Maryland, ANTHONY BROWN . 
RECOGNIZING DETECTIVE MIOSOTIS FAMILIA (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of New York City Police Department Detective Miosotis Familia. Unfortunately, Miosotis was the first DominicanAmerican female officer killed in the line of duty in New York City. During National Police Week and Peace Officers Memorial Day, I want to celebrate and commemorate Detective Familia. She, along with her law enforcement peers in New York and across the country, was memorialized at the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Detective Familia, as a Dominican American coming from a family of immigrants to the United States, and her commitment to public service speaks volumes of the benefits and sacrifice that she and fellow immigrants and people of color continue to make in the United States, despite the overwhelming antiimmigrant rhetoric that exists in today’s political climate. Immigrant communities continue to play a vital role in every aspect of American life. As the first Dominican American elected to Congress, I understand that service to country and community is not limited by one race or ethnicity, as did Defective Familia. I have represented the Familia family for over 22 years, both in the State legislature and now in Congress. This is a somber moment, but one that demands our recognition of the tremendous service that Detective Familia gave to her community. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join so many of my colleagues in recognizing National Police Week. These days, it seems like our uniformed officers don’t always receive the respect and admiration they deserve, making this week all the more important in my mind. I am especially thankful for Officers David Bailey and Crystal Griner, who, as everyone in this Chamber knows, saved many lives when they took down an armed gunman at last year’s baseball practice. Our law enforcement officers now deal with this type of threat on a daily basis, sometimes even from deranged individuals who specifically want to kill cops. There were 135 officers killed in the line of duty last year, but unlike me and you, they know the risks when they go to work in the morning, and they accept them. For these men and women who wear the badge each day and dedicate their lives to making our communities a better place, it must often feel like a thankless job. Well, not today. I want every law enforcement officer around the country to know that you are appreciated and you are admired. Thank you for everything you do, and God bless you and keep you safe in your duties. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 613) to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional institution for firearms carried by certain employees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 613 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self Protection Act of 2017’’. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–277; 118 Stat. 865) gives certain law enforcement officers, including certain correctional officers of the Bureau of Prisons, the right to carry a concealed firearm in all 50 States for selfprotection; (2) the purpose of that Act is to allow certain law enforcement officers to protect themselves while off duty; (3) correctional officers of the Bureau of Prisons have been the targets of assaults and murders while off duty; and (4) while that Act allows certain law enforcement officers to protect themselves off duty, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons allows correctional officers of the Bureau of Prisons to securely store personal firearms at only 31 Federal penal and correctional institutions while at work. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4050. Secure firearms storage ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ means a qualified law enforcement officer employed by the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) the terms ‘firearm’ and ‘qualified law enforcement officer’ have the meanings given those terms under section 926B. ‘‘(b) SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE .—The Di rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution— ‘‘(1)(A) provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the institution for employees to store firearms; or ‘‘(B) allows employees to store firearms in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regulations), allows employees to carry concealed firearms on the premises outside of the secure perimeter of the institution.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4050. Secure firearms storage.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 613, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in 2004 Congress passed and President Bush signed into law the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act, LEOSA. LEOSA allows certain law enforcement officers, including correctional officers of the Bureau of Prisons, the right to carry a concealed firearm throughout the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and all other U.S. territories for selfdefense and the defense of others. LEOSA also allows law enforcement officers to carry their firearms while off duty. These laws help keep citizens safe, but there is still room for improvement. For example, the Bureau of Prisons does not permit its correctional officers to safely store their personal firearms in a secure locker at its facilities, and employees are otherwise prohibited from storing them in their personal vehicles while parked on Bureau of Prisons property. This leaves correctional workers vulnerable to attack during their commutes to and from work. Sadly, an attack on a correctional officer while commuting to or from a prison is not a hypothetical situation. On the evening of February 26, 2013, Bureau of Prisons Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati was ambushed and murdered while on his way home from work. According to court documents, the shooting was a hit ordered by Federal inmates housed at the Metropolitan Detention Center, Guaynabo, Puerto Rico. Authorities believe that Lieutenant Albarati’s murder was a direct result of his work at the prison; specifically, in retaliation for his investigations into cell phone smuggling at the MDC and the seizure of contraband. Lieutenant Albarati was ambushed during his drive home, shot 16 times, and died at the scene. He was 39 years old. On January 28, 2015, a Federal grand jury in the District of Puerto Rico returned a sixcount indictment charging nine individuals for the murder of Lieutenant Albarati. In January of 2016, Federal prosecutors notified the district court of their intention to seek the death penalty. Trial preparation is ongoing in that case. Mr. Speaker, Lieutenant Albarati’s family has yet to receive justice for this senseless, despicable act, but we, as a legislative body, can do our best to ensure this never happens again. To that end, H.R. 613 makes a commonsense amendment to Federal law to address the problem highlighted by this tragedy. This bipartisan bill, cosponsored by 54 of our colleagues, would direct the Bureau of Prisons to provide a secure storage area located outside the secure perimeter of each Bureau of Prisons facility where correctional officers will be able to store their personal firearms and allow employees to store firearms 
in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Bureau of Prisons. This is important, reasonable legislation. With its passage, the House honors the life of a brave man who served his community faithfully and one day made the ultimate sacrifice. I want to thank the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) for introducing this legislation. I also want to thank Lieutenant Albarati’s widow, Helen, who is here with us today in the gallery, for her tireless efforts to ensure her husband’s death was not in vain. We salute you and we thank you. Mr. Speaker, as we begin the 2018 Police Week, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Let us do our best to protect those who protect us. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from referring to occupants in the gallery. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 613, the Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer SelfProtection Act of 2017. I support this bipartisan and commonsense bill to facilitate the ability of Federal Bureau of Prisons correctional officers to carry personal firearms for protection as they commute to and from their jobs. This bill would allow the Bureau’s correctional officers to protect themselves without jeopardizing the safety and the security of the facilities in which they work. Currently, Bureau of Prisons correctional officers are authorized to carry concealed firearms for selfprotection while off duty under the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act, and this bill doesn’t alter that existing privilege. Instead, because there is no mechanism today to allow these correctional officers to store firearms that they might carry during their commutes to and from work, they are precluded from bringing their personal firearms onto the premises of these facilities and are therefore, in effect, precluded from carrying firearms for personal protection as they travel to and from the workplace. To address this problem, H.R. 613 requires the Bureau of Prisons to allow properly qualified correctional officers to bring their firearms onto the premises of Bureau facilities in a manner that minimizes possible security and safety risks. b1600 The Bureau would be required to either provide correctional officers with a secure storage area for their firearms located outside the secure perimeter of the prison or allow the officers to store their firearms in vehicle lockboxes approved by the Bureau. Without question, correctional officers perform an essential and, indeed, an indispensable function within our criminal justice system, and we depend on them to keep all of our facilities safe, secure, and efficiently run for everyone. For some correctional officers, the inability to carry a firearm to and from work could leave them vulnerable to someone attempting to do them harm. This bill is named, as my distinguished colleague from Virginia said, in honor of Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati, a Bureau officer who was ambushed and murdered as he drove home from his job at a Bureau detention center. Lieutenant Albarati was specifically targeted for the work he was doing at the institution. We hope this legislation will prevent any future lethal attack on our officers. Accordingly, I would commend Mr. GOODLATTE and others, the sponsor of the bill, for bringing this important measure forward, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 613, the Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer SelfProtection Act, and urge its immediate passage. Mr. Speaker, every year when we are back in the district I conduct over 300 meetings with constituents to understand some of the issues they are facing. That might be from senior citizens, to nurses, to school teachers, to correctional officers. We do this on an annual basis to listen and learn and bring back their concerns, what is affecting them, back to Washington, so we can work on legislation. These meetings shape a large portion of the legislation our office works on. When student veterans in our district told us they were having problems using their GI Bill benefits to pay for their degrees, we came back and passed legislation to address that issue. When the story of correctional officer Eric Williams’ brutal murder was brought to our attention, we developed and passed legislation allowing officers to carry pepper spray, simple pepper spray, at all times. Now, when that was adopted, that might have prevented his death by inmates who took his life. Now, correctional officers in our district have brought us other concerns about being targeted when they finish their shift and leave prison for the day. We heard the story about how Lieutenant Albarati was targeted and brutally murdered on his way home from work at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Puerto Rico. All this was in retaliation for his investigation into a cellphone smuggling ring that was occurring in the prison. He was targeted, shot, chased, and killed after leaving work that day. Correctional officers often find themselves as targets, we are hearing, for retaliatory attacks for what they have done at work. Unfortunately, Bureau of Prison policy prohibits officers from carrying or storing their personal firearms at the Federal facility where they work or anywhere on the grounds. This bill requires that every Federal facility have a safe and secure area in which officers can store their personal firearms during their shift. With passage of this bill, we will provide them with one more tool to ensure they make it home safely to their families every day, giving them the peace of mind that they can perform their duties and not worry about the aftermath. Look, our Nation’s prison guards are often taken for granted. They are the forgotten men and women of America who face evil, and I mean that in the strongest way. They face evil every day to keep our communities safe. Today, we have the opportunity to honor Lieutenant Albarati for his service and weep with his widow and his three children for their loss. His sacrifice, as the chairman said, must not be in vain. The lessons that we have learned can be used to prevent another tragedy like this from happening ever again. I thank the Judiciary Committee, its chairman, Mr. GOODLATTE , and the House leadership for bringing H.R. 613 to the floor and urge all my colleagues to honor the memory of Lieutenant Albarati by voting ‘‘yes’’ and sending this bill to the Senate. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, as we recognize our hardworking law enforcement officers across America this week and honor those, like Lieutenant Albarati, who have given their lives to keep the rest of us safe, I am very proud to reiterate my support for the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), the ranking member of the Criminal Justice Subcommittee, to control. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas will control the time. There was no objection. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we are just having some discussion about the order of bills. Thank you so very much for your indulgence. I want to ask if the ranking member has any additional speakers. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the chairman does not have any additional speakers. I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, let me thank Congressman RASKIN for the diligent work that he has done on the Judiciary Committee, as a whole, but particularly his assistance today for those of us who were flying in. This is a particularly important bill because I have just had the opportunity to visit with corrections officers 
in a correction center in New York. It was both an informational opportunity and tour of the facility, but also, it was enormously instructive. First, I want to honor Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati, correctional officer in the SelfProtection Act, and I want to thank the author of the legislation. It is clear that this is a very important addition to both respecting, and, as well, protecting correctional officers. It is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, as has been indicated, and specifically provides for Federal Bureau of Prisons correctional officers to carry personal firearms for protection as they commute to and from their jobs. Listening to these correctional officers, sitting down with them, you know that there is a passion for their work. You also know that they want those who are incarcerated to do well, to restore their lives, to be rehabilitated. So there is a mutual desire for a betterment of society, and I believe that this is important in as much as the story of Lieutenant Albarati is a sad one, for he was ambushed and murdered as he drove home from his job at a Bureau detention center, and he was specifically targeted for the work he did at the institution. So this is an important way of honoring him, but also recognizing, which we often don’t take note in this week of saluting our law enforcement officers. Sometimes we do not acknowledge the correctional officers all throughout the Nation, and as well, those who are in State and local government. I want to acknowledge them today as part of law enforcement and to indicate that this is an important component to making sure they are safe and that they go home safely to their families. I do want to say that I appreciate those correctional officers that met with me to discuss how to improve the correctional institution, the need for staffing, and the commitment that we will work together, getting information from them, and as well, providing the resources that they need. Let me make this final point: that our correctional officers are in all jurisdictions. Some are in urban centers, some in rural areas. And so this legislation, obviously, will be guided by the appropriate laws that deal with the carrying of weapons in their jurisdiction. But the important point is that we provide them with a place to store those weapons so that they are safe within the laws of their particular area going to and fro. I think that is the least we can do. And I rise to support this legislation and to indicate that there are those of us who believe in real gun safety legislation, with no undermining of the Second Amendment, that can clearly see the correctness, if you will, and the rightness, if you will, of a commonsense approach to protecting individuals who are set to protect us or to do a law enforcement position. And for that reason, let me thank the author of the legislation, let me salute law enforcement officers this week, and take note of saluting the late Lieutenant Albarati, and all of those correctional officers, and ask our colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 613, the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer SelfProtection Act of 2017.’’ I support this bipartisan, commonsense bill, which will facilitate the ability of Federal Bureau of Prisons correctional officers to carry personal firearms for protection as they commute to and from their jobs. H.R. 613 would allow the Bureau’s correctional officers to protect themselves, if necessary, without jeopardizing the safety and security of the facilities in which they work. Currently, Bureau of Prisons correctional officers are authorized to carry concealed firearms for selfprotection while off duty under the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act. This bill would not alter this existing privilege. Instead, because there currently is no mechanism to allow these correctional officers to store firearms they might carry during their commutes to and from Bureau of Prison facilities, they are precluded from bringing their personal firearms onto the premises of these facilities and are, in effect, thereby precluded from carrying firearms for personal protection as they travel to and from work. To address this issue, H.R. 613 would require the Bureau of Prisons to allow properly qualified correctional officers to bring personal firearms onto the premises of Bureau facilities in a manner that minimizes any possible security or safety risks. The Bureau would be required to either provide correctional officers with a secure storage area for their firearms—located outside the secure perimeter—or allow the officers to store their firearms in vehicle lockboxes approved by the Bureau. Without question, correctional officers perform an essential function within our criminal justice system. And, we depend on them to ensure Bureau facilities are safe, secure, and managed efficiently. For some correctional officers, the inability to carry a firearm to and from work could leave them vulnerable to those who might seek to do them harm. In fact, this bill is named in honor of Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati, a Bureau officer who was ambushed and murdered as he drove home from his job at a Bureau detention center. Lieutenant Albarati was specifically targeted for the work he did at the institution. So in honor of him and all other officers, this legislation is put forth, which will help prevent future lethal attacks on these officers. Accordingly, I commend my colleagues and others for bringing this important measure forward and encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I think it is very fitting, as we begin Police Week, that we pass this important piece of legislation that makes it very clear that our sworn officers, who keep people safe but risk their own lives and work in our Bureau of Prisons, have the opportunity to have a firearm when they are traveling to and from work. It is not practical the way the current rules work. This law is vitally needed to help save lives. I know that Mrs. Albarati is here to see that that happens, and I commend her. I admire her courage, and we should not allow her husband’s life to be lost in vain. Let’s pass this legislation and make sure it doesn’t happen to others in the future. I urge my colleagues to vote for the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 613. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF HOUSE THAT CONGRESS AND THE PRESIDENT SHOULD EMPOWER CREATION OF POLICE AND COMMUNITY ALLIANCES Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 285) expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances designed to enhance and improve communication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public they serve. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 285 Whereas the United States of America was founded upon the principles of republican governance which include, but are not limited to, an adherence to the rule of law; Whereas the American law enforcement community embodies society’s most salient defenders of the rule of law; Whereas the ability of the American law enforcement community to effectively preserve the rights of American citizens and uphold the rule of law is predicated upon a healthy and collaborative relationship between police officers and the communities they serve; Whereas police and community relations have recently experienced periods of strain, where mistrust and suspicion have come to dominate police and community interactions in many communities and undermine effective policing strategies and public safety; Whereas the legitimate concerns of citizens as well as those of the law enforcement community are not always well understood by each respective constituency; and Whereas an open, constructive, and mutually respectful dialogue meant to address 
these legitimate concerns can dramatically improve police and community relations, improve public safety, and engage all of society’s stakeholders: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances designed to enhance and improve communication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public they serve. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H. Res. 285, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased the House is considering this resolution today, which highlights the critical need to strengthen relationships between police departments and the communities they serve. This resolution, cosponsored by the gentleman from the great Commonwealth of Virginia (Mr. TAYLOR ), expresses the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances designed to enhance and improve communication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public. Over the past several years, our country has witnessed the tension between certain police departments and communities come to a head. We have seen communities grieve over the loss of young men killed in police shootings. At the same time, we have seen a concerning spike in ambush attacks on police officers. We have heard complaints from communities about not being able to trust the police. We have also heard complaints from police that certain communities will not help the police in investigating the violent crimes that plague those very communities. b1615 To address this strain and divide, in July 2016, the Judiciary Committee established the bipartisan Policing Strategies Working Group. This group has held several roundtables and traveled around the country to speak to police departments and community leaders. Our objective is to examine police accountability, aggregation towards law enforcement, and public safety concerns. Our work to highlight and address these issues is ongoing. H. Res. 285 continues this progress by publicly supporting the creation of communitypolice alliances so that perhaps one day we can come to a point where there is no divide between the police and the communities they serve, no longer a sense of profound mistrust, no longer any sort of us versus them mentality. When it comes to protecting and serving the community, there shouldn’t be sides. We hope for a day when everyone can realize that police departments and community leaders seek the same goals: peace, prosperity, and safety. We hope that this resolution and our continued work on the Policing Strategies Working Group and the Judiciary Committee helps to continue the progress the country is making. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. TAYLOR for introducing this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we all know, this is the week that we take a special moment to honor those who put on the uniform to provide safety and security for the civilian population here in the United States called police persons, law enforcement, sheriffs, constables, and Federal officers. It is to recognize the importance, in a society of laws, to have individuals willing to sacrifice and to put the uniform on without question of their safety or security but, as well, be reminded of the responsibilities of adhering to the Constitution of the United States. That is, by and large, the mantra, the standards utilized by law enforcement officers across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 285, a resolution expressing the sense of the House that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances. I might put a few balloons in celebration because many of us remember those beautiful pictures of a little child holding the hand of an individual with a law enforcement uniform on. This resolution seeks to enhance and improve collaboration between the law enforcement community and the public. I salute that. It is fitting that we have this resolution during National Police Week where families gather to mourn, but, as well, to celebrate, where officers come to be acknowledged by their nation, and where we acknowledge the brave men and women who give so much of themselves to keep us safe. I support thoughtful measures that provide mechanisms to enhance resources that will allow our law enforcement officers to serve their communities effectively. That is why I hope to introduce, with a number of my colleagues, the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which creates and provides a distinctive medallion, as one of its provisions, to be issued to the survivors of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty or memorialized on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Remember, the family is very much a part of the service that these individuals give, and I meet them all the time, sometimes under conditions that I wish I did not, but I also know how much they contribute to the community. The Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act also takes a comprehensive approach to help foster healthy relationships between law enforcement and communities by implementing best practices focused on effective training and deescalation, recruitment, hiring, and oversight. I think those are elements that can be very important to protecting our law enforcement and our community. Our country was founded on some fundamental principles; among those is the rule of law. But the rule of law depends on the ability of the public to trust law enforcement, conversely, on the capacity of law enforcement to carry out their work while preserving the rights of those whom we serve. The best combination is, as this resolution intends, strong community police relations, working together, because there are enough bad guys that the help of the community can certainly help our law enforcement officers. For those strained relations that have occurred at different periods over the last couple of years, we want to, in particular, be able to work to give resources and training—as I said, best practices of deescalation—and also to help recruit in diverse communities to be able to provide that good working relationship with law enforcement all throughout. We have seen diversity in law enforcement. In Texas, of course, we have a number of layered law enforcement from police, to sheriffs, to constables, to the Texas State rangers. All of these individuals give opportunities for young people to participate in the law enforcement arena on the local level. In an effort to address these concerns last November, I, along with a bipartisan group of legislators, hosted a briefing with the American Psychological Association, titled, ‘‘Improving PoliceCommunity Relations: Psychological Perspectives.’’ The briefing explored how improving relations between law enforcement and communities of color can reduce violence between police and the public. One of the speakers discussed the psychological implications of policies that have, to my appreciation, been stopped and not utilized, such as stop andfrisk, that was facing a number of communities differently from others. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. TAYLOR  and the cosponsors of H. Res. 285 for bringing it forward because we can always find ways on a twoway street. That is what this resolution talks 
about, a twoway street. I look forward to creating that twoway street with the passage of this resolution and to including in the discussions different aspects of different and unique communities in our Nation. We are richly diverse: communities of color, those with different languages, new status immigrants, and communities of different economic levels. Dialogue generates peace, so I ask my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the author of the legislation and the cosponsors, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. TAYLOR ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Police Week, which encompasses many events and brings thousands of survivors, supporters, and law enforcement officers to our Nation’s Capital. Today is Peace Officers Memorial Day. Mr. Speaker, I am not naive to the fact that my words today don’t hold a candle to the witness or the words we can no longer hear of the valiant men and women who sacrificed it all for our communities. However, we must honor them not simply for them, but for us, for our very society’s structure is built on a foundation of rule of law. We must continue to strengthen it and inspire our descendants for generations to come to rise up and serve in uniform. There is nothing small about the big task it takes to keep the peace, protect the people, and uphold that thin blue line. Mr. Speaker, today I also rise in support of H. Res. 285, to express the deep desire of this Congress to mend any rift, to build any bridge, and to teach any lesson between law enforcement and the communities that they serve. Whether Black, Brown, White, gay, straight, rich, or poor, our country’s courageous law enforcement officers are a rare breed of man or woman who run to the sound of danger. They are part of the very fabric of this Nation. Indeed, without their and their family’s sacrifices, our society would most certainly be torn apart with the darkest of our human impulses. Their higher purpose and profession has been invaded by politics. Sure, there are bad apples who must be weeded out with accountability for an imperfect system. During this Police Week, let us come together, like we do in unity of our prayer and of our pledge to this great Nation. H. Res. 285 encourages us to do better as a society. Law enforcement officers could always work harder on putting themselves in the shoes of skeptical people in the community to understand why there is fear, why some see the law as opposition rather than the same team, and why they may see, in their lives, that upholding the law is a curse rather than a blessing. And, my fellow Americans, we must do better. We in the neighborhoods have to try to look through the eyes of law enforcement men and women who seek to protect us, help them understand where we are coming from, educate ourselves on the law, and show more respect for it. We must create more bonds, build more trust, and teach more communication, not blow up the very relationships that matter for ourselves, for our safety, and for our security. H. Res. 285 states that the U.S. Government should place more weight between the creation of police and community alliances that are designed to enhance and improve the causes of communication and collaboration between the members of both groups. Mr. Speaker, I know there is much concern and divide in our country right now on this topic, but we can choose to move in that dangerous direction as a nation divided into our respective camps. We can follow in the footsteps of other parts of the world and some of our own episodes in the past, with both sides contributing to people fearing for their safety and causing unnecessary injuries or even death, or we can realize that we are all on the same side and have civil conversations and express our concerns and questions without the stain of ugliness that has been far too common. Never should one feel scared of those in uniform because of the color of their skin, the style of their clothes, or what side of town they come from, and never should one of the 99.9 percent of law enforcement officers in good standing be subjected to disrespect, noncooperation, or unnecessary fear for their own lives. Let us start and always believe that all of us support the rule of law and that each of us truly cares about our causes, our community, and our country. H. Res. 285 acknowledges the great work that law enforcement officers do to keep their communities safe, and it pushes for an increase of dialogue surrounding legitimate concerns within the community and, in turn, our country. Mr. Speaker, we have faced difficult times in our past and there will be difficult times in our future, but I believe in the resiliency of this Nation. I believe our checks and balances realign over time and are lasting. Most of all, I believe in our people, that, ultimately, the push and pull of freedom under the rule of law and debate and democracy are what strengthens us, our culture, and our society. Let us choose to engage as one team. Let us always be calm, for calm is contagious. It will help us better serve each other and understand each other. In doing so, we shall rise together as one nation under God. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan resolution, H. Res. 285. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), well known for his commitment to first responders throughout the Nation. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to associate myself with the words of SCOTT TAYLOR , the Congressman from Virginia. This is National Police Week. I would like to see the passage of H. Res. 285. As a lead Democratic sponsor of this legislation and cochair of the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus, I know the importance of enhancing and improving communication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public they serve. Thousands of law enforcement officers and their families have traveled to Washington, D.C., this week to pay tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice. While we give thanks every day to the men and women serving and protecting our communities, this week is a perfect opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to show America’s law enforcement that we have their back here in the Congress of the United States and around the country. Every day our Nation’s law enforcement officers put their lives on the line to protect our families, our friends, our children, our neighbors, and our communities. The brave men and women who wear the badge understand the dangers of their job, but they heed the call to serve and willingly face those risks in order to create safe communities for all of us. Tragically, 360 names will be added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial here in Washington, D.C., this year; 129 of those lost their lives in the line of duty last year. Every name added heard the call to protect and serve and made the ultimate sacrifice, leaving behind family, friends, brothers and sisters in arms, and their communities. b1630 As we remember and pay tribute for their ultimate sacrifice, we acknowledge the dangers inherent in the job our law enforcement officers do every day. This resolution before us recognizes the bravery and sacrifices of the men and women in blue. It recognizes that we must do more to enhance and improve communication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public they serve. It is my hope that during this Police Week, we can come together to honor the sacrifices made by law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I thank the other lead sponsors, including Congressman SCOTT TAYLOR , TOMO’HALLERAN , and the Republican cochair of the Law Enforcement Caucus, DAVID REICHERT . Fourteen years we have been cochairs. We are going to miss him when he leaves us. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman GOODLATTE for bringing this resolution to the floor, and I ask for a big vote on H. Res. 285. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I do not have any additional speakers and am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) and the Law Enforcement Caucus, Mr. REICHERT , and I pay tribute to his service. Certainly, Mr. PASCRELL has been on the front lines for a very long time, and I have been delighted to join him, first, when we were on the Homeland Security Committee and then continuing on the caucuses that deal with our first responders across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, let me indicate to my colleagues that I also rise in support of H. Res. 285, and to thank Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. T AYLOR , and to also reinforce what I hope will be a worthy discussion going forward on the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which has a wide range of civil rights groups and police groups who are already beginning to support us. This resolution has been introduced before, and we were lucky enough to get a number of good cosponsors of organizations who believe in our communitypolice cooperation. I happen to come from Houston, where our first AfricanAmerican police chief was Lee Brown, who is known as the father of communityoriented policing, which is the premise, I believe, of this resolution, getting to know your officers, engaging with your officers, and finding a way to empower both police and community working together. The Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which I look forward to working with the ranking member of the full committee and ranking member of the subcommittee and the chairman of the full committee and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, deals with accreditation, deals with development programs that are helpful to law enforcement, processes to address questions raised, and as well the medallion for the family members’ collection of data, and, what I like, the professional training funding that will come about for additional professional training that many of the departments would long for and welcomed when we began to discuss it. So H. Res. 285 is a very important statement being made that I hope that all of the Members will join, too, and that is that we need good policecommunity relations. We need to develop and empower the creation of police and community alliances. We do it in Houston, Texas. We have layered officers. Most people have never heard of constables. We have them in Texas. The rangers, we still have the rangers with historic history. We have our police in the different cities and counties and small towns, and then we have the deputy sheriffs and sheriffs in our counties all throughout. Many of these organizations do public service and barbecues. Certainly we all gather together when we have a person fallen in duty, and as well we continue to work when there is a tragedy dealing with a civilian as well. We must do everything we can to improve the relationship between law enforcement and the communities we serve. Research shows that in order to succeed, we must expend the resources needed to improve communication and collaboration between law enforcement and the public. There will be many officers up this week. We should see all of them and engage in a friendly and welcoming way. We should reinforce the value of having a Nation of laws and those who enforce it, that we are also neighbors, and that we should look forward to increased communitypolice interaction and relationships. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this resolution and let us work together for good in a Nation as great as America is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this is a good resolution. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 285. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative. The ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
JUSTICE SERVED ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4854) to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4854 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’. 
(a) D EBBIE SMITH DNA B ACKLOG GRANT  PROGRAM .—Section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) To increase the capacity of State and local prosecution offices to address the backlog of violent crime cases in which suspects have been identified through DNA evidence.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ALLOCATION OF GRANT AWARDS FOR  
PROSECUTORS .—For each fiscal year, not less than 5 percent, but not more than 7 percent, of the grant amounts distributed under paragraph (1) shall, if sufficient applications to justify such amounts are received by the Attorney General, be awarded for purposes described in subsection (a)(9), provided that none of the funds required to be distributed under this paragraph shall decrease or otherwise limit the availability of funds required to be awarded to States or units of local government under paragraph (3).’’. (b) PROSECUTION OF COLD CASES.—Of the amounts made available to the Attorney General for a DNA Analysis and capacity enhancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities for the purpose described in section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701) under the heading ‘‘
LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE ’’ under the heading ‘‘OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE’’ in fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022, not less than 5 percent, but not more than 7 percent, of such amounts shall be provided for grants for prosecutors to increase the capacity of State and local prosecution offices to address cold cases involving violent crime, where suspects have been identified through DNA evidence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4854, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act of 2018, introduced by the gentleman from Texas, Judge CARTER . All of us in this body are familiar with Debbie Smith and the tragedy of her attack and the triumph of the law that bears her name. Many of us have had the pleasure of meeting Debbie and her husband, Rob, and hearing her story firsthand. The Debbie Smith Act was the Nation’s first piece of legislation aimed at ending the DNA backlog that plagued our State crime labs. The Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program was created in 2004, and 
since then it has enabled States to process more than 725,000 cases and upload more than 327,000 DNA profiles into the FBI’s Combined DNA Index System, or CODIS. I had the honor to be the chief sponsor of the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act of 2014. When Judge CARTER reached out to me about this bill, I was encouraged, but I also wanted to know how Debbie Smith felt about it. I learned that not only did she support it, she and others helped craft it. When we reached out to Debbie and Rob to get their thoughts on the bill, they stated, ‘‘getting hits doesn’t mean as much if we cannot prosecute.’’ I agree with Debbie and Judge CARTER  on this very important point. The bill in front of us today makes a very small but important change to the Debbie Smith Act. That small change will increase the capacity of prosecutors to address the backlog of violent crime cases involving suspects identified through DNA evidence. This bill will allow victims of crime and their families to receive justice by giving prosecutors the tools they need to investigate, solve, and close cold cases. That small, but vitally important, change is why the Justice Served Act of 2018 is endorsed by the National District Attorneys Association; Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network; Debbie Smith; Major County Sheriffs of America; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association; Sergeants Benevolent Association; the Fraternal Order of Police; the National Association of Police Organizations; Consortium of Forensic Science Organizations; Joyful Heart Association; the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence; the Major Cities Chiefs; and the National Criminal Justice Association. We in this body should join these organizations in supporting this very important piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Texas, Judge CARTER , for introducing this legislation and all of his hard work in supporting it. To paraphrase Debbie and Rob, getting a hit is nice, but ensuring justice is served is better. Mr. Speaker, please join me in supporting the Justice Served Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me, from the beginning, acknowledge the ranking member for being on the floor on these important bills during this police and law enforcement week in commemoration. This week is one of the weeks that, over the years, all of us as Members have enjoyed the most, seeing a lot of our law enforcement representatives from our hometown jurisdiction and just seeing them from all over the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act of 2018. I thank my colleague, Mr. PASCRELL , my fellow Texan, Judge CARTER , and other Members for bringing this forward. This legislation would help ensure that prosecutors have the resources to go after perpetrators of violent crimes, specifically those who have been identified by DNA evidence. I want to just say that again, Mr. Speaker, violent crimes, which leave in their wake either the bloody loss of life or some victim that is ruined for life because of the viciousness of the crime, some of them children, families, the elderly. This is a very important element of law enforcement, the fair investigation of crimes and bringing forward the perpetrator in a fair and just and constitutional manner. To do so, they need tools. Congress has appropriated over $100 million per year for the last decade to reduce the DNA backlogs and improve crime laboratory capacity. The Justice Served Act of 2018 does something unique. It capitalizes on these investments by allowing a portion of the Debbie Smith Grant Program to be allocated to prosecute perpetrators of violent crimes. Mr. GOODLATTE is right. I remember meeting Ms. SMITH and the tragedy that she faced, but also the way in which she wanted to commit to making life better for many others. I thanked her for that as she appeared before our committee in years past. According to FBI data, over 1 million people were victims of violent crimes nationwide in 2016. And in many of these cases, especially cases involving sexual violence, DNA evidence is a crucial component of prosecuting the perpetrators. The Judiciary Committee is about to begin its effort of reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act, which my office has worked extensively with other Members who previously had great commitment to this legislation. We look forward to a bipartisan initiative. We know that in the elements of sex crimes and domestic violence, the DNA kits are extremely important, among other evidence that can be found. Prosecutors often, however, face large caseloads and lack the resources to properly ensure that violent crimes are adjudicated in a timely manner, even when a suspect has been identified through DNA evidence. H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act of 2018, encourages a resolution of this problem by providing additional resources, none to take away from the important work of the purpose of the act, but to add these additional resources as are available through this legislation. Prosecutors need to investigate, solve, and close these cases. Give them those resources to do so. Remember, investigating, solving, and closing have the component of making sure that we do justice as well. This includes additional funding for the prosecution of cold cases where new forensic technology has identified a suspect. It is important to note that the need for additional funding is not the only problem that impacts prosecutors’ ability to deal with perpetrators of violent crimes. According to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, RAINN, the overwhelming backlog of untested DNA evidence is currently one of the biggest obstacles to prosecuting perpetrators of sexual violence. Based on public reports, at least 100,000 rape kits sit untested in evidence rooms, warehouses, and the like. These rape kits often contain DNA evidence collected through a sexual assault forensic exam, a medical process where evidence is collected from a victim’s body or clothes. b1645 This evidence is a crucial factor in achieving justice, and it is vital that prosecutors have this evidence. So this legislation, the Debbie Smith Act, was passed to alleviate my comments that I just previously made, and it has been enacted since 2004, and it has made a great impact, but now we have the opportunity to use some of those resources to help move along some of these violent cases and to assist prosecutors, again, in the fair adjudication, the just adjudication, to bring justice to those who have suffered a violent criminal act, lost their life, and certainly enhanced the justice system. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4854, the ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’ and thank my colleague, Mr. PASCRELL and other Members for bringing this forward. This legislation would help ensure that prosecutors have the resources to go after perpetrators of violent crimes, specifically those who have been identified by DNA evidence. Congress has appropriated over $100 million per year for the last decade, to reduce the DNA backlogs and improve crime laboratory capacity. The ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’ capitalizes on these investments by allowing a portion of the Debbie Smith grant program to be allocated to prosecute perpetrators of violent crimes. According to FBI data, over a million people were victims of violent crimes nationwide, in 2016. In many of these cases, especially cases involving sexual violence, DNA evidence is a crucial component of prosecuting the perpetrators. Prosecutors, however, often face large caseloads and lack the resources to properly ensure that violent crimes are adjudicated in a timely manner, even when a suspect has been identified through DNA evidence. H.R. 4854 the ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’ encourages the resolution of this problem by providing additional resources prosecutors need to investigate, solve and close these cases. This includes additional funding for the prosecution of cold cases where new forensic technology has identified a suspect. It is important to note that the need for additional funding is not the only problem that impacts prosecutors’ ability to hold perpetrators of violent crimes accountable. According to the Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network, (RAINN), the overwhelming backlog of untested DNA evidence is currently one of the biggest obstacles to prosecuting perpetrators of sexual violence. 
Based on public reports, at least 100,000 rape kits have sat, untested, in evidence rooms, warehouses, and the like. These rape kits often contain DNA evidence collected through a sexual assault forensic exam, a medical process where evidence is collected from a victim’s body or clothes. This evidence is a crucial factor in achieving justice and it is vital that prosecutors have this evidence. In order to address the backlog, Congress passed the ‘‘Debbie Smith Act.’’ The Debbie Smith Act provides crucial funding to support public crime laboratories’ work to build capacity and process DNA evidence including evidence collected in rape kits. Since its enactment in 2004, the Debbie Smith Act has been renewed twice with overwhelming bipartisan support. This funding has significantly decreased the backlog of untested DNA evidence. The problem, however, continues to persist because of the overwhelming amount of evidence that needs to be analyzed. For example, in 2016, the Harris County Institute of Forensic Science, in Houston, received over 3,000 cases to be reviewed. Despite receiving federal grants, this lab continues to face difficulties in analyzing all the evidence in a timely manner. We in Congress need to make sure that we are allocating enough resources to ensure that these labs are able to meet the demand. Victims of violent crimes, especially victims of sexual violence, have the right to have their cases resolved as quickly as possible. They need to be able to move on, knowing that they are safe from the person who hurt them. It is therefore important that Congress continue to support efforts to ensure that states and local government have the resources to test and analyze DNA evidence and that prosecutors have the resources to go after these suspects. For these reasons I support this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), who has worked without ceasing on legislation that will help our law enforcement officers. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan piece of legislation, the Justice Served Act, H.R. 4854. As the lead Democrat sponsor of this piece of legislation and cochair of the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus, I want to thank Judge CARTER for authoring this bill. Currently, funding is available through the Debbie Smith Act to reduce the DNA rape kit backlog. However, these funds do not address the growing backlog in the prosecution pipeline. Unfortunately, this backlog is occurring because resources are limited and there are not enough funds to reopen every case, even when DNA analysis has identified a suspect. That is not acceptable. In my home State of New Jersey, we are well familiar with this issue. Due to a lack of resources and regulations, the extent of the untested rape kit backlog in New Jersey is unknown. That itself is unacceptable. Addressing the rape kit backlog would bring justice for the many rape victims across our State and many others; victims like a 15yearold girl who was assaulted while working at a deli in New Jersey a few years ago, and whose assaulter was finally brought to justice in 2013 using DNA evidence, but only after he assaulted another young woman. As a result, many of the rapists going undetected are repeat offenders. Countless assaults could be prevented and trauma spared if we caught these perpetrators the first time. And addressing the backlog can bring justice to the falsely accused as well. Last year, we learned the story of Rodney Roberts, a New Jersey man who was coerced by his own lawyer to plead guilty for the kidnapping and rape of a 17yearold girl in 1996, despite professing his innocence. For 10 years, Roberts appealed to have his DNA tested against the original rape kit, but prosecutors claimed it was nowhere to be found. Eventually, the rape kit was located and the DNA evidence cleared him of all wrongdoing in 2014, after he served 10 years in jail. There are too many incidents in which an untested rape kit is lost, prosecutors do not have resources, and innocent people are harmed. To address this funding gap, the Justice Served Act authorizes the Debbie Smith Act to provide prosecutors with the resources and the funds to reopen, investigate, and close cold cases. Going forward, I look forward to working with Judge CARTER to ensure that the Debbie Smith Act is properly funded so we can keep our promise to survivors of sexual assault. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the National District Attorneys Association, the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, and Debbie Smith for their support for H.R. 4854. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the Justice Served Act. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PASCRELL  for making that commitment that the resources under the Debbie Smith Act will still be viable and ready to be used for those sexual assault, sexual violence victims as this legislation was intended, but a provision in the bill allows the resources to also keep in line that nothing will undermine the investigation of sexual assault cases, sexual violence cases, but it allows the hand of justice to move on further for those who are the victims of violent crimes and to ensure that perpetrators of violent crimes are prosecuted as quickly as possible, again, under the equal and balanced hand of justice. So H.R. 4845, the Justice Served Act of 2018, provides funding to State and local prosecutors to help them tackle the backlog of violent crime cases, including cold cases, where suspects have been identified through DNA evidence. Certainly, there may be some overlap. I want to make it very clear to our victims of sex crimes, domestic violence, and other crimes dealing with those particular issues, that these dollars are enhanced dollars to be able to do the violent crimes. While it is important that State and local prosecutors have the resources they need, it is also important that Congress remain vigilant and continue to support efforts to clear the backlogs of untested and unanalyzed DNA evidence, including rape kits. The backlog in many jurisdictions is enormous. This was our intent, to move forward, to provide justice to those who have suffered, some have lost their life. So in the spirit of expanding justice to ensure that justice is for all, I rise to support this legislation in keeping with its initial purpose, to solve the backlog of DNA kits, and now to be able to assist in the solving and bringing to justice the perpetrators of violent crimes. Mr. Speaker, I again ask my colleagues to support the underlying legislation, I thank the sponsors of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, to paraphrase what Debbie and Rob Smith said, getting a hit is nice, but ensuring justice is served is even better. And it is, I think, a good amendment to the Debbie Smith Act that we allow these funds to be used for this purpose and close more of these cases that are solved by the DNA testing that was the original purpose of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, I thank Judge CARTER  for his fine work on it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4854. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SCHOOL RESOURCE OFFICER ASSESSMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5242) to require the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education to conduct a survey of all public schools to determine the number of school resource officers at such schools, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5242 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘School Resource Officer Assessment Act of 2018’’. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education shall jointly conduct and submit to Congress, a survey of the assignment of school resource officers at public elementary schools and secondary schools, which shall include, with respect to each such school that chose to respond to such survey, a determination of whether— (1) on or after January 1, 2018, such a school has been assigned a school resource officer; and (2) in the case of a school that has been assigned such an officer— (A) the number of such assignments; and (B) whether each such assignment is on a fulltime or parttime basis. 
TERMS .—The terms ‘‘elementary school’’ and ‘‘secondary school’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (2) SCHOOL RESOURCE OFFICER .—The term ‘‘school resource officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1709(4) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10389(4)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5242. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5242, the School Resource Officer Assessment Act of 2018. As we focus on our work in this Chamber this afternoon, it is fitting that we recognize that it is, as my colleagues have so far pointed out, National Police Week. One of my great privileges as a Member of Congress is to interact with members of the law enforcement community and see firsthand the selflessness and true sense of service that they bring to their work. Any one of us might say we want to protect and serve our communities, but it is these fine men and women who walk the walk every day. Their tireless efforts to improve public safety and build relationships across communities and with all of their fellow citizens deserve our appreciation and our total support and respect. One of the best ways we as legislators can support members of the law enforcement community is by using data and not emotion as the basis of the decisions we make here in Washington that impact the way local law enforcement officials have to do their jobs. H.R. 5242, the School Resource Officer Assessment Act of 2018, seeks to improve our decisions by providing better data on the work of law enforcement in schools. The research and evidence that comes from the appropriate use of data can improve our understanding of how these policies work and the best ways to support the efforts of community leaders across our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I commend the tireless sacrifices made by those in the law enforcement community and their families especially, and I thank them for their service. I simply urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5242. This legislation under consideration today will improve our understanding about the role of school resource officers. But we must acknowledge that this bill barely scratches the surface of what is actually required to keep our schools safe, and I urge this body to do more. In the wake of February’s tragic shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida, many have called for a socalled Federal focus on hardening of our schools, which includes increasing Federal dollars to hire more police officers and embracing the most harsh punishments for school discipline, and even allowing school teachers to carry firearms, despite the overwhelming evidence that many of these initiatives do more harm than good. In fact, anyone hoping for a discussion of evidencebased methods for preventing school violence must be profoundly disappointed at our reaction since February. Anyone hoping that the call for harsher school discipline would be sensitive to how it would be applied to students of color and those with disabilities must be disappointed. Anyone hoping this Chamber would find the political will to take a stand with parents, students, and the overwhelming majority of Americans to take action on sensible gun legislation must be disappointed. We have failed to act as one after another of these unthinkable tragedies have become commonplace. In the decades since the 1999 shooting at Columbine High School, States and districts have rushed to increase schoolbased law enforcement presence. The Parkland tragedy serves as a painful reminder that this effort has not, despite its best efforts, eliminated mass school shootings. Nearly two decades later, mass shootings in schools still persist, while student behavior has been criminalized, leading to millions of students entering the schooltoprison pipeline. H.R. 5242 would direct the Departments of Justice and Education to conduct voluntary data collection on school districts’ hiring of law enforcement officers. And I would remind my colleagues that we have a tool that collects a lot of data, not only on the presence of school officers, but also on how they impact school equity. b1700 I urge my colleagues to stand in defense of the Civil Rights Data Collection. That is the Civil Rights Data Collection which collects data on equity in education, data such as access to advanced placement courses, data on suspensions, data on access to preK and other questions of access and equity, and would call on the Trump administration to affirm its intent to maintain the integrity of that collection. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues to stand with students and parents in defense of civil rights under the guise of school safety. The Trump administration has signaled its intent to revoke the EducationJustice discipline guidance that provides districts with the tools to address racial disparities in discipline in a way that would not jeopardize school safety and ensure that school law enforcement officers are trained to serve in a school setting. Without a shred of evidence, Secretary DeVos has blamed mass school shootings on civil rights protections and the guidance that clarifies district level obligations under Federal civil rights law. I urge my colleagues to join me in calling on President Trump and Secretary DeVos to discontinue their misinformation campaign and maintain the entire socalled rethink discipline package. As districts rush to hire resource officers, this body must commit to maintaining resources that empower districts to do so without negatively impacting equity in education. Mr. Speaker, I also urge this body to increase investments in education. Teachers and students need access to mental health services, counseling, and evidencebased violence prevention programming. Teachers need comprehensive support, including increased salaries. The conversation on school safety that speaks only to hardening of the schools and hiring law enforcement officers will harm far more people than it will protect. Lastly, I urge this body to consider and pass commonsense gun safety legislation. Gun violence in and outside of the school is a public health epidemic that merits bold and bipartisan congressional support. Meanwhile, this bill does provide for the collection of data and the hiring of police officers in our schools. This information can be helpful as we decide how to best allocate resources to address school safety. Mr. Speaker, I therefore support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for supporting the bill. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), my good friend. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5242, the School Resource Officer Assessment Act of 2018, as amended. I am the author of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, so far, in 2018, there have been 21 school shootings that have resulted in injuries or loss of life. While it is impossible for us to anticipate every attempt and impossible to enact regulations that would prevent them, one thing we can do is to ensure that honorable, patriotic, public servants are available to guard our schools, students, and teachers against acts of violence. Considering the recent string of school shootings, it has become clear that increasing the use of school resource officers should play a major role in protecting our schools. Currently, there are 95,230 public schools in the United States. Our research has clarified that hard data does not exist regarding law enforcement assets at these schools. We estimate— and we can only estimate—that there may be a 30 percent utilization of school resource officers across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, the first step in promoting school safety is evaluating what SRO assets we have on the ground and how public schools are using them. After we have a clear understanding of the field, we in Congress will be able to more effectively direct resources to where they are most needed. That is why I have introduced this bill. My bill would simply give Congress the information we need to make effective decisions regarding school safety by requiring the U.S. Attorney General and the U.S. Secretary of Education to gather data regarding the number and status of school resource officers assigned to each public school in the United States. My bill is a commonsense, informationgathering bill that has bipartisan support and has been endorsed by the National Association of School Resource Officers. This legislation is the first piece of several initiatives I will be introducing and supporting to secure our schools. I would like to thank Chairwoman FOXXand Ranking Member S COTT, who are on the Education and the Workforce Committee, and their staffs for their help in getting this bill to the floor. I would also like to thank the cosponsors of my bill, in particular, Representative RUPPERSBERGER , for his help in this process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for introducing this bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), my friend, for introducing this bill. I am bringing it forward as an opportunity to support safer communities and those who take on the responsibility and make the sacrifices to make our schools safer. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HIGGINS for his service not just to this institution and to his constituents, but to the citizens of this country he protected as a military police officer, as well as those in Louisiana, where he served as local law enforcement. Like all of the men and women we honor for National Police Week this week, our colleague from Louisiana has ‘‘walked the walk’’ and it is an honor to serve with him. Mr. Speaker, I simply urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5242, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ZELDIN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5242, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MEDGAR EVERS HOME NATIONAL MONUMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4895) to establish the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4895 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medgar Evers Home National Monument Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) MONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the Medgar Evers Home National Monument established by section 3. (2) HISTORIC DISTRICT .—The term ‘‘Historic District’’ means the Medgar Evers Historic District, as included on the National Register of Historic Places, and as generally depicted on the Map. (3) MAP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Medgar Evers Home National Monument’’, numbered 515/142561, and dated February 2018. (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. (5) COLLEGE .—The term ‘‘College’’ means Tougaloo College, a private educational institution located in Tougaloo, Mississippi. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF MEDGAR EVERS HOME NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), there is established the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi as a unit of the National Park System to preserve, protect, and interpret for the benefit of present and future generations resources associated with Medgar Evers’ pivotal role in the American Civil Rights Movement. (2) CONDITIONS .—The Monument shall not be established until the date on which the Secretary— (A) has entered into a written agreement with the College providing that all parcels within the Medgar Evers Home National Monument boundary as depicted on the Map shall be donated to the United States for inclusion in the Monument to be managed consistently with the purposes of the Monument; and (B) has otherwise acquired sufficient land or interests in land within the boundaries of the Monument to constitute a manageable unit. (b) BOUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the Monument shall be the boundaries as generally depicted on the Map. (c) AVAILABILITY OF MAP.—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (d) ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may only acquire any land or interest in land located within the boundary of the Monument by— (1) donation; (2) purchase with donated funds; or (3) exchange. (e) ADMINISTRATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall administer the Monument in accordance with— (A) this Act; and (B) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including— (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sections 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) MANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to the Secretary for this purpose, the Secretary shall prepare a general management plan for the Monument in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) On completion of the general management plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit it to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. (f) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— (1) MONUMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement with the College for interpretive and educational programming related to the Monument, and may enter into other cooperative agreements for the purposes of carrying out this Act. (2) HISTORIC DISTRICT .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with the owner of a nationally significant property within the Historic District, to identify, mark, interpret, improve, restore, and provide technical assistance with respect to the preservation and interpretation of the property. (g) NOBUFFER ZONES .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Monument, or the management of the Monument shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Monument. The fact that an activity or use can be seen, heard, or detected from within the Monument shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside of the Monument. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I know this is somewhat unusual, but I really would like to have the sponsor of this bill have the first opportunity to speak towards it. It is one of my favorites, so I am going to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON). Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for being so kind in yielding. Mr. Speaker, today the House will consider H.R. 4895, the Medgar Evers Home National Monument Act, a bipartisan bill to designate the home of civil rights leader Medgar Evers as a national monument. Located in Jackson, Mississippi, the Evers family home, which was designated a national historic landmark in 2017, is hallowed ground for those of us who lived through the struggle for racial equality and desegregation. That singlestory ranchstyle house bore witness to one of the most consequential moments in the civil rights era: the assassination of Medgar Wiley Evers, a son of Mississippi, who was assassinated in his driveway by those who saw his efforts at making America a more perfect and just Union as a threat. Through his work for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, Medgar Evers earned an indelible place in the annals of American history and the civil rights movement. Mr. Evers was a hero for change, resistance, and equal rights for AfricanAmerican citizens in this country. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to, in my capacity as a Congressman of the Second Congressional District of Mississippi, author this legislation to honor the sacrifice of not just civil rights icon Medgar Evers, but his widow, Myrlie, by designating their home as a national monument. Medgar Evers had a vision to defeat injustice for African Americans in the State of Mississippi as well as throughout the United States. Born in Decatur, Mississippi, Mr. Evers lived through the Jim Crow South and wrangled with the overwhelming plight of racial discrimination headon. Mr. Evers was a 1952 graduate of what is now known as Alcorn State University, a great institution situated in my district. After graduating, Evers worked on the Regional Council of Negro Leadership, which provided him with critical training in activism. Then, in 1954, he applied to the University of Mississippi School of Law, and despite the landmark Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision, his application was rejected. After the rejection by the University of Mississippi School of Law, Mr. Evers accepted the position of State field secretary for the NAACP. Over a 9year period, Mr. Evers crisscrossed the State, working to get African Americans involved in civil rights activism and to register to vote. Even though racial discrimination and oppression had polluted the minds of an overwhelming majority of Whites in Mississippi and throughout the South, Mr. Evers led many of the fights against injustice. His dogged pursuit for justice made him a target for hate, and on June 12, 1963, Mr. Evers was gunned down in the driveway of his home and later died at a local hospital. Designating the home of Medgar Evers a national monument will be an everlasting tribute to his legacy and journey that countless Americans undertook for equality. This legislation is of great personal importance to me because I, like many others, was inspired by the magnitude of the determination of Mr. Evers to dedicate himself to others and fight against adversity. I am honored to walk the path paved by such a civil rights icon. H.R. 4895 is a bipartisan measure. Representative ROBBISHOP of Utah is an original cosponsor. Additionally, it adds significant support from stakeholders. I received letters of support for H.R. 4895 from Tougaloo College, the Mississippi Department of Archives and History, and the Jackson Historic Preservation Commission. Mr. Speaker, I include these letters of support in the RECORD . 
TOUGALOO COLLEGE , Tougaloo, MS, January 29, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP : I have discussed with the leadership of Tougaloo College’s Board of Trustees the plan to designate the Medgar Evers Home Museum as a national monument through congressional legislation. We have reviewed the proposed draft legislation and spoken with Congressman Bennie G. Thompson, our congressional representative. We have also spoken with the Mrs. Myrlie Evers Williams and her daughter. We have received no opposition to the plan to move forward with this designation through congressional legislation. We support the transfer of ownership to the National Park Services, if the legislation passes. We are inspired by the distinction this designation would mean for the Medgar Evers Home and the legacy of Medgar Evers. We are also encouraged to know the Home would be maintained by the National Park Services. We are equally encouraged that there will be opportunities for the College to continue to play a role with the Home through interpretative and educational programming as well as other learning opportunities that might be available for our students. Thank you for contacting Tougaloo College. We look forward to hearing from you regarding the next steps. Sincerely, BEVERLY W. H OGAN , President. 
MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT OF ARCHIVES AND HISTORY , H ISTORIC  PRESERVATION DIVISION , Jackson, MS, February 5, 2018. Re Medgar Evers National Monument. Mr. TERRY CAMP, Professional Staff, Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands. DEAR MR. CAMP: The Mississippi Department of Archives and History (MDAH) is pleased to know that the Committee of Natural Resources will be considering House Bill 4895, which would establish the Medgar and Myrlie Evers House in Jackson, Mississippi, as a National Monument. The Medgar and Myrlie Evers House was designated as a Mississippi Landmark in 1993 and for the past two decades, MDAH has worked closely with the property’s owner, Tougaloo College, on the house’s restoration. In 2017, the Medgar and Myrlie Evers House was designated as a National Historic Landmark by the Secretary of the Interior. Thanks to all those efforts, the house is now an important venue for telling the stories of Mississippi’s Civil Rights struggle and explaining how the dedication and labors of one couple changed not only Mississippi but the nation as a whole. With the recent opening of the new Mississippi Civil Rights Museum, those stories have an even wider audience. We certainly appreciate the efforts of Congressman Thompson in drafting this legislation and join our friends and colleagues at Tougaloo College in wholeheartedly endorsing House Bill 4895. Sincerely, KENNETH H. P’P OOL, Deputy State Historic Preservation Officer. 
JACKSON HISTORIC PRESERVATION  COMMISSION , Jackson, MS, February 5, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP : I have reviewed the Bill H.R. 4895 and the Legislative Hearing Memo on this bill with other Jackson Historic Preservation Commissioners. I enthusiastically support the establishment of the Medgar Evers National Monument under the purview of the National Park Service. Medgar Evers was Field Secretary for the NAACP in Mississippi from January 1955 until his assassination on 12 June 1963, in front of this house. The house was designated as Jackson local landmark in 1992 and the neighborhood surrounding the house was designated a local historic district, called the Medgar Evers Neighborhood Historic District, in 1994. We are inspired by the establishment of the Medgar Evers National Monument would mean for the Medgar Evers Home, the legacy of Medgar Evers, and for the Medgar Evers historic neighborhood. We are also encouraged that there will be opportunities for Jackson Historic Preservation Commission to continue to play a role in preserving Medgar Evers Neighborhood Historic District. Thank you for contacting Jackson Historic Preservation Commission. As the chairman of Jackson Historic Preservation Commission, I urge the committee to offer favorable consideration to this request for establishing 
the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes. Sincerely, JEFFSEABOLD , Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his very kind yielding of time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for, one, chronicling the legacy and untimely death of Medgar Evers, a favorite son of Mississippi and civil rights hero, and also for his personal remarks on how he inspired him. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. THOMP SON introducing this bill, and introducing it with his remarks so far. This is an important one to me, too, which is why I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill. I remember this gentleman, and I remember the events of his assassination. I think it had an impact on everybody. Medgar Evers was born in 1925 and served in the military during World War II in both Germany and France and then became one of those who fought to try and integrate a law school in the 1950s. He was assassinated, as Mr. THOMP SONsaid, in 1963, and I clearly remember watching that on the news at the time and being impacted by it. b1715 Mr. SOTOprobably wasn’t even born then, but the rest of us still remember this event going on there. He tragically died within an hour after that shooting and is now buried in Arlington National Cemetery. The home was donated to Tougaloo University, and it is currently being operated as a museum with period pieces, as well as the memorabilia that talks about the legacy of this icon of the civil rights movement. I am happy that we are doing this particular bill, because these are the kinds of projects that should be national monuments. These are the historical sites that need to be in the National Park System so that people can go there, they can learn, and, more importantly, so they can remember. Because it is in forgetting in which we sin; in remembering is when we will never forget the legacy of Medgar Evers and what he sacrificed to move this country forward in some particular way. So I commend Representative THOMPSON for introducing this legislation. I am very proud of the way we are doing it. This is the proper way of creating a national monument: by legislative action and going through the legislative process, during the hearing, during the committee, bringing it to the floor, and then taking it over to the Senate. I expect this to be passed very quickly. I expect this to become a reality. And I expect this to be an illustration of how Congress should be creating national monuments going forward in the future. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, while I was born 15 years after the untimely death of Mr. Medgar Evers, we live in a more just and perfect union as a result of his sacrifices. So I thank his sacrifices and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP SON) for bringing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I will not say the gentleman is just a child. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4895, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BLACK HILLS NATIONAL CEMETERY BOUNDARY EXPANSION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 35) to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 35 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) CEMETERY .—The term ‘‘Cemetery’’ means the Black Hills National Cemetery in Sturgis, South Dakota. (2) FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 200 acres of Bureau of Land Management land adjacent to the Cemetery, generally depicted as ‘‘Proposed National Cemetery Expansion’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Expansion of Black Hills National CemeterySouth Dakota’’ and dated June 16, 2016. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. SEC. 3. TRANSFER AND WITHDRAWAL OF BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT LAND FOR CEMETERY USE. 
BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Before the transfer of administrative jurisdiction and withdrawal of the Federal land under subsections (b) and (c), respectively, and subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall complete any appropriate environmental, cultural resource, and other due diligence activities on the Federal land that would enable the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to confirm that the Federal land is suitable for cemetery purposes. (2) NOTICE ; REQUIRED COORDINATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) before conducting any due diligence activities under paragraph (1), notify the Secretary of the activities to be conducted; (B) as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines to be necessary in the conduct of the due diligence activities under paragraph (1), coordinate the activities with the Secretary; and (C) if the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines, on completion of the due diligence activities under paragraph (1), that the Federal land is suitable for cemetery purposes, submit written notice of the determination to the Secretary. (b) TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC TION.— (1) TRANSFER .— (A) IN GENERAL .—On receipt by the Secretary of written notice of a determination that the Federal land is suitable for cemetery purposes under subsection (a)(2)(C), except as provided in subparagraph (B), and subject to valid existing rights, administrative jurisdiction over the Federal land is transferred from the Secretary to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for use as a national cemetery in accordance with chapter 24 of title 38, United States Code. (B) EXCLUSION .—The transfer of administrative jurisdiction over the Federal land under subparagraph (A) shall not include the land located within 100 feet of the center of the Centennial Trail, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Expansion of Black Hills National CemeterySouth Dakota’’ and dated June 16, 2016. (2) LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice containing a legal description of the Federal land. (B) EFFECT .—A legal description published under subparagraph (A) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical and typographical errors in the legal description. (C) AVAILABILITY .—Copies of the legal description published under subparagraph (A) shall be available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of— (i) the Bureau of Land Management; and (ii) the National Cemetery Administration. (D) COSTS.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall reimburse the Secretary for the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this paragraph, including the costs of any surveys and other reasonable costs. (c) WITHDRAWAL .—On receipt by the Secretary of written notice of a determination that the Federal land is suitable for cemetery purposes under subsection (a)(2)(C) and subject to valid existing rights, the Federal land— (1) is withdrawn from all forms of appropriation under the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws; and 
(2) shall be treated as property as defined under section 102(9) of title 40, United States Code. (d) BOUNDARY MODIFICATION .—The boundary of the Cemetery is modified to include the Federal land. (e) MODIFICATION OF PUBLIC LANDORDER .— Public Land Order 2112, dated June 6, 1960 (25 Fed. Reg. 5243), is modified to exclude the Federal land. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), who is the House sponsor of this particular bill and who has done so much work on this. I allow her to introduce this piece of legislation that is so significant to her State. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman as well for all of his help getting this bill done. I rise today in support of the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it. This morning, I was up at 4 a.m. and got to the Sioux Falls Airport by 5 a.m. to greet a group of veterans who were taking an Honor Flight. They were getting on a plane and heading to Washington, D.C. to see their monuments and to spend some time with family and guardians reminiscing about their service to this country. I was reminded about the sacrifices that they have made to defend our liberty and our freedoms in this country. They were looking forward to it. As I listened to their stories and heard about their time overseas and in country, but also on ships and field, it was overwhelming to me what all they had done and what they had experienced in service to this country. In fact, one of the men was in his eighties, and it was going to be the first time today that he actually flew on an airplane. When he was in the Navy, he took a train to the coast and got on a ship. He was excited about this, not only being an opportunity to honor his service, but also to have new experiences along the way. As I thought about them all day traveling out to D.C. and doing our work here, and the fact that this bill was going to be on the floor today, I was reminded again and again that South Dakota has a long and honorable history of service. In fact, we have one of the highest service rates in the Nation in our State. It is a small State, but they are highly patriotic, and they love this country. The fact that the Black Hills National Cemetery needs room to grow is a testament to the sheer number of patriotic South Dakotans who have answered their country’s call to serve. I am honored to have championed this legislation in Congress for several years, and I am proud to say that the House has passed it twice already. Today is going to be different though. Today, with all of your support, we can finally do right by our veterans and send this bill to President Trump for his signature. Allowing the Black Hills National Cemetery to expand is the very least that we can do to honor these great patriots who have served our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 35 transfers jurisdiction of approximately 200 acres of public land from the Bureau of Land Management to the National Cemetery Administration to extend the Black Hills National Cemetery. Burial in a national cemetery is open to all members of the Armed Forces who have met a minimum of Active Duty service requirement and were discharged under certain conditions. BLM offered their general support for this bill when it was considered during a Senate hearing. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill that honors our Nation’s fallen heroes who fought to protect the freedoms we enjoy today, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the gentlewoman from South Dakota on her hard work on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is talking about 200 acres of public property that needs to be used by a national cemetery that was created back in 1948 as the final resting place of people who gave their last and gave their all for the defense of this country. It includes the final resting place of Medal of Honor Recipient Sergeant Charles Winthrop. A memorial to Korean war veterans is there. And 16 years ago, it was made part of the National Cemetery System. It is significant that we are doing this particular process right now. I think it is important that both the Bureau of Land Management and the Veterans Affairs Department are both in support of this transfer, because this illustrates not only the significance of this cemetery and what it allows people to do, to honor those who have given their all for this Nation, but it allows us to have the proper use of public lands. Here are now 200 acres of public land that is going to be used for a public purpose, and that is the reason you have public lands in the first place. If this 200 acres were simply to sit there with nothing to do, then there is no reason for anybody to own it in the first place. But having public lands now used for a public purpose that elevates, enlightens, and ennobles us is how you are supposed to be using public lands. So I am appreciative of Representative NOEM for introducing this bill on several occasions. The last time it actually came to this floor, we voted on it. It was a tough vote; it was 407–0. I am grateful it finally has a Senate sponsor and the Senate has actually done something to send us this bill back so we can allow Representative NOEMto do what she does best in pushing things forward for the State of South Dakota in a positive and selfless way, and I am looking forward to the vote on this one. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure. I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 5, 2018. Hon. ROBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning S. 35, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important bill, I am willing to waive this committee’s right to sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on S. 35 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you. Sincerely, DAVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, April 10, 2018. Hon. DAVID P. R OE, Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : S. 35, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act, was ordered favorably reported on March 14, 2018, by unanimous consent. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs represented 
on the conference committee. Finally, to memorialize our understanding, I would be pleased to include your letter and this response in the Congressional Record when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your response and cooperation. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, ROBBISHOP , Chairman. 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 35. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
OREGON TRIBAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1285) to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1285 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPROVAL NOT REQUIRED TO VALIDATE LAND TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, without further approval, ratification, or authorization by the United States, the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes may lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of its interests in any real property that is not held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe. (b) TRUST LAND NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing in this section shall— (1) authorize the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of an interest in any real property that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe; or (2) affect the operation of any law governing leasing, selling, conveying, warranting, or otherwise transferring any interest in such trust land. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to speak to this particular piece of legislation. This bill will clarify that five recognized tribes in the State of Oregon may buy, sell, lease, or otherwise convey land that they own in fee without approval from the Federal Government. Some of the earliest laws passed by Congress after the ratification of the Constitution reserves to the United States the exclusive right to acquire Indian lands. These laws are commonly called the Trade and Intercourse Acts. The acts were meant to protect Indian tribes by preventing the loss of their lands, except by treaty. It does so by preventing the transfer, sale, lease, or other conveyance of land owned by an Indian tribe to third parties without Federal approval. This bill, S. 1285, would clarify that the five tribes named in this bill may do this job without Federal review or approval. The bill benefits other tribes in a similar fashion were also considered by the Natural Resources Committee and enacted into law during the 106th, 113th, and 114th Congresses as well. This particular bill, which passed by unanimous consent in December, truly shows that despite what some Members are quoted as saying in the press, the Natural Resources Committee is, in fact, still a productive committee after all. In fact, we have been the most active House committee next to the Rules Committee. We have already marked up 147 bills and reported out 114 of these bills. No other committee has reached the 100 mark. I guess that is a plus. If it is, then we did it. The House has passed 92 of these bills, and 23 have been signed into law. We hope to change that to 93 and 24 respectively. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I want to congratulate the chairman on having a productive committee. I appreciate that one of those bills was from our own office. We will keep them coming, hopefully. Back to the bill at hand. Almost 200 years ago, the Indian Nonintercourse Act was enacted with the intention of protecting Indian tribes by preventing the loss of their lands. It does so by preventing the transfer, sale, lease, or other conveyance of any land owned by an Indian tribe to third parties without Federal approval. This prohibition applies to both trust and tribally owned fee lands. Although a number of laws have been passed over the centuries that effectively supersede the Nonintercourse Act, the actual act has never been repealed. Therefore, relief from the act is sometimes necessary so that a tribe may manage their fee lands efficiently and put them to productive use. This is what S. 1285 would do. It clarifies that these seven Oregon tribes have the authority to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer their tribally owned fee lands without approval from the Federal Government. The bill also clarifies that this authority does not apply to trust lands. Congress has previously enacted similar laws for other Indian tribes, so this measure is not unprecedented. In closing, I want to thank our colleague from Oregon, Congressman PETER DEFAZIO, for his sponsorship of the House version of this bill and his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1285, the Senate companion to my bipartisan bill, H.R. 3225, the Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act. Last year a federallyrecognized tribe in my District, the Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw, alerted me that it was unable to obtain a commercial mortgage to purchase a storage unit facility. A local financial institution was concerned that under the arcane Indian NonIntercourse Act (INIA), it was afraid it would not be able to repossess the property should the tribe be unable to make mortgage payments. Many of my colleagues are not familiar with the INIA, with good reason. The law is over 180 years old, and prohibits a tribe from buying, selling or leasing land. Under the law, Congress, not the Bureau of Indian Affairs, is required to approve every potential transaction. Typically, the INIA has not prevented tribes from buying, selling or leasing land. However, some financial institutions, as in the case in my District, have interpreted it to mean that Congress act. 
Over the years, Congress has appropriately passed laws excluding individual tribes from the INIA. First, the INIA is completely unworkable. Congress has a hard enough time passing legislation, for better or worse, that affects thousands or millions of Americans. It is not remotely possible we could pass a law every time a tribe requests to buy, sell or lease property. Additionally, the INIA is a road block to a tribe’s economic development. For hundreds of years, terrible federal Indian policy decimated tribes through displacement, disease, and discrimination. In my District, the INIA made it impossible for the Tribe to function as the sovereign nation it is to benefit its members. S. 1285 would clarify that INIA does not apply to five Oregon tribes, and only in the case of fee land. Land held in trust is not affected by this bill. It is bipartisan, and does not cost the government a dime. It is past time to ensure Oregon tribes are allowed to engage in real property transactions without the threat of a 180 yearold law standing in the way. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1285. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1730 NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT MUSEUM EXHIBITS ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1417) to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1417 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Law Enforcement Museum Exhibits Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITY OF NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT MUSEUM TO ACQUIRE, RECEIVE, POSSESS, COLLECT, SHIP, TRANSPORT, IMPORT, AND DISPLAY FIREARMS. 
The National Law Enforcement Museum Act (Public Law 106–492) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. AUTHORITY OF MUSEUM TO ACQUIRE, RECEIVE, POSSESS, COLLECT, SHIP, TRANSPORT, IMPORT, AND DISPLAY FIREARMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law, or any law or any rule or regulations of a State or any political subdivision thereof, the Museum may acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms (as defined in section 921(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code, or section 5845(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) in fulfilling the purposes of the Museum. ‘‘(b) DEFINITION OF STATE .—In subsection (a), the term ‘State’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and the possessions of the United States.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ), the dean of Congress, if he has been able to catch his breath, having cut this as close as is possible. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, this is sort of like ice breaking up: right on the pin of the point, you actually win. And I thank the gentleman for waiting for me. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1417 is a simple, straightforward bill that will treat the National Law Enforcement Museum as if it were a Federal museum for purposes of obtaining, transferring, and displaying certain classes of firearms. The National Law Enforcement Museum is scheduled to open this fall. It was authorized by an act of Congress and is being built on Federal property. The museum is dedicated to telling the story of American law enforcement by providing visitors a ‘‘walk in the shoes’’ experience. The museum is working to expand and enrich the relationship shared by law enforcement and the community through the museum’s educational journeys, immersive exhibitions, and insightful programs. The National Law Enforcement Museum was created to provide visitors with an opportunity to ‘‘walk in the shoes’’ of law enforcement, giving them a behindthescenes look and allowing them to gain historical perspective on how law enforcement has helped shape our society and culture. Through fun, immersive, and educational exhibits such as Take the Case, 911 Emergency Ops, and the Training Simulator, visitors will gain a sense of what it takes to be a law enforcement professional. These interactive experiences will give visitors a firsthand look into almost every facet of law enforcement, while they learn about the daytoday complexities of safeguarding our communities. Visitors will also be able to experience the personal side of law enforcement through reallife stories of the men and women behind the badge, told throughout the museum, and gain a greater appreciation for those who have in fact made the ultimate sacrifice to keep peace within our communities, especially in the great Hall of Remembrance: law enforcement officers. Mr. Speaker, may I say that a lot of times in the modern day media I hear the term ‘‘cop,’’ I hear that something is wrong. People respect our law enforcement officers and what they face every day, especially with the national media and the pressures they have with them constantly exposing them as the bad guys. I really believe if we didn’t have them, we would really be in trouble. This is a simple bill that takes care of a problem, and I hope we can pass it unanimously. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 1417 will allow the National Law Enforcement Museum to display firearms associated with the history of law enforcement in the United States. This bill was developed in cooperation with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms to ensure that the museum is authorized to display these items without jeopardizing public safety. The National Law Enforcement Enforcement Museum was authorized by Congress in 2000, and is scheduled to open in Washington, D.C., later this year. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the brave men and women in uniform who keep us safe every day by supporting this bill, and I share Congressman YOUNG ’s concern about making sure that we are honoring our fellow law enforcement officers. It was just this past year that we lost several law enforcement officers from central Florida, including in my district. On Sunday, I found myself going to the Law Enforcement Memorial to plant a rose next to the picture of one of our fallen officers, Lieutenant Clayton, whom we lost this past year. She was also a dear friend of Congresswoman DEMINGS . In addition, we lost Sergeant Howard and Officer Baxter of the Kissimmee Police Department, who were killed in the line of duty this past year. We also honor them. These are opportunities for us to remember that these officers put their lives on the line every day to make sure that we are safe. Sergeant Howard, Officer Baxter, and Lieutenant Clayton faced dangers, and we need to memorialize them. We also lost Deputy Norman Lewis from Orange County, as well, who served under Sheriff Jerry Demings, husband of Congresswoman DEMINGS . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to stand and support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to adopt it. 
The National Law Enforcement Museum will showcase the great work that is done by those who are in the law enforcement profession, but it is also going to have interactive exhibits designed to give visitors a firsthand experience of the life of law enforcement officers. It seems strange that we have to do this by actual legislation, but this is an amendment to the National Law Enforcement Museum Act that simply will allow the museum to acquire, ship, import, and display firearms. If we don’t do this, obviously, that doesn’t take place, which detracts from the entire experience of the museum in the first place. I commend Mr. YOUNG for introducing this piece of legislation. It seems like it is strange that we have to go to these lengths to do something so logical, but it is the right thing to do, and I appreciate his efforts to do that. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, just to close, I would like to take a moment to remember Sergeant Howard, Officer Baxter, Lieutenant Clayton, and Deputy Lewis, who lost their lives this past year protecting our communities in Orlando and Kissimmee. I also appreciate Mr. YOUNG from Alaska for putting forth this bill and the chairman for managing the bill today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1417. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 181 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 182. 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF HOUSE THAT CONGRESS AND THE PRESIDENT SHOULD EMPOWER CREATION OF POLICE AND COMMUNITY ALLIANCES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 285) expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances designed to enhance and improve communication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement community and the public they serve, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 377, nays 2, not voting 48, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson 
Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barletta Beyer Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Clyburn Cole Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney Doyle, Michael F. Emmer Evans Gowdy Gutie´rrez Issa Johnson, E. B. Labrador Larsen (WA) Lujan Grisham, M. Marino McNerney McSally Messer Mullin O’Rourke Richmond Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Rutherford Shuster Sinema Smucker Thompson (PA) Tsongas Visclosky Walz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Woodall 
b1909 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained due to pressing business in my Congressional District. Had I been present on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on H.R. 613, Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer SelfProtection Act of 2017, ‘‘yes,’’ on H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act, and ‘‘yes,’’ on H. Res. 285. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPONSOR OF H.R. 1017 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the primary sponsor of H.R. 1017, a bill originally introduced by Representative DENT of Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPONSOR OF H.R. 1960 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the primary sponsor of H.R. 1960, a bill originally introduced by Representative Slaughter of New York, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPONSOR OF H.R. 5505 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the primary sponsor of H.R. 5505, a bill originally introduced by Representative DENT of Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, cops, police, law enforcement—they are the men and women in uniform who display bravery and courage while protecting our citizens each and every day, and it is not without risk. It is National Police Week, when officers and their families from around the country have traveled here to Washington to remember their loved ones and those who have given the ultimate sacrifice. In Minnesota alone, there are 440 law enforcement agencies made up of 10,000 Minnesotans who put on their uniform every day, working diligently to protect our communities. Every year, new names, unfortunately, are added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial here in Washington. 129 officers were killed in 2017. Sadly, one of those whom we honor and remember is Officer Bill Matthews from Wayzata, Minnesota. I thank our police and law enforcement, Mr. Speaker, for their service and providing that thin blue line for protecting and for serving. 
b1915 DISMISSAL OF THE WHITE HOUSE CYBER COORDINATOR (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today National Security Advisor John Bolton eliminated the position of special assistant to the President and cybersecurity adviser. I could not more strongly disagree with that decision. As the cochair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus, I have followed the work of the executive branch very closely on this issue over many years. I have had my critiques of President Bush, of President Trump, and, yes, even of President Obama. But always, from President Clinton through the current administration, I have always felt that we are moving in the right direction in better protecting the country in cyberspace—even if too slowly and with a few bumps along the way Today, we took a giant step backwards. Cybersecurity, Mr. Speaker, is the economic and national security challenge of the 21st century, and as such, 
we need to be increasing our focus on it, not weakening it. I have respected and admired the work of our three cybersecurity coordinators, the late Howard Schmidt, Michael Daniel, and President Trump’s pick, Rob Joyce. I am sorry that their legacy is being tarnished today. I have introduced legislation with my friend, Mr. LIEU, to reinstate and empower the coordinator position, and I hope that the House moves to take it up quickly. Our national security demands no less. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize National Police Week, as well as National Peace Officers Memorial Day. This week allows us to take the time to honor local, State, and Federal officers who have died or have been disabled in the line of duty. This week is an opportunity to pay tribute to the important men and women who have served our country and put our lives in front of their own. In 2017, 129 officers made the ultimate sacrifice. Of that, one of them lived in the 25th District of Texas that I represent. Mr. Speaker, I would like everyone to know the name of Deputy Mark Gregory Deibold of the Tarrant County Constable’s Office, Precinct 5. Mark’s watch ended on Thursday, September 7, 2017. This hero served his community, State, and country well, and he is more than deserving of our praise and recognition. Thank you for your service, Mark. May God bless this hero’s family. God bless the United States of America. In God We Trust. 
U.S. MATERNAL MORTALITY RATES (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. State Department uses maternal mortality rates as one of its key metrics for evaluating how much a country values its women. By our own standards, the United States is failing that test as we rank just 47th for maternal mortality rate—the highest of any developed nation—and we remain one of the few countries that is actually seeing its rate of maternal mortality increase. Our medical technology leads the world, and we spend more on healthcare than any other nation, but what we need is a commitment—a national commitment—to bringing together the experts, stakeholders, and, yes, resources to end preventable maternal deaths. That is why I am proud to have introduced the Ending Maternal Mortality Act with Congresswoman JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER . Our legislation requires Federal health officials to develop a national strategy to combat maternal mortality with the goal of halving the rate of maternal mortality in the next decade and eliminating preventable maternal deaths entirely in the next 20 years. 
JERUSALEM: THE RIGHTFUL CAPITAL OF ISRAEL (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for over 3,000 years, the official capital of Israel has been Jerusalem, no matter what the Palestinians say. Yesterday, the United States officially moved its embassy to Jerusalem, but the terrorist group Hamas and Iran object to Jerusalem being designated as the capital of Israel. So do the arrogant French and a few other European and Middle Eastern countries. But every nation decides for themselves where their capital should be, and wouldn’t France be indignant if the world community demanded that Versailles be the capital of France rather than Paris? The antiSemitic capital uproar is just another example of how these nations do not believe Israel has the right to exist. Israel’s government is located in Jerusalem. Our new embassy recognizes that fact. Thanks to President Trump’s bold leadership, the United States will no longer deny Israel’s selfdetermined right to have Jerusalem as its political, cultural, and spiritual center of the Jewish state—whether the rest of the world likes it or not. And that is just the way it is. 
INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, this week is Infrastructure Week. With every day that passes, the need for Federal infrastructure investment grows more and more urgent. Robust and reliable infrastructure is the foundation for economic success and security. But for too long, the United States has underinvested in our infrastructure. Today our bridges, our roads, our tunnels, our canals, and even our dams are crumbling. It is so bad that the American Society of Civil Engineers gives our Nation’s infrastructure a grade of D. That is really a shame. All across this great country, our constituents are begging us to rebuild America’s infrastructure. Instead of that, the President has put forth a plan that will sell off Main Street to Wall Street and his rich friends. Mr. Speaker, that is not going to work for the American people. My colleagues and I have a trilliondollar plan that will rebuild bridges and roads. It would fix our airports and schools, and it would put 16 million people to work. That is what the American people deserve. f 
HEART SHIELD BIBLE (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rick Mansfield, an airman in the U.S. Air Force and Vietnam veteran from the town of Vienna in Oneida County. He recently gave me a World War II artifact belonging to Sergeant Joseph J. Benenati. It is called a Heart Shield Bible, and I have it in my hand. These are now fading from use, and this particular one is very faded. It has a goldleaf steel cover with the words ‘‘God’s Weapon’’ engraved on the front. Sergeant Benenati was a New York State police officer and U.S. marine who served in the Pacific theater, and he was the Chenango County sheriff in my district for 21 years. Sadly, in 2011, at the age of 97, Sergeant Benenati passed away. Sergeant Benenati’s Heart Shield Bible is one that was given to World War II soldiers by their loved ones to protect them in battle. These Bibles were designed to fit securely in the chest pocket of a soldier’s uniform. The metal plates were securely attached to the front cover of the Bible to stop a bullet from reaching the soldier’s heart. I would like to thank Rick Mansfield for giving me this truly invaluable piece of history. I would also like to extend my sincere appreciation to former airman Rick Mansfield as well as Sergeant Joseph Benenati for their honorable service to our great Nation. 
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT IS PROTECTING CHILDREN’S HEALTH (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, more than 24 million people in the United States are affected by asthma. Of that, more than 6 million are children. The children who live with asthma must limit their physical activities or even miss schooldays because of lung disease that is linked to outdoor air pollution. But if we act now, future generations will not have to face such a reality. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on our Nation’s leaders to protect human health and promote a healthy environment for this generation and the next. Last month I introduced the Healthy Environment for Children Act because our children deserve an environment that will not hurt, hinder, or force them to live indoors. The Healthy Environment for Children Act would prohibit any reduction, consolidation, or 
termination of the National Center for Environmental Research, also known as the NCER, and its affiliated programs. By preventing such changes, my bill will safeguard critical research into the effect of chemicals, climate change, and air quality on children’s health. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. I urge you to think of our future and to bring this bill to the floor for a vote. 
CANN PARK OPERATION (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of agents with the Savannah Police Department. In 2016, gangs that were regularly trafficking drugs and guns in the Cann Park neighborhood just south of Savannah’s downtown were identified by the Savannah Police Department and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives as part of a 6 month undercover investigation. In this joint operation, local law enforcement arrested 24 gang members, confiscating their drugs and firearms. Since the police apprehended these individuals, crime has sharply decreased in Cann Park—a 40 percent drop in violent crimes and a 75 percent drop in aggravated assaults with guns. Members of the operation team, ATF’s Special Agent Lee Hoover, SPD’s Sergeant Samuel Hunt, III, and Detective Michael Dobson, have been invited to Washington, D.C., to receive the TOP COPS award. This award pays tribute to the bravery that our law enforcement officers exhibit every day risking their lives to improve the quality of life for our citizens. I am glad to see these officers getting the recognition that they so richly deserve. 
37TH ANNUAL PEACE OFFICERS’ MEMORIAL (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, each day law enforcement officers all across our Nation risk their lives to keep our communities safe. Today at the 37th Annual Peace Officers’ Memorial, we remembered the 21,541 fallen officers lost in the history of our Nation. It was an honor to sit in solidarity with the families of Officer Gil Vega and Lesley Zerebny, two fallen heroes from my district. I am proud to welcome Officer Vega’s wife, Susana; daughters, Andrea and Vanessa; son, Isaac; and grandchildren, Marshal, Raul, and Sophia; and sonin law, Raul, who are in the House gallery with us today. It is our solemn duty to honor and respect the sacrifice of our law enforcement and their families, and I am humbled to author H.R. 5006, the Heroes Lesley Zerebny and Gil Vega First Responders Survivors Support Act. This legislation will help ensure that no officer has to worry whether or not their family will be all right if something happens to them in the line of duty. It is an honor to serve in this great House, and we must do what is right for those who serve us and risk their lives in the streets. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Members are reminded to refrain from referring to occupants in the gallery. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN WILKERSON, JR. (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. John Wilkerson, Jr., who died on May 9, 2018. He was born in Hickory Grove, South Carolina, and remained a South Carolina local throughout his life. As a young man, he served in the United States Navy and graduated from Clemson College with a degree in physics. After graduation, Mr. Wilkerson went on to lead a very successful business career. He was the owner of Wilkerson Oil Company, along with his brother, Merritt, and he later became the owner of River Hills Realty. Mr. Wilkerson was also an active member in his community as a member of the River Hills Community Church, River Hills Lions Club, and the Lake Wylie Chamber of Commerce. In his life he was the recipient of both the Businessman of the Year Award and the Citizen of the Year Award. Additionally, he was a wellknown historian who authored the book ‘‘York County: Yesterday and Today 1550 to 2005.’’ Mr. Wilkerson was a valued member of our community, and he will be missed by his devoted wife, Sandee, and the entire State of South Carolina. 
b1930 HONORING OUR MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute all the men and women who make up the police forces across this great country. As well, the men and women in blue have served this country and protect us. I especially want to salute the 135 officers who gave up their lives this past year. I also want to say thanks to my own father, who served as chief of police in El Dorado, Kansas, for 25 years. My heart is especially warmed as I look out and see the tens of thousands of police officers in Washington, D.C., this week as they honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize that yesterday marked the 70th anniversary of statehood for Israel. Israel is our close ally and a beacon of democracy in a dangerous part of the world. Throughout history, Israel has made numerous concessions in the pursuit of peace while seeking only the right to exist. A strong Israel is paramount to our Nation’s interests in the region, and strategic cooperation between the United States and Israel is vital to the wellbeing of both countries. I was also proud to introduce H. Res. 835, which passed the House by unanimous consent last week. The resolution calls all nations to enter into robust diplomatic relations with Israel, highlights Israel’s recent advances in diplomacy, and affirms the importance of diplomatic recognition of the nation globally. A strong Israel benefits all nations, and I will continue to stand with our friend and ally, Israel. 
PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL DAY AND POLICE WEEK (Mr. BACON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Peace Officers Memorial Day and Police Week to show support of those who put their lives on the line every day to protect Nebraskans and all Americans. These law enforcement professionals protect the life, limb, and property in assigned patrol areas during long hours, keeping them away from their own families. To those on the front line of our safety, it is not about the pay, the hours, or the conditions they work in; it is about making the world a better and safer place. Because of this, I have introduced three pieces of legislation to support those who serve on the front lines. H.R. 1970, the Kerrie Orozco Act, allows the immediate relatives of first responders who die in the line of duty to continue to process their immigration application in a timely manner, despite the death of their loved one. H.R. 5134, the STOP Straw Purchases Act, will increase punishment for those who purchase guns for someone who is prohibited from possessing one. H.R. 4896 allows each State to extend the training requirements for those carrying under the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act from every 12 months to up to 36 months because 
they already received extensive training. I want to thank those who have served for their dedication to protect and serve and to defend our communities. Your service will not be forgotten. 
FLORIDA’S SUCCESS UNDER TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHER FORD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of tonight’s Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor tonight to host my colleagues from the great State of Florida to highlight the successes we have seen since passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With job growth, wages, and labor participation all up since the passage of this bill, hardworking Americans and businesses are already experiencing the many improvements that are the result of these reforms to our Tax Code. In its April report, the U.S. Labor Department announced that the unemployment rate dropped to 3.9 percent, the lowest level we have seen, Mr. Speaker, in 18 years. The tax cuts and simplification of our Tax Code that we passed only a few months ago, along with our President’s regulatory reforms and progrowth policies, are creating jobs and restoring confidence in America’s economy. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, we celebrated National Small Business Week to recognize the importance of small businesses across the country. Small businesses are the backbone of the economy and create millions of jobs to help Floridians and Americans pursue a better future for themselves and for their families. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working for small businesses. According to the National Federation of Independent Business, small businesses are the most optimistic that they have been in nearly three decades. This is no surprise. The reforms in this bill have dramatically improved the way that small businesses are treated under the Tax Code, unleashing hundreds of billions of dollars in tax cuts. Just last month, Mr. Speaker, I toured Magellan Transport Logistics, a servicedisabled, veteranowned logistics company in my hometown of Jacksonville, Florida. They are adding at least 100 new jobs in the next 5 years and were able to acquire a new 47,000 squarefoot facility. During the tour of the facility, we were told by the company’s CEO that this expansion is a direct result of the tax cuts that the business received from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This is just one example of the differences that these cuts are making to improve the way of life for countless Americans in Florida and across the Nation. I have heard from many small businesses throughout my district who are thriving unlike never before because of these landmark reforms. As the Representative of Florida’s Fourth District, I am proud to represent the historic city of St. Augustine. St. Augustine is known around the world, Mr. Speaker, as the oldest city in America. It is full of unique family and communityowned businesses, including the St. Augustine Distillery. Located in the site of Florida’s oldest ice plant, the St. Augustine Distillery’s opening in 2014 marked the first time that spirits have been distilled and created in northeast Florida since Prohibition. As a young business facing more than their share of regulatory challenges, the St. Augustine Distillery was relieved, to say the least, when the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law. The distillery announced shortly after the bill’s passage that they would be using their savings to make further investments in their employees and increase their equipment and inventory, creating new local jobs and hiring additional staff to manufacture, market, and sell their products. Small businesses are an important part of my community and our economy, but they aren’t the only ones that have been given relief under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, last September, northeast Florida was devastated by Hurricane Irma. The storm surge was over 5 feet and dropped more than a foot of rainfall. Our community saw some of the worst flooding in over 100 years along the St. Johns River, and many areas are only now recovering. Because of the Federal tax savings that they received, Tampa Electric, Florida Power & Light, and Duke Energy Florida all announced that their customers would not receive a rate increase for power restoration costs associated with these companies’ response to the hurricane damage. With the money that they would have paid in corporate income taxes, these companies were able to recover the cost of restoring power and repairing the damage after Hurricane Irma, which has spared thousands of Floridians an increase in their energy bill this year. Mr. Speaker, these are just a few of the many ways that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has already made a difference in the lives of hardworking men and women in northeast Florida and across the State by allowing them to keep more of their hardearned money in their paycheck. Tonight, we will hear from a number of my fellow Floridians about the great successes of this bill and helping the lives of Florida families in our district. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida’s First District (Mr. GAETZ ). He a great colleague of mine on the Judiciary Committee and a defender of a strong, booming economy. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I cannot say how proud I am to be a Floridian taking the floor this evening to talk about the great value that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is bringing to the folks in the Sunshine State. I am particularly proud that Florida was prepared for this uplift in the economy as a consequence of the work of Congress. Since Governor Scott took control of the Governor’s mansion, our State has reduced over 50,000 regulations. We have cut taxes over 50 times. Folks like my colleague, Mr. RUTHERFORD from Florida, served in our law enforcement community and led to safer streets and safer communities so that we could grow and prosper in a way that was conducive to a family friendly life. For so long, while we had been cutting taxes and fighting for a more competitive economic ecosystem, the Federal Government had thrown a wet blanket over the economy. With a corporate tax rate that was one of the highest in the world, Florida companies weren’t able to leverage the great talents that were coming out of our State to go and compete because the rules were stacked against us as a consequence of bad policies in Washington. I am so proud that during the 115th Congress we were able to pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act so that States like Florida could realize the great benefit of conservative leadership. In my district in north Florida, where we have got a number of hardworking folks particularly in the manufacturing center, there is a new sense of economic optimism and prosperity that is sweeping across our State and my region. The National Association of Manufacturers’ 2018 first quarter Outlook says that 93.5 percent of manufacturers now have a positive outlook regarding the growth of their businesses. This is entirely consistent with the feedback I have gotten from manufacturers such as Ascend Materials and American Elite Molding, where we are competing with the best around the world, and we are winning and growing. Manufacturers in my district have said that one consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is that they are able to reinvest in their facilities: buy new, cuttingedge equipment and grow and expand their physical plant. This creates jobs and better competition—absolutely outstanding. Energy cost is something that impacts our small businesses and families alike. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Gulf Power, the independently owned utility in my district, is cutting rates so that ratepayers will 
see savings of over $100 million. That is $100 million plowed right back into the economy in my district, right back at the kitchen table at the end of the month. Certainly, it is of great value that we have been able to see that result for our families and for our businesses. Publix is another great business in our State. They are increasing pay for employees, allowing employees to be able to buy into employee stock option programs at greater frequency. Mr. Speaker, whether it is the largest businesses in our State or the smallest, whether it is families that have been prosperous or families that are looking to climb that next peg on the economic ladder, I can say with great sincerity that the feedback as a consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has been entirely positive. Folks are more optimistic. Ultimately, that will ensure that the State of Florida is able to participate in a more competitive and productive economic environment going forward. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I had the great honor as a sheriff in Florida representing the Florida Sheriffs Association to work with MATT GAETZ when he was in the House. I have to tell you, there is no one that works harder for the State of Florida and this country now that he is in Congress. I just want to thank him for the hard work. He has always been a great partner to work with. We had some great successes there, and then to come up here and actually be part of the first tax cuts and reform in over some 30 odd years was significant. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from north central Florida’s Third District, Mr. TEDYOHO. He is a smallbusiness owner himself who understands taxes and the regulatory burden that businesses face. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the sheriff in a neighboring county, for bringing this and putting this on tonight. I think it is great that he is doing this because we need to highlight the successes that we have had. All across the country, America sees the benefits of lower taxes from the GOP Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We are hearing about the tax cuts that benefit hardworking families and those that are benefiting the business community to grow our economy all across the Nation. But here in Florida, the average family of four is saving $2,069 due to the Federal tax reductions. That is $2,000 they didn’t have before that they can use for retirement, college, unplanned expenses, or to invest back into the Florida economy. In addition to the personal cuts to Federal taxes, businesses across the country are giving their tax cuts back to their employees in the form of bonuses, retirement benefits, family leave, and increased pay. b1945 We see this in millions of jobs across the Nation. I have never seen this before. I am 63 years old. I remember the ‘86 tax cut when Ronald Reagan and the Republicans did it then. This has been so much more significant, and the impact on the economy is multiples of that. In Florida’s Third Congressional District alone, there are several businesses—ranging from large corporations like the Walmarts and Wells Fargo to the small momandpop businesses, such as The Flood Insurance Agency in my district—who are giving back to their employees in our local community. The Flood Insurance Agency in my hometown of Gainesville, Florida, gave $1,000 bonuses to each of their 17 fulltime employees. $1,000. That is $17,000 reinvested into our community because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that the Republicans passed and President Trump signed into law. Additionally, CenterState Bank, which is headquartered in Davenport, Florida, but has branches in five cities across my district, gave out $1,000 bonuses to nonofficer employees. These bonuses went to roughly 700 people across the State of Florida. Let me do my math: 700 times $1,000. I believe that is $700,000 being infused into the Florida economy because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Cintas, which has a location in Alachua, Florida, gave all employees of over a year of employment $1,000 bonuses and gave $500 bonuses to all employees who have worked there less than a year. While $1,000 may seem like crumbs to some in Congress, as we heard that day of the vote—they are just mere crumbs—we find that that is not the truth when we get out to the district. These bonuses are invested in the people of Florida, not to mention an investment of over $700,000 into the Florida economy. And this is just from three businesses listed above, not including Walmart raising wages for 67,500 employees—that is just in Florida—or the bonuses Lowe’s gave to 21,000 employees, just in Florida. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is benefiting all Americans. Individuals know how best to use the money they earned, not government, whether by saving or by reinvesting in their community. By lowering the tax burden on working Americans and businesses, we have incentivized hard work and investment. When this happens, tax revenues rise and people thrive, not only because of a lower tax burden, but also because businesses now have the means to reinvest in their employees and in their community. When that money goes back to the people, they know how best to spend that, not government. It was interesting: As I was touring through our district, as we often do when we go back home, I have never had this happen—this is my third term in Congress—I was at an event, a ribboncutting, and I had two unsolicited people come up to me, and they thanked us for the Republicans’ Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This happened on multiple occasions. One individual came up to me, again, this was unsolicited—we know, as Members of Congress, that this doesn’t happen often—but he goes: I want to let you know that because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act I am receiving an extra $120 per paycheck, and I get paid twice a month. That is $2,880 in crumbs he is getting. Another individual at the same event came up and said—and they didn’t know each other. This was so neat, because he came up to me and he said: I just want to let you know, because of the tax cut, I am getting an extra $500 a month, $500 a month times 12 months. That is $6,000 a year. He was excited. I was excited for him. A local trucking company we went by in the small town of Starke, he had out on his billboard: Beginning January 15, all drivers, all employees, get a 15 percent pay raise. And when I talked to him, he said it was because of the tax bill, the tax reform, that we did. These are, again, unsolicited. Another individual called me up, he has got an airconditioning and heating contract company, he told me that he gave out an extra $74,000 in bonuses due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And I had a family member who sometimes isn’t userfriendly—he is retired—and he called me up and said he was receiving an extra $120 a month, and he thanked me. Again, some from the other side of the aisle claimed that this tax bill was nothing but mere crumbs, mere crumbs, and only benefiting the wealthy. The examples I just read off are from the Joelunchbox type, people out there working every day, five days a week, just the average moms and dads who, at the end of the month, are sitting around their dining room table wondering if they are going to have more month than money at the end of the month. They are realizing that they have extra crumbs at the end of the month, and they thanked me. They came up to me, they thanked me. They thanked the Republican Party. They thanked President Trump for signing this into law. And they thanked us for the extra crumbs. As I was leaving, one of the individuals—and I had to laugh at this—says: When the next election comes up, just remind your colleagues on the other side that it is the economy, stupid. And he smiled, and that is all he had to say. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman putting this on. Great job. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from central Florida, TEDYOHO, and I have had those same conversations with constituents back home. The gentleman is absolutely right. They don’t think it is crumbs. It is very significant in their lives. And I can tell you, as a freshman, I was very proud to be here at a very historic moment. And I think this Congress can be very proud 
of what was accomplished through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because it is truly impacting on people’s lives. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this time to thank all of my colleagues from Florida who joined with me this evening to highlight the successes of this historic tax reform. Across the Nation and back home in Florida, we have seen the incredible impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. More than 500 companies have announced pay raises, bonuses, increased 401(k) contributions, or even lower utility rates. Direct bonus announcements have reached over $4 billion across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, that is $4 billion in direct bonuses to employees all across this Nation. That $4 billion is going back into our economy and into the hands of hardworking Americans rather than to the IRS. Folks, this is just the beginning. Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, and as my good friend from central Florida said, these are not crumbs. These are loaves of bread for countless Americans who have been living paycheck to paycheck, unsure about how they would be able to feed their families. These reforms, which are the largest in over 30 years, are helping grow small businesses and breathing life back into the American Dream for so many. So I want to, again, thank my colleagues from the great State of Florida for joining me this evening to shine a light on these great successes for Floridians and for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much for this opportunity. I am particularly pleased to have the opportunity to follow my colleagues on the Republican side as they were talking about the tax bill that passed the House of Representatives, the Senate, and was signed into law last December. I always like to start my discussions here on the floor by some sense of purpose, some sense of what, at least, I, and I think many of my Democratic colleagues are trying to accomplish and the many different ways that this might be accomplished. But this is a statement of values. It comes from Franklin Delano Roosevelt during the Great Depression. It could easily apply to the Great Recession in 2008 and ‘09, and it even applies today, and certainly applies to the tax cut that took place in December. Let me read this to you. He said, Franklin Delano Roosevelt: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ A statement of value. A statement of purpose. Having listened to my colleagues talk about the great tax cut, I think we need to understand exactly what it was all about and the implications of that tax cut and what it means to America, not just to the working men and women that was so well discussed by our colleagues. And indeed, they did get a benefit from the tax cut. However, I think we need to understand the size of that tax cut. It is estimated that that tax cut will reduce the revenues to the Federal Treasury; that is, to the American Government and all of the programs that it does—funding the military; funding Social Security and Medicare, Medicaid—keeping in mind that about 60some percent of the Medicaid money across this Nation goes to seniors who are in nursing homes and care facilities; keeping in mind that that money is used to subsidize farmers out there, to provide conservation programs, to educate our kids, to train our workers. So the tax cut really drained from the Treasury about $1.6 trillion, $1.8 trillion over the next decade. That is a pretty good sum of money. Where did it go? Who benefited from it? Did the working men and women, the people who, it was so eloquently stated, are sitting around the kitchen table trying to figure out what to do at the end of the month? Certainly there is a benefit there, but do keep in mind that that benefit ends in just five years, six years from now. So it is not a permanent benefit, but it is a benefit that is of importance. But where did the money really go? We sometimes call this the great scam, because it is sold one way but the reality is different. The top 1 percent and American corporations received 87 percent of that $1.6 trillion. The top 1 percent and America’s great corporations. Presumably, the corporations were going to bring jobs to America. Let me give you two examples. But first, where did the remaining 17 percent go? Well, it went to all the other Americans. It went to those small businessmen and women who were discussed a moment ago, mom and pop sitting around the table. They got 17 percent of the $1.6 trillion. The top 1 percent of Americans and American corporations took the rest of the pie, 83 percent of it. So what are we to make of this? Well, we can make that, wow, this wasn’t how it was sold. And what did the corporations do with it? Well, out in California—and I am from California—there is a company called Apple. Keep in mind that they do research in the United States. They develop the various software and apps and so forth. The manufacturing is done over in China, for the most part. Some of the assembly comes back to America. They were able to repatriate from their overseas earnings, as a result of this, over $100 billion. That $100 billion is going to be used over the next several months and probably year or so to create jobs in America? No. No. That money is going to be used to buy back stock, which will have the very nice event of enriching those who own Apple stock. Do any of you out there own Apple stock? Well, if you do, it is good. You are going to get some cash. If you do own Apple stock and you don’t choose to sell your stock, guess what? The stock price is going to go up because there are fewer shares around and the earnings per share can remain the same. b2000 It is a great scam. And, oh, by the way, the executives benefit by the stock price going up. So maybe there is something to be said for that. Another company, Pfizer, big American pharmaceutical company, got about $5 billion to $6 billion of reduced taxes as a result of this tax scam. Did they create jobs with it? No. The day that they announced that their taxes were going to be reduced by that much, they eliminated their Alzheimer’s research program, saying that they would rather spend their money on buying back stock than engaging in pharmaceutical research to deal with the most expensive element of the Medicare program, Alzheimer’s, and similarly, Medicare. Oh, and, by the way, every family in America is affected by dementia and Alzheimer’s either directly or indirectly. So, there you go, the great tax scam. Now, let me talk about another thing. You may not have known this, but this is infrastructure week in America. Now, the President is off tweeting, as he did on Sunday, which is the beginning of the week, that he was concerned about China. He was concerned about a company called ZTE, which is a big Chinese telecom company that manufactures smartphones or notsosmart phones. It seems as though those phones can be used for espionage, and that is why our military will not allow military members to own phones manufactured by this company and not allow these phones to be sold on military bases around the world, because, guess what, China is able to use them, we believe, for espionage purposes, that is, to gather all the information that comes off the smartphone. So this is infrastructure week, but, apparently, the President, in his tweet, said he is concerned about the lost jobs in China; and, therefore, he has ordered the Commerce Department to end the restrictions on this Chinese telecom company so that that company can buy some things from the United States and can then have a lot of jobs in China. Gee, Mr. President, I thought it was about making America great again, not making China great again. But I digress. Do you recognize this picture? This is a picture of the Interstate 5 bridge just north of Seattle, and 
on the other side of this river is Vancouver, British Columbia. American infrastructure, this is infrastructure week in America, the President is off worrying about jobs in China. I am worried about infrastructure in America. We have some 56,000 bridges in America that are deficient, subject to collapse. Oh, Interstate 5, that is just a little road out on the West Coast that goes from Canada to Mexico, through Washington, Oregon, and California. It is the artery of commerce on the West Coast, and it has an infrastructure problem. A little closer to my home is this. This is the largest waterfall in America, and, I would dare say, would rival the great falls on the Zambezi River in Africa. This is one big waterfall, or is this a spillway on the largest dam in America? Well, it is both. It is the spillway at the Oroville Dam that failed a winter ago—actually two winters ago now. An infrastructure problem just down river from this massive waterfall is a place called Marysville and Yuba City and Live Oak, communities that I represent— 200,000 people had maybe an hour to evacuate. Had it not stopped raining, an emergency spillway over here, which was being overtopped, would have failed, and a 30foot wall of water would have descended upon the town of Oroville in about 30 minutes and downriver in about 2 hours. Infrastructure in America: 56,000 bridges, tens of thousands of dams, and we have $1.6 trillion taken out of the Treasury, and we wonder why we cannot repair our roads, our water systems, our sanitation systems. It is about that—what was it?—a movie. I forget the name of it now: ‘‘Show Me the Money.’’ Well, here is where the money went, to the top 1 percent. And the President decides that he ought to have an infrastructure plan and he ought to have an infrastructure week, so he develops an infrastructure plan. Here it is, the President’s infrastructure plan. It actually was said to be a $1.2 trillion infrastructure plan, and then, you know, we do what we kind of do around here, we read the details, and it was one of those ‘‘OMG’’ moments. The details are: Wait a minute, Mr. President, I know you are worried about jobs in China, but if you are worried about jobs in the United States, your infrastructure plan doesn’t measure up. What it actually does, it cuts some—this is over 10 years—$122 billion out of highway safety. The TIGER grants, which are grants for special projects, some in my district, to repair a twolane road, which is known as Death Valley, those are gone. Amtrak—anybody travel on Amtrak? Well, they are going to take a— what is that?—$7.5 billion cut; Rural Air Services, half a billion; Army Corps of Engineers, we are talking floods here, we are talking floods in Houston. Well, what do we do there? Oh, yeah. Well, we are going to cut that, too. The infrastructure plan was a paper tiger. There is no money. In fact, when you added up the money, it was actually less than what we spend today. We need a real plan. We need A Better Deal for America, and it is the determination of my party, the Democratic Party here, that we can and we must provide A Better Deal for America. Not just in infrastructure, which I will talk about in a moment, but in education, in the environment, in jobs, job training, wages, business opportunities, trade policy. All of these things are part of our program, which we like to call it A Better Deal for America. It is not the phonybaloney infrastructure program that the President proposed. It is a program that has the potential, if we could enact the laws, to really build a proper infrastructure. And as we do that, an issue that my team has been talking about for the better part of 8 or 9 years now— this little placard is getting worn out—we call it ‘‘Make it in America.’’ We are pleased that the President has taken up that subject. In his speeches during the campaign, in his programs that he put forth, he talks about Making it in America, and I suppose that is why he tweeted out that he was concerned about Chinese jobs and making China great again. But the Making it in America agenda is based on several things. First of all, a real infrastructure program. There are several that we have proposed, one of which was, unfortunately, made difficult to put in place because of the tax program that the President and the Republicans put forth. What we wanted to do—remember that money I talked about Apple bringing home? We wanted to take that money that Apple and other corporations had stashed overseas and bring that money back to America, put it into an infrastructure bank, giving the corporations an opportunity to earn a good interest on that and maybe even a profit over time, and use that infrastructure bank to finance infrastructure programs of all kinds: highways, rail projects, upgrading Amtrak, looking at the water systems, the sanitation systems of America. It could have worked. It has been talked about for years. But with the tax scam having gone into place, that money just came back from overseas and now winds its way to people that already have a lot of money and is used for buying back stock, not used for research and development, which we would have had in the tax plan that we put together. The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ) had put together this piece of legislation—bipartisan, could have, should have, would have if the Republicans had cared to work with the Democrats on a real tax plan that would be used to build the infrastructure. There was a better deal, A Better Deal for America, and a good deal for the corporations and for the wealthy, because as you grow the American economy, we know that people go to work. We know that that then grows the economy, and the entire ship is lifted up by the tide that we would have put in place with that tax program that, unfortunately, was not even heard in committee, not even given a 5 second review. But, anyway, we need to move on. The ranking member is a top Democrat on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Mr. DEFAZIO, has proposed a piece of legislation for the highway system and transit that he calls a ‘‘Penny for Progress.’’ It would have increased the Federal excise tax by a percent—by 1 cent. Not a percent, by 1 cent. And then over the next 20 to 30 years, allow that to increase with inflation and use that to pay back about $400 billion of bonds that would be issued—not much different than the infrastructure bank proposal in which we would use the revenue flow from the excise tax to pay off these bonds so that in the next decade we would not only have the money we presently have, which is about $500 billion or $600 billion over a 10year period, plus this $450 billion, maybe $500 billion of new money from the Penny for Progress program, and then we can really get things going. We figure that if we could have done that—and we are not giving up—we could probably employ 16 million Americans building the infrastructure of America. That is our goal. We are looking forward to A Better Deal for Americans, one in which there is a real infrastructure program, not a phony baloney, pieinthesky paper talk but not real talk, an infrastructure program that can really develop this Nation. We are not just looking at the transportation highway system and transit systems. We are also looking at broadband. I represent a large rural community. You can’t get internet service out there, let alone broadband service. How can you grow a rural community if you are disconnected from the modern economy? And, unfortunately, too many of my people are. We need research. I talked about Pfizer taking their tax cut, billions, not investing it in research, not investing it in Alzheimer’s, but rather investing it in their stock price. We need that kind of research because from the research comes tomorrow’s businesses, comes the next opportunities that are out there. We need to make sure the wages across America are good. That is why we stand with those organizations that are able to bargain collectively and raise the wage rate of Americans in whatever business, in whatever sector of the economy they may be in. Another proposal that I will soon be talking about is a much better deal for our maritime industry. It wasn’t more than three decades ago that we had about 500 ships that were built in America, they were flagged by American laws, and they had American 
mariners on it. Today, we have less than 80. We need to rebuild our commercial shipbuilding opportunities. We need to be able to build ships in America for the export of oil and natural gas, a strategic national asset, because our military, while it may fly here and there, it depends upon shipments across the ocean. b2015 I can tell you one thing: We cannot depend upon China, or someone other than our own ships, to deliver our military, wherever they may need to be. We are going to introduce a bill in the coming weeks that we would call ‘‘Energizing the American Maritime Industry.’’ Thousands upon thousands of jobs in the shipyards of America; and, when those ships come online, thousands of jobs for American mariners and American security. A better deal for America includes a lot of different elements: Better education system, better wages, better infrastructure, better research, and better family opportunities across this Nation. I draw the attention of my colleagues—on both the Democratic and Republican side—to where my Republican colleagues had taken the previous hour. They wanted to talk about the tax cut. Well, I am going to end up with this, some real news headlines a couple of weeks ago: ‘‘Republican Tax Cuts to Fuel Historic U.S. Deficits: CBO’’—the Congressional Budget Office—as reported April 9, 2018, by Reuters; ‘‘Deficit to Top $1 Trillion Per Year by 2020, CBO Says’’—the Congressional Budget Office—reported in The Washington Post on April 9, 2018; ‘‘CBO: GOP Policies Add Nearly $1.6 Trillion to Deficit,’’ reported by Axios; and ‘‘wider than previously expected deficits and a mostly temporary spurt in economic growth,’’ reported by the Wall Street Journal. If you are looking for a better deal for America, take a look at what our Democrats are proposing. It is a good program. It covers all of the elements that are necessary to see this country remain the wealthiest, remain the strongest, the most vibrant, the most entrepreneurial, and the most opportunity for every American, no matter where they may start in their life. We want all of them to end up with a better life, and we intend to put before them a better deal. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5698, PROTECT AND SERVE ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2372, VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–677) on the resolution (H. Res. 891) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2372) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
AMERICAN WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to talk about a topic that is forefront on the minds of Americans of all ages. It is a topic at dinner tables across the country, and is finally becoming a leading national news story. We are here to talk about workforce development. The American workforce has undergone a radical transformation in recent years. Right now, there are 6.6 million unfilled jobs in this country in a phenomenon known as the skills gap. Those jobs are unfilled because too many Americans are unskilled, despite the fact that we have recordhigh numbers of people attending postsecondary education. At the Education and the Workforce Committee, workforce development is at the heart of what we do. All education is career education, and that means all education is workforce development. Education, as most of us know, and many of us have experienced, is the sure path out of poverty for millions of Americans. For all of us, it should give us the tools we need to cultivate the talents God has given us. Whether through a baccalaureate degree, a professional certificate, or any of the new and innovative stackable credentials, Americans look to the educational system for options. Mr. Speaker, I am joined here tonight by some of my colleagues from the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, as Ms. FOXXhas said, we, right now, have the lowest unemployment in years. I think we are doing all we can to improve America’s climate. Our taxes are lower. Our regulatory agencies, I think, are the most profreedom, pro business we have had in years. But the biggest problem that I find again and again, as I go around my district—and I should point out that Wisconsin’s Sixth Congressional District has more manufacturing jobs in it than any other district in the country—is that we can’t find enough people to work. A little bit of that problem is due to the government competing with the private sector and providing people compensation for not working at all. But a lot of the problem is that our educational system has let America down in that they have turned their back on skillsbased training. I think the number one thing holding back America’s industry manufacturing sector right now is a lack of people with skills to do the job, not only manufacturing, but construction, as well. Again and again, we have a shortage of welders, we have a shortage of CNC operators, in construction, shortages all across the board. If you look at the people who are still working frequently into their fifties and sixties, what is the reason? The reason is this myth out there, perpetrated in part by the mainstream media, but, in part, by the educational establishment, that you should get a vague 4year degree—a degree in communication arts, a degree in psychology, something like that—which, too often, is leading to a lowpaid job and a highpaid college debt. If, instead, you would go to, let’s say, a trade school—as I do in my district— you can have people who become apprentices and make money as they are earning. They can wind up making $70,000, or $80,000, or $90,000 before they are 25 years old, when some of their classmates are still ringing up the debt in the traditional college. The Higher Education and Workforce Development Subcommittee, as we work through our bills, again and again is looking to fill this gap. We can no longer do this disservice to so many young people, encouraging them down an expensive path that does not lead to a wellpaid job. The future of America depends on its construction and its manufacturing. 
We cannot continue to be a great country if our factories do not get some of the best minds and hardest working people to do the work. So I encourage anyone out there listening—particularly, anyone advising young people, be they professional guidance counselors who have so often let people down, or parents, or grandparents, or other mentors—look into skillsbased education. Carefully compare how much people who take this route are making compared to people who go to a 4year college. Look at how much debt they are ringing up compared to how much debt other people are ringing up. Mr. Speaker, together, we can work as hard as we can to solve America’s skills gap, which is absolutely necessary if the United States continues to become the manufacturing center of the world. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GROTHMAN for his comments. I agree with Mr. GROTHMAN that this is an issue every American needs to be made more aware of. Many are. Every week, every day, I meet with people from my district and outside of my district who come in to see me who say that they have jobs in their companies, in their manufacturing plants, and in their restaurants that they cannot fill because they cannot find the people with the skills to fill those jobs. Everyone in this country has a stake in the future of our country, so we are hoping that everyone will wake up to the skills gap and see what part he or she can play in it. I know that members of the Education and the Workforce Committee have become very well aware of this from their own districts and from their own experiences, many of them as employers before they came to the United States Congress. One of the people that I know that is very attuned to the need in the workforce is our colleague, Mr. RONESTES, from the great State of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address one of the important drivers of our economy: The way we develop the workforce of tomorrow. Since the founding of our country, American workers have led the way in being the most productive and innovative in the world. However, technology and changing demands require that we identify new ways to maintain our competitive edge. After nearly 10 years of stagnant growth, our economy is, once again, booming, thanks to cutting taxes and cutting regulations. Yet today, our economy faces a new challenge. At this moment, there are a record 6.6 million job openings in our country. While we currently have the lowest unemployment rate in 18 years, there are still millions of Americans looking for a job. However, every day, I hear from employers throughout Kansas, and our country, about their difficulty filling open jobs because our workforce does not have all the skills it needs. I believe this is because, for decades, politicians, educators, and even parents, have told students that the only way to succeed is to get a 4year college degree. While a college degree is extremely important, some jobs are critical in requiring that. Today, we are seeing that many college students are graduating with crippling student loan debt and have trouble finding a job, while we have a shortage of skilled labor positions, such as welders, machinists, truck drivers, and people with other needed skills. Because of this, I believe we have no choice but to change the way we are developing our workforce. We need to empower students to have more opportunities to prepare for the careers they want, whether through technical schools, community colleges, or universities. Kansans have led the way with this by passing Kansas Senate bill S. 155, which allows high school students to graduate with either, or both, a technical or collegeready certificate. Through this effort, I believe Kansans can serve as a model for this country on how we train our workforce. As a Member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I have been proud to work on several ways to do this, including amending the Prosper Act, which will reform higher education and student aid, to allow students to complete work studies as apprentices in the fields that they are studying. That amendment will help students to be more marketable once they finish their degrees, and builds on our need to support apprenticeship programs throughout the country. This also helps minimize outlandish student loan debt too many students and families are racking up. In addition to working on the Prosper Act, I have also proposed the HOPE Act, which will allow TANF assistance dollars to go toward a successful workforce development program, one which is called Jobs for America’s Graduates, or JAG. Earlier this month, I met with some JAG students at Newton High School in Newton, Kansas, and heard about how the program has prepared them for their careers after high school. Allowing more TANF dollars to go toward this program can help many atrisk students and get more people off of assistance and on to successful lives. These are part of our overall goal of making sure every American can get the skills they need to fulfill their potential. b2030 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman FOXXand the Education and the Workforce Committee for their work towards this goal. Together, we can advance legislation which will maintain and grow America’s leadership in our global economy. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ESTES for being here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I want to brag a little on Kansas, also. I had the opportunity last year to visit in Congressman ESTES’ district and see firsthand the cooperation going on there among the different levels of education—the high schools, community colleges, State universities—and working with business and industry, particularly the aerospace industry. Mr. Speaker, I ask Mr. ESTES if he would like to add to his comments about the great program going on there because I, frankly, have gone all over the country and talked about that innovative program that is going on there. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, that is right. We have an innovative aerostructure environment in Wichita. In fact, Wichita is known as the air capital of the world. We are always looking for skilled employees to fill those jobs, to help keep planes running, keep parts being produced through the process. Our businesses have worked with community colleges and partnered with Wichita State University and are partnering with high schools to help make sure that the skills are available so those employers can have the employees that they need to help keep their operations running. It has been a great transition we have made as we have gone through the baby boomers, who are now starting to retire and starting to leave the workforce. We need to make sure that we have enough skilled employees to replace them as they are retiring and make sure that we keep America’s economy growing strong. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I think, again, the program that Mr. ESTES has there in Wichita is a good role model. It is an indication, again, that we are sort of going back to the future. In the past, most of our education institutions paid attention to where the jobs were in this country and educated people to be prepared for the jobs. There are people who sometimes can be critical of us on the committee for saying that we spend too much time emphasizing people getting a job and perhaps not enough emphasizing a liberal education. Well, I am a huge fan of liberal education. My undergraduate degree is in English, but thank goodness I learned to type in high school because that typing skill is what helped me get through college as I worked my way through. All of us need skills. English majors of today need skills: computer skills, graphic skills. We don’t want to diminish the role of liberal education. We want to just make sure that students have a clear understanding of what their choices are going to be when they enter a postsecondary institution and what they might expect when they exit that institution. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), another 
member of our committee who is very well versed in the issues related to workforce development and education, who has done yeoman’s work on many issues related to the workforce and education. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman FOXXfor yielding. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s emphasis on preparing people for the real world through educational experiences that expand not only their abilities, but also their dreams. A lot of times the best education takes place when a person is dreaming. I have seen a lot of things happen in Michigan as a result of people all of a sudden being caught with a sweet spot dream saying, ‘‘Could I do that?’’ and they have done it. Since coming to Congress, my top priority has been creating goodpaying jobs and growing a healthy economy in Michigan. We have had our challenges. We are delighted to see some very positive things taking place in Michigan, and specifically in my district. That is why every year we hold a large job fair at multiple places in my district. We had one just last week, in fact. Over the years, we have helped the hardworking men and women in our communities find employment, further their education, and pursue career advancement opportunities. That is a key: to let them know that they can advance; they are not stuck; you can always move on. When we did our first job fair back in 2011, the national unemployment rate was around 9 percent. Now it is down below 4 percent for the first time since 2000. As our economy continues to thrive, there are currently 6.6 million job openings waiting to be filled across the country, and businesses are anxious to hire workers with the right experience to fill them. I just met with six of those employers just before coming here, and their only concern is: How do we fill the jobs that we have to take on all the contracted projects in construction that we have? My colleagues and I on the Education and the Workforce Committee are working in a bipartisan way to help bridge the skills gap by expanding career and technical education. In today’s economy, we need to celebrate the fact that not everyone follows the same path. That is a good thing. We need to move beyond the notion that a 4year degree is the only way to climb the ladder of opportunity. In Michigan, we have a number of community colleges, career centers, and school districts leading the way in career and technical education. I think they have heard Chairwoman FOXX speak and they have gotten the point. We let it slide too long, and now we are picking up. These programs have helped numerous students thrive and develop a diverse and marketable skill set that prospective employers are seeking. The bipartisan legislation we passed in the House will strengthen CTE programs to help more students obtain the indemand skills and jobs of the future. The Housepassed bill will also remove unnecessary and duplicative licensing requirements that act as a barrier for workers trying to get their foot in the door. Coming from Michigan, we have a long and rich tradition of manufacturing, engineering, and other highly skilled fields. Our State’s hardworking men and women are second to none. I am here tonight to say let’s keep up the momentum. Let’s continue to invest in building a talented and dynamic workforce and help prepare our people for a lifetime of success. And, oh, may I add, enjoyment in a sweet spot that they have found by being educated for the realworld jobs that make a difference. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the opportunity to speak on this issue tonight. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman WALBERG for speaking on tonight’s Special Order topic. I appreciate the comments that he has made, and I appreciate the leadership that he has brought to the Education and the Workforce Committee in so many ways. The gentleman’s comments about being with employers tonight mirror the experiences that I have had where, again, every employer that comes to see me says: You know, we love the tax cut bill. It is allowing us to hire more people. The only problem is we can’t find people with the skills to take those jobs. So what are we going to do? So this is an issue, again, that faces all of us. The Federal Government cannot solve this issue alone. It is going to take the local schools, K–12, as well as community colleges, as well as universities, as well as business and industry to come together to figure out ways to solve this problem. Of course, what we are doing with the career and technical education bill as well as with the PROSPER Act is to provide the framework for those people to do what needs to be done out there. We are taking the heavy hand of the Federal Government away and saying: We want you to make many, many decisions at the local level, colleges and universities to make decisions. I think we are on the right track. With the leadership of Mr. WALBERG  and other members of the committee, I think we are going to get there. Mr. WALBERG. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. FOXX. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, on that very point, I think it is crucial to understand that, if we are going to get people educated for realworld jobs, we are going to have to sometimes move the whole system out of its comfort zone, and that means higher education as well. It can’t be assumed that that is the only game in town when, in fact, employers are looking for something in certain cases very different and very unique and very specific, custom made to fit those jobs. Then, as the gentlewoman knows better than probably any of us, these same employers will add to the benefit by adding additional training opportunities for these good employees to continue to upgrade their skills with more education. That is where we see higher education is going to have to compete and come to an understanding that it is a different world now and there are changes that have to take place if we are going to continue to succeed. I appreciate that point, and we need to get it done. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Mr. WALBERG for being here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMP SON), another stellar member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, who in the past has led the way in the area of career and technical education in particular, but is well versed in education in all areas. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman FOXX for yielding and for her leadership in the area of education, workforce development, career and technical education. It is greatly appreciated and a pleasure and honor to work with the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, every Member of this Chamber is familiar with the issue surrounding the skills gap. The American workforce currently faces a shortage of 6 million skilled workers. That number continues to grow at a rate faster than anybody could anticipate. We expected not to hit 6 million job openings until the year 2020, and here we are, 6.5 million jobs open and available that need to be filled here in 2018. Employers from numerous different fields have weighed in on the issue, and the majority of employers agree that vacant positions remain unfilled because candidates lack many of the skills that they need for a given job. While soft skills, such as communications, creativity, collaboration, and critical thinking are important for many jobs requiring daily interaction and working as part of a team, hard skills, which are learned in a classroom or a skillsbased course, have significantly contributed to the skills gap. As a senior member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce as well as cochair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, I believe that by modernizing the current Federal law and investing in skillsbased education programs, we can begin to narrow the skills gap, put people back to work, and continue to grow this economy. The Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act has not been updated in more than a decade. The law no longer reflects the realities and challenges facing students and workers today. Current policies restrict the 
ability of State leaders to invest Federal resources and prioritize economic growth and local needs. It fails them in having the flexibility to be able to react to immediate workforce needs. In an effort to close the skills gap, my colleague Congressman RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI and I introduced H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. H.R. 2353 makes impactful changes to the law by giving authority back to the State and local leaders, who have a thorough understanding of the regional workforce; aligning career and technical education programs with high skilled, lucrative, and indemand jobs; and increasing transparency and accountability, while also assessing the success of skillsbased education programs; and limiting the Department of Education’s role in the CTE programs, empowering the State and the local leaders. Now, while this bipartisan legislation passed the House unanimously last year and still awaits action in the Senate, in a time when critical industries have vacant jobs but not enough qualified workers to fill them, it is imperative that we work to get this bill signed into law for the prosperity of our economy and for the future of our workforce. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the opportunity to weigh in on this important topic. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. THOMPSON for his time tonight. Again, I appreciate the work that he has done in this field session after session, and I appreciate the way he approaches his work on the Education and the Workforce Committee. We respect the gentleman greatly, and he is well respected by all of his colleagues here. Mr. Speaker, we are all pushing to get the bill passed out of the Senate and are very, very hopeful. In addition, we keep our fingers crossed. b2045 We pray, we keep our fingers crossed, and we hope. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), another one of the great members of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her work in organizing this Special Order this evening. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the importance of workforce development in America. Over the past 1
1⁄2years, this Congress has been working diligently to turn this economy around and get Americans across the country back to work. After passing the most comprehensive tax overhaul in 30 years and rolling back Obamaera rules and regulations, our economy is beginning to thrive, and the need for a developed and established workforce is more crucial right now than ever before. The simple fact is our workforce is aging and there are not enough people who currently have the skills to take the positions of retirees nor the thousands of private sector jobs being created every day in this new economy. And with over 6 million jobs available in this country as we speak, we have to ensure that our young people today are equipped for the job market of tomorrow. In fact, I enjoy meeting with young people and talking about this era in which, when they are educated, they have the greatest opportunity of any generation that I am aware of to find a job in an upward economy in just about every field that they desire. As someone who has worked in the construction industry for my entire career, I know firsthand how difficult it is to find skilled workers. And as a member of House Education and the Workforce Committee, this is why I was proud of supporting the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act and the PROSPER Act, both pieces of legislation that bridge the gap between the business community and our education efforts. Make no mistake, getting an education is essential, but it is equally important that our education efforts are aligned with the indemand jobs in our communities. In order to cultivate a qualified workforce for the future, our education and business communities must work together so our kids and grandkids have the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. As I said, I believe that opportunity is the best today that it has ever been. Back home in Georgia’s 12th District, I have visited small business after small business. And one question I always ask is: What is your biggest challenge? And the answer to that question almost every single time is: Workers. As a business owner, the greatest joy in my life was creating jobs. I look back, and I look at the buildings we built in the construction industry, and we got pretty good at it. But I will tell you, the one thing, when I look back, and the greatest joy that I had in life, was giving folks a good job, allowing them the dignity and respect that they deserve, to empower them to fulfill their Godgiven right to provide for their families, to provide for their communities, and yes, provide for this Nation; an opportunity I believe should be available to all Americans. One of the top factors in where a business decides to locate is based on workforce, and with Georgia being named as the number one State to locate your business for the past 5 years in a row, our workforce needs in Georgia are growing each and every day. I will continue to work with my colleagues in this body on the House Education and the Workforce Committee to ensure that we have an available workforce equipped with the skills necessary to jump directly into that workforce. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank Chairwoman FOXXfor her leadership work here and her work here this evening in bringing attention to this critical matter. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ALLEN . He and the other members of the committee who have been here tonight, as well as Members who serve on the committee, bring reallife experiences and help us better understand what it is that we need to be doing on the committee and in the Congress. Again, this skills gap is something that is of concern to all Americans and should be of concern to all Americans. The Education and the Workforce Committee is doing its best to present good legislation to pass here so that the Federal Government can again give the structure that is needed for business and industry to do what it needs to do. We are the greatest country in the world. We will continue to be the greatest country in the world as long as we respond to the needs of our culture and keep our country moving in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues again and I yield back the balance of my time. 
THE HISTORY OF ROBERT MUELLER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FERGUSON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do appreciate the words of my friend from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), and she has an amendment that is going to help a lot of folks in my district. Mr. Speaker, I continue to hear some people say that they think Robert Mueller is going to be fairminded, he is going to do a good job. But I think probably more than any of my Republican friends that profess to think they know Robert Mueller, I don’t think they know him as well as I do, and on the research I have done on the man, the dealings I have had with him, the questions I have asked him. But I don’t think they know him as well as Eric Holder does, and Eric Holder said a month or so ago he has known Bob Mueller for 20, 30 years, and, in essence, he wasn’t going to stop until he found something he could pin on Donald Trump. That is the essence, and I think he is right. We see from Robert Mueller’s history that when he decides somebody is not a good person, even when he is 100 percent wrong, then it justifies in his mind putting them in prison, leaving them for the rest of their lives, destroying their lives, destroying any friendships, family, caring relationship. He doesn’t care. He has destroyed good people, completely destroyed good people, and as he has said more than once after he has destroyed good people, and in the case of Dr. Hatfill, the government had an over $6 million payout to him for the 
way Bob Mueller destroyed his life as an innocent individual, he said he had nothing to apologize for. And see, in his mind, he doesn’t think he does. He is justified in destroying anybody he doesn’t like, anybody he disagrees with. And he is determined in his mind that Donald Trump is somebody that needs to be brought down. It is so ironic, though. Here he was, pleading for the job of Director of the FBI again. He had already been that once. He did more damage than anybody since J. Edgar Hoover, and got 2 extra years because Obama liked the way that he was protecting President Obama and Eric Holder, and they gave him 2 extra years, much to the dismay of so many good FBI agents around the country and the thousands and thousands of years of experience of good FBI agents that he ran off, leaving our country all the more vulnerable because of his bad decisions. But after I had had some of our Members approach me after a Republican Conference and say: Louie, you know so much about Robert Mueller. Is there one article we could go read where we would kind of get up to speed on his background? And I said: Well, there are hundreds of articles I have read; some helpful, some not. But every time I did preparation to question him when he came before our committee, I did more and more study. And they said it would really be helpful if we had one place we could just go read stuff about Robert Mueller’s background. So that inspired me to start writing, and I accumulated from other writers, always giving them proper credit, and put together a 48page article about Bob Mueller. This does scratch the surface, but there is so much more that could be touched. Apparently, he served honorably and well in Vietnam, but that doesn’t give him the right to ruin the country. It doesn’t give him the right to destroy innocent people’s lives. And so here is just one chapter from my 48page article, Mr. Speaker, and this particular chapter is entitled ‘‘Death of Dr. Steven Hatfill’s Reputation and Productive Life.’’ Here is how Mollie Hemingway of The Federalist described the combination Mueller/Comey debacle: ‘‘The FBI absolutely bungled its investigation into the anthrax attacker who struck after 9/11 terrorist attacks. ‘‘Carl Cannon goes through this story very well, and it is worth reading for how it involves both Comey and his dear ‘friend’ and current special counsel Robert Mueller. The FBI tried—in the media—its case against Hatfill. Their actual case ended up being thrown out by the courts.’’ I believe this is Carl Cannon’s account: ‘‘Comey and Mueller badly bungled the biggest case they ever handled. They botched the investigation of the 2001 anthrax letter attacks that took five lives and infected 17 other people, shut down the U.S. Capitol and Washington’s mail system, solidified the Bush administration’s antipathy for Iraq, and eventually, when the facts finally came out, made the FBI look feckless, incompetent, and easily manipulated by outside political pressure.’’ And I would insert here, that is exactly what has been proven with most of the big cases that Robert Mueller has personally been involved in. Carl Cannon goes on and says, ‘‘In truth, Hatfill was an implausible suspect from the outset. He was a virologist who never handled anthrax, which is a bacterium. Ivins, by contract, shared ownership of anthrax patents, was diagnosed as having paranoid personality disorder, and had a habit of stalking and threatening people with anonymous letters, including the woman who provided the longignored tip to the FBI.’’ So I would insert here, the FBI has gotten a lot of tips and warnings from very helpful, caring Americans, and even from Russia. Because we know that Russian officials tipped off Robert Mueller, tipped off the FBI, that the older Tsarnaev brother had become radicalized, he was going to be a threat to the lives of Americans, and, in fact, Russia had warned the U.S. twice. So perhaps there is the Russian collusion. Bob Mueller and the Russians, in fact. Unfortunately for all of those poor people that were killed or injured at Boston, Robert Mueller was not competent enough to realize the seriousness of the older Tsarnaev’s radicalization, so people died and Robert Mueller continued to go on witch hunts for wrong people. He continued to protect radical Islamists. As some FBI agents have informed me, basically they said: Our training under Mueller on radical Islam was, when you get a credible warning or tip from an American citizen about a potential radical Islamist threat, then you probably have gotten that tip from an Islamophobe, and you probably need to investigate the person that gave you the tip. We know of cases played out in the news where that is exactly what happened. Poor guy, I believe it was in Florida, that gave the tips this guy is a threat, and what happened? The FBI investigated him, but they didn’t investigate the man that would go kill others. b2100 This article goes on: ‘‘So what evidence did the FBI have against Hatfill? There was none, so the agency did a Hail Mary, importing two bloodhounds from California whose handlers claimed could sniff the scent of the killer on the anthraxtainted letters. These dogs were shown to Hatfill, who promptly petted them. When the dogs responded favorably’’—of course, they were being petted—their handlers then told the FBI that the dogs had alerted on Hatfill and he must therefore be the killer. There was no—let me repeat—there was no evidence whatsoever that Steven Hatfill was the anthrax killer. Talking to some folks in Washington recently, one of them pointed out: Well, you know, actually, that also fits the mold that Mueller has created for himself. Here he purged the FBI training materials of anything that offended radical Islamist terrorists, but as agents have told me, both intel and FBI, Mueller blinded our FBI of the ability to see our enemy. He took away some of their best training materials, one 700page bit of training workbook on radical Islam. He had ordered that destroyed. He didn’t want anybody to know how to recognize a radical Islamist. He would rather his FBI— Mueller’s FBI agents—investigate those making complaints for being Islamophobes. ‘‘Unfortunately, both Mueller and Comey were absolutely and totally convinced of the innocent man’s guilt. They ruined his life, his relationship with friends, neighbors, and potential employers. ‘‘And from Carl Cannon, Real Clear Politics: ‘‘You’d think that any good FBI agent would have kicked these quacks in the fanny and found their dogs a good home. Or at least checked news accounts of criminal cases in California where these same dogs had been used against defendants who’d been convicted—and later exonerated. As Pulitzer Prizewinning Los Angeles Times investigative reporter David Willman detailed in his authoritative book on the case, a California judge who’d tossed out a murder conviction based on these sketchy canines called the prosecution’s dog handler ‘as biased as any witness that this court has ever seen.’ ‘‘Instead, Mueller, who micromanaged the anthrax case and fell in love with the dubious dog evidence, and personally assured Ashcroft and presumably George W. Bush that in Steven Hatfill, the Bureau had its man . . . ‘‘Mueller didn’t exactly distinguish himself with contrition, either. In 2008, after Ivins committed suicide’’—that is the person he went after after they were assured Hatfill was completely innocent. They go after Dr. Ivins. He ends up committing suicide. ‘‘ . . . and the Justice Department had formally exonerated Hatfill.’’ It is important to know, Mr. Speaker, Mueller didn’t exonerate Hatfill; the evidence did. Mueller doesn’t believe in apologizing after he destroys people’s lives, and he could not bother to apologize after he wrecks a constitutional government, republic, as we are here, and that is why, after the government paid Dr. Hatfill $5.82 million in a legal settlement—that is $150,000 per year for 20 years, plus $2.82 million cash, but ‘‘Mueller could not be bothered to walk across the street to attend the press conference announcing the case’s resolution. When reporters did ask him about it, Mueller was graceless. ‘I do not apologize for any aspect 
of the investigation,’ he said, adding that it would be erroneous ‘to say there were mistakes.’’’ He ruins a man’s life. People with better judgment than Mueller decided: My gosh, we have destroyed an innocent man. We will pay him $6 million to try to recompense him in some way for all of the damage Mueller did to him and his family and his life. All Mueller has got to say is: It would be erroneous to say that mistakes were made. You have got to understand, Mr. Speaker, when Mueller goes after somebody to destroy them, even though they are not guilty of that for which he is pursuing them, he doesn’t feel he has made a mistake. He presumes in his mind that he pursues only bad people, and when he destroys a person who is innocent of the crime for which he was pursuing them, in his mind it is not a mistake. He pursued a bad person, and, therefore, he doesn’t owe an apology to anybody. Going back to the article: ‘‘Though FBI jurisdiction has its limitations, Mueller’s ego does not. ‘‘Mueller and Comey’s next target in the anthrax case was Dr. Bruce Ivins. As the FBI was closing in and preparing to give him the ultimate Hatfill treatment, Dr. Ivins took his own life. Though Mueller and Comey were every bit as convinced that Dr. Ivins was the anthrax culprit as they were that Dr. Hatfill was, there are lingering questions about whether or not there was a case beyond a reasonable doubt. Since Dr. Ivins is deceased and had some mental issues, we are expected to simply accept that he was definitely the anthrax killer and drop the whole matter. That’s a difficult ask after taxpayer money paid off Mueller’s previous victim. Mueller had relentlessly dogged Dr. Hatfill using lifedestroying, Orwellian tactics. Either Mueller was wrong when he said it would be a mistake, ‘to say there were mistakes,’ in the railroading of Hatfill or Mueller did intentionally and knowingly persecute an innocent man.’’ That is the bottom line. He says, ‘‘we didn’t make a mistake.’’ If they didn’t make a mistake, if Mueller didn’t make a mistake, then it means he intentionally and knowingly used the full power of the United States Justice Department to destroy an innocent man, again, innocently and knowingly destroying the life of an innocent man. So either he lied when he said ‘‘we made no mistakes,’’ or he didn’t lie when he said ‘‘we made no mistakes.’’ If he didn’t lie, it means he intentionally destroyed the life of an innocent man. It is that simple. So the book goes through 48 pages, sets out a number of things like this. When I hear my friends, especially down the hall in the Senate, talk about what a great man Mueller is, either, number one, they are intentionally keeping themselves ignorant of facts, or, number two, they want Donald Trump kicked out of the White House as quickly as possible. Those are the two possibilities, and I hope the American public will wake up to that. Now, it is also interesting, here we have got Mueller raiding, or being an accessory to the raid of Donald Trump’s personal attorney’s home and office, places where he was. Lo and behold, it shouldn’t surprise anybody, but it turns out this article from April 17, by Jeff Murdock: ‘‘Federal Judge Kimba Wood, who is overseeing the court case against Donald Trump’s personal attorney, Michael Cohen, officiated the 2013 wedding of George Soros, a billionaire supporter of liberal political causes, according to the news reports at that time.’’ Now, I would submit, Mr. Speaker, that he is not just a supporter of liberal political causes. He supports anything that will help destroy the moral, upstanding United States of America that has been the greatest gift freedom has ever had in the world. The article goes on here, though it says: ‘‘The judge,’’ Kimba Wood, ‘‘is currently weighing whether to have a neutral third party review the documents seized in FBI raids on the office, home, and hotel of Mr. Cohen. ‘‘Mr. Cohen’s attorneys have sought to keep the government from reviewing the materials by asserting attorney client privilege’’—a legitimate privilege, of course. ‘‘Prosecutors have demanded access to those documents claiming they are related to an ongoing criminal investigation. ‘‘The government is currently probing Mr. Cohen’s $130,000 payment to porn star Stephanie Clifford, better known as Stormy Daniels, for possible violations of campaign finance laws. ‘‘Judge Wood, who will decide those issues, married Mr. Soros, then 83, and his 42yearold bride, Tamiko Bolton, in September 2013, media outlets reported at that time. ‘‘The Bedford, New York, wedding was attended by 500 guests, including top Democrats such as House Minority Leader NANCY PELOSI of California and thenCalifornia Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom. U2 front man Bono also attended the reception, Reuters reported in a 2013 article. ‘‘In lieu of gifts, the couple asked that donations be made to several organizations, including Planned Parenthood and Global Witness, an environmental activist group, according to Reuters. ‘‘Mr. Soros donated nearly $10 million to political action committees that supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 Presidential election. He also chaired the national finance committee for a proClinton PAC, dubbed Ready for Hillary. ‘‘Judge Wood was also thenPresident Bill Clinton’s second, but failed nominee for U.S. Attorney General in 1993. Mr. Clinton had nominated Zoe Baird, but she was withdrawn after it was revealed she had hired an illegal immigrant as a nanny and did not pay taxes on the employee. Judge Wood was then selected, but she had also employed an illegal immigrant, but did pay taxes on the employee. Fearing a repeat of the same disastrous nomination of Ms. Baird, Mr. Clinton quickly removed Judge Wood from consideration. ‘‘Media reports at that time said Judge Wood had not told the White House about the nanny even when she had been asked directly. Judge Wood said in a statement that she had not misled the White House.’’ In any event, people that care about fair, impartial, and blind justice that doesn’t decide a case by looking to see who is on either side, they are sickened by what has been happening at the Department of Justice, at the top of the FBI, and under a special prosecutor who has made abundantly clear by his hires of those—not who would be fair and impartial, but those who would help Mueller do as he is so good at doing, and that is finding somebody he doesn’t like and destroying their lives. b2115 The additional problem in this case is that if he destroys and uses his illegal tactics and unfair weight to throw against innocent people as he has in his past, it won’t just be Bob Mueller destroying one life, as he has in a number of these cases we discussed, but it will be removing an elected President of the United States. I pray and I will do what I can to ensure that people wake up, people come peacefully out in America, and make clear that this railroading, egotistical, and unapologetic man who has destroyed the good that was once top to bottom of the FBI and who has destroyed innocent lives without apology, this man has no business being special counsel. In fact, he needs to be investigated for his role with Rosenstein, their role, along with the guy that Mueller brought along to help investigate Russia. I am not talking about the alleged collusion of the Trump campaign in Russia. I am talking about the real collusion with Russia where Mueller even had an inside informant providing evidence of Russia’s illegal activity in trying to obtain American uranium, and instead of using all of that information of Russia’s illegal activity to obtain American uranium, Rosenstein, Mueller, and Weissmann put the quash on information about all of that investigation. They threatened and coerced their informer into keeping his mouth shut so that the sale could go through of American uranium that would end up in Russian hands. So that sale would go through, and lo and behold, the Clinton Foundation would be $145 million richer in gifts from those grateful people that benefited from Russia ultimately getting American uranium. Mueller needs to be investigated, as does Comey, as does Rosenstein, as does Weissmann. They are the last people on this Earth who ought to be investigating somebody else over alleged 
Russian collusion. Mr. Speaker, you needn’t look any further than the investigators themselves. Mueller, in his arrogance, showed the country and world he was not interested in fair, impartial justice. He wanted people who hated Trump and who loved Hillary Clinton and helped her all they could, because he had determined that he was going to undermine the election of Donald J. Trump as President. And if he is not—Rosenstein is the one who has to be removed first. He has got to be removed. He has got to be investigated. I hope and pray that is going to happen, that Rosenstein is going to be investigated. I can’t count on Bob Mueller to do the honorable thing. There are so many examples where he had a great opportunity to do the honorable thing by people whom he has wronged and whose lives he has destroyed. He was careful always to avoid doing the right thing, making comments as if he had nothing for which to apologize for destroying innocent lives. That doesn’t even get into the Ted Stevens case. He had to have been all over the top of that case. He was the director of the FBI. You know good and well they didn’t investigate the longest serving Republican Senator without Bob Mueller being all over the case. They framed an innocent man, manufactured evidence, and destroyed evidence of his innocence. It wasn’t just a reasonable doubt he was innocent; he was innocent. They manufactured charges, and one might say: Well, but we don’t have direct testimony, direct evidence that Mueller personally knew of the frame up of Ted Stevens. But what we do know is when the whistleblower FBI agent came out with sworn testimony of the frameup of the innocent Ted Stevens, that Godfearing whistleblower was run out of the FBI, and the one that he reported the wrongdoing on continued to get glowing praise, advances, and promotions from Bob Mueller. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. MARINO (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of his congressional primary. Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of prior event in district. Mr. CUELLAR (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of travel delays. Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of travel delays. Mr. EVANS (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of official business in district. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 10, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3210. To require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and second quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CANADA, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 3 AND APR 7, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. CATHERINE SZPINDOR, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO JAPAN AND SOUTH KOREA, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 2 AND APR. 8, 20 18 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * Transportation inclusive of both countries. NICOLE FOLTZ, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates delegation costs. ** Indicates a cancelled mission. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, May 9, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. DAVID P. ROE, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4820. A letter from the Acting PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions and Clarifications in Requirements for the Processing of Donated Foods [FNS20170001] (RIN: 0584AE38) received May 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4821. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Paul A. Grosklags, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4822. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Gary H. Cheek, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4823. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Scott H. Swift, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4824. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Robin Rand, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4825. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report covering the period from January 9, 2018, to March 10, 2018 on the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 107243, Sec. 4(a); (116 Stat. 1501) and 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 1021, Sec. 3 (as amended by Public Law 106113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A422); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4826. A letter from the Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting annual audit of the American Red Cross’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending June 30, 2017, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 300110(b); Public Law 105225, Sec. 300110(b); (112 Stat. 1493); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4827. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1814, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4828. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 1812, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4829. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4830. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification of a vacancy and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4831. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4832. A letter from the Director of Presidential Appointments, Department of State, transmitting thirtyone (31) notifications of either a federal vacancy, designation of acting officer, nomination, action on nomination, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4833. A letter from the Acting Associate Commissioner, Office of Civil Rights and Equal Opportunity, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4834. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Domestic Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Louisiana Pinesnake [Docket No.: FWSR4ES20160121; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018BB46) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4835. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Domestic Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Yellow Lance [Docket No.: FWSR4ES20170017; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018BB45) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4836. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170903; Product Identifier 2017NM074AD; Amendment 3919225; AD 20180605] (RIN: 2120AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4837. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170495; Product Identifier 2017 NM017AD; Amendment 3919222; AD 201806 02] (RIN: 2120AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4838. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA 20180177; Product Identifier 2017SW138AD; Amendment 3919218; AD 20180509] (RIN: 2120AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4839. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20180164; Product Identifier 2018NM026AD; Amendment 3919220; AD 20180511] (RIN: 2120AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4840. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA20110060; Notice No.: 6] (RIN: 2130AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4841. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA20110060, Notice No.: 4] (RIN: 2130AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4842. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Training, Qualification, and Oversight for SafetyRelated Railroad Employees [Docket No.: FRA20090033, Notice No.: 4] (RIN: 2130AC68) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4843. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA20110060, Notice No.: 6] (RIN: 2130AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4844. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA20110060, Notice No.: 5] (RIN: 2130AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4845. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Office of Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, Department of Commerce, transmitting the FY 2017 Annual Report on Small Entity Compliance Guides, pursuant to Sec. 212(a)(6) of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act; to the Committee on Small Business. 4846. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department 
of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Eligibility for Supplemental ServiceDisabled Veterans’ Insurance (RIN: 2900AQ03) received May 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 4847. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2017 Section 45K(d)(2)(C) Reference Price [Notice 201832] received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4848. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major interim final rule — Medicare Program; Durable Medical Equipment Fee Schedule Adjustments to Resume the Transitional 50/50 Blended Rates to Provide Relief in Rural Areas and NonContiguous Areas [CMS1687IFC] (RIN: 0938AT21) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 4849. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Action Plan for Enhanced Enforcement of Mental Health And Substance Use Disorder Coverage’’, pursuant to Sec. 13002 of the 21st Century Cures Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 613. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional institution for firearms carried by certain employees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–674). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Reources. H.R. 4069. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of authentic Alaska Native articles of handicraft containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–675). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. H.R. 5515. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–676). Referred to the Committee of Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 891. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2372 to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–667). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4294. A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclosures of certain individually identifiable information by officers or employees of a Federal department or agency (Rept. 115–678, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. f TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4294. Referral to the Committee on the Judiciary extended for a period ending not later than May 18, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. DUNN (for himself, Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEYof Florida): H.R. 5787. A bill to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5788. A bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. GUTHRIE ): H.R. 5789. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protections for pregnant and post partum women while receiving inpatient treatment for a substance use disorder, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Ms. JUDYCHUof California): H.R. 5790. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to provide for clinical psychologist services models to be tested by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5791. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Boulevard in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5792. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. CLEAVER ): H.R. 5793. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility demonstration to encourage families receiving such voucher assistance to move to lower poverty areas and expand access to opportunity areas; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. ENGEL , and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN ): H.R. 5794. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to enhance the national strategy for combating and eliminating tuberculosis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5795. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. T HOMP SONof California): H.R. 5796. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide technical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself, Mr. KNIGHT , and Mr. GUTHRIE ): H.R. 5797. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mrs. DINGELL , and Mr. P AULSEN ): H.R. 5798. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require a review of current opioid prescriptions for chronic pain and screening for opioid use disorder to be included in the Welcome to Medicare initial preventive physical examination; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. BARR, and Mr. K NIGHT ): H.R. 5799. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require as a condition of receipt of full Federal medical assistance percentage under Medicaid that State Medicaid plans have in place certain drug utilization review activities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California): H.R. 5800. A bill to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an exploratory study and report on requirements applicable to and practices 
of institutions for mental diseases under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself and Mr. FITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5801. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for requirements under the Medicaid program relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and prescribing certain controlled substances; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5802. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to include under their State Medicaid plans coverage for medicationassisted treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5803. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to consider the potential for misuse and abuse when determining whether to approve certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H.R. 5804. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for modifications in payment for certain outpatient surgical services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 5805. A bill to designate certain amounts authorized to be appropriated for the provision by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of hospital care and medical services in nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities pursuant to contracts as changes in concepts and definitions for certain budgetary purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. BUCSHON , and Mr. G RIFFITH ): H.R. 5806. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guidance with respect to the expedited approval of certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 5807. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to allow for more flexibility with respect to medicationassisted treatment for opioid use disorders and to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5808. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to operate drug management programs for atrisk beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. BUCSHON ): H.R. 5809. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to encourage the use of nonopioid analgesics for the management of postsurgical pain under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. WELCH , and Mr. R OTHFUS ): H.R. 5810. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for an extension of the enhanced FMAP for certain Medicaid health homes for individuals with substance use disorders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCNERNEY (for himself and Mr. GRIFFITH ): H.R. 5811. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to postapproval study requirements for certain controlled substances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. PALLONE , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5812. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to carry out certain activities to prevent controlled substances overdoses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. BISHOP of Michigan): H.R. 5813. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from the definition of personal holding company income certain royalties and rents derived in the active conduct of a trade or business; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CORREA , Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. ESHOO , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 5814. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 5815. A bill to require the Federal Trade Commission to establish privacy protections for customers of online edge providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5816. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may provide certain basic financial services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 5817. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5818. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions to help combat the opioid crisis; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. CHABOT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. SIRES, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. COSTA , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. POEof Texas, Ms. B ASS, Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. TITUS, Mr. C OOK, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEYof Florida, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S OTO, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. GARRETT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. COFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. POCAN , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. R USH, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. C ULBERSON , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. DELANEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. MOORE , Ms. L EE, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. BEYER ): H.R. 5819. A bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 5820. A bill to prohibit the expansion of immigration detention facilities, to improve the oversight of such facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. SCHWEIKERT ): H.R. 5821. A bill to establish a process for the termination of certain programs of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. KHANNA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. H ECK, Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R USH, and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER ): H.R. 5822. A bill to establish a National Office for Cyberspace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, and Mr. GAETZ ): H.R. 5823. A bill to prohibit Federal agencies from mandating the deployment of vulnerabilities in data security technologies; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5824. A bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve assistance for socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5825. A bill to expand crop insurance available to beginning farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5826. A bill to amend the Combat Duty Pay Act of 1952 to require that former members of the uniformed services who were captured or entered a missinginaction status during the Korean War while serving as a member of a combat unit in Korea receive combat pay for each month spent in a captured or missinginaction status, rather than just a total of four months; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5827. A bill to extend the authorization for the National Dam Safety Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. POCAN ): H.R. 5828. A bill to require States to temporarily disregard income earned through participation in certain apprenticeship programs, in making eligibility and benefit determinations under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5829. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inform each physician of the Veterans Health Administration of the opioid prescribing rate of the physician and to require pain management training for the physicians with the highest opioid prescribing rates; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. COFFMAN ): H.R. 5830. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. DELANEY , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 5831. A bill to require a demonstration program on the accession as Air Force officers of candidates with auditory impairments; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Mr. HASTINGS , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida): H.R. 5832. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to nursing homes, assisted living facilities, and other longterm care facilities to improve their preparedness for power outages; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 892. A resolution expressing support for SummerSet DC in the Nation’s capital to benefit the District of Columbia and regional residents as well as visitors and to honor the public service of the performers and partners; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SIRES (for himself and Ms. KAPTUR ): H. Res. 893. A resolution recognizing the memorials and monuments to the Katyn Massacre are important historical reminders of the heinous acts that took the lives of approximately 22,000 innocent Polish prisoners of war at the order of Joseph Stalin; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TIPTON: H. Res. 894. A resolution seeking the return of the USS Pueblo to the United States Navy; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H. Res. 895. A resolution recognizing the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and the contributions of Lawrence Parks and Timothy Simons; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. COHEN ): H. Res. 896. A resolution condemning Boko Haram and calling on the Governments of the United States of America and Nigeria to swiftly implement measures to defeat the terrorist organization; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 5787. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5788. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. CONST. art. I, §8, cl. 1 and 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .;’’ and ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes . . . .’’ By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5789. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5790. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5791. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5792. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: HR. 5795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 5796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clause I By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 5797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 5798. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5799. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 5800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5802. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5803. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 5804. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 5805. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5806. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; AND Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5807. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5808. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5809. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 5810. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution which states the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 5811. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5812. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 5813. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 5814. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 5815. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the Constitution. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5816. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 5817. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5818. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5819. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 5820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 5823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 5824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5825. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5826. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5827. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 5828. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5829. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5830. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 5831. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 5832. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 40: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 90: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 161: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 173: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania and Mr. HENSARLING . H.R. 247: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 379: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 502: Mr. REED. H.R. 525: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 545: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 671: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 754: Mr. NOLAN and Ms. C LARK of Mas sachusetts. H.R. 785: Mr. BIGGS and Mr. C OMER . H.R. 788: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 911: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 914: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1006: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 1130: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1134: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 1142: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 1150: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 1171: Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. WOMACK , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. F ASO, and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 1194: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 1204: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. TURNER , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1291: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 1300: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1318: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1322: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 1439: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1494: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. LAMB. H.R. 1676: Mr. BACON . H.R. 1683: Ms. ADAMS . H.R. 1734: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. B OST. H.R. 1759: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1772: Mr. BOSTand Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1813: Mr. NORMAN and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 1825: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 1854: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1861: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1911: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2043: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 2049: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2077: Mr. YODER , Mr. E VANS , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2095: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2234: Mr. PETERSON and Mrs. M CMORRISRODGERS . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 2276: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2290: Ms. MATSUI and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 2315: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 2317: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. TAKANO , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C OSTA , and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2322: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2491: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2587: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 2653: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2790: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 2840: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 2856: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 2860: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 3023: Mr. WOMACK . H.R. 3186: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3197: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 3207: Mr. PALLONE and Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3222: Mr. HIMES. H.R. 3273: Ms. BARRAGA ´Nand Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3303: Ms. NORTON , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 3307: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 3331: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 3497: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3511: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3513: Mr. COOK. H.R. 3531: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 3587: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 3592: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 3605: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3670: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3733: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 3773: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 3840: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 3861: Mr. CUELLAR and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 3866: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 3919: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 3944: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 4022: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4099: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 4142: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4143: Mr. TAKANO and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4206: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 4268: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4271: Mr. NOLAN and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4274: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 4284: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 4342: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4343: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4344: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4392: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 4410: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 4443: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 4525: Mr. SOTOand Mrs. D AVIS of Cali fornia. H.R. 4556: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4610: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4655: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4680: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 4724: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 4805: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 4815: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland. H.R. 4846: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 4888: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 4940: Mr. LANGEVIN . H.R. 5001: Mr. HASTINGS and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5002: Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. LATTA . H.R. 5041: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 5047: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 5067: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 5105: Mr. LARSEN of Washington and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 5136: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 5138: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 5188: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 5199: Mr. BURGESS and Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 5223: Mr. RUSHand Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 5226: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5251: Mr. VARGAS and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE. H.R. 5255: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 5272: Mr. POLIQUIN and Mrs. B LACK BURN . H.R. 5307: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 5310: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5321: Mr. CARTER of Texas. H.R. 5333: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 5343: Mr. CALVERT , Mr. C OMER , Mr. GIANFORTE , and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 5385: Mr. RUSH, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5396: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5418: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5452: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 5467: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H.R. 5476: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 5508: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 5546: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5570: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 5574: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 5606: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5610: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 5612: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 5626: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 5661: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 5669: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 5671: Mr. COMER . H.R. 5682: Mr. ELLISON , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 5694: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 5715: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 5723: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 5731: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 5732: Mr. REED. H.R. 5735: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5753: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5754: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5761: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5765: Mr. RASKIN . H.J. Res. 129: Ms. FUDGE . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. VALADAO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H. Con. Res. 120: Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 69: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H. Res. 136: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 285: Mr. COHEN . H. Res. 332: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R USH, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. GOMEZ , Ms. E STYof Con necticut, and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H. Res. 401: Miss RICEof New York, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H. Res. 785: Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Mr. R OSS, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. H URD, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. S MITH of Mis souri. H. Res. 861: Mr. MARINO . H. Res. 869: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. LIPINSKI , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 876: Mr. SHERMAN . H. Res. 877: Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Ms. MOORE , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico. H. Res. 889: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. SHERMAN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted, as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources in S. 2372 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. ROE OF TENNESSEE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Veterans Affairs in S. 2372 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Chairman GOODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 5698, the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act of 2018,’’ does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2657 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 2018 No. 79 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable CINDY HYDESMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our God and Father, the fountain of every blessing, we ask You to guide us through the challenges You use to test us and to lead those who represent the people of this Nation so that they will labor with courage, strength, and civility. For those who are struggling, may they find clarity to resolve each difficulty. Today, open our hearts to Your Divine guidance and our minds to Your peace. In a special way, be with the protectors of freedom who serve in our Armed Forces. Merciful Lord, we ask You to look after each of us in such a way that we may live up to our full potential for the glory of Your Name. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 