Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow President Trump will give his first State of the Union Address. It is an opportunity for the President to demonstrate leadership and bring to this floor a discussion for both parties to come together and pass, number one, a longterm budget that reflects the priorities of the American people. I have come to this floor many times to express my disagreement with this President on a number of issues. I have disagreed on his efforts to take away healthcare for millions of people, adding costs to people I represent who have health insurance. I have disagreed with his tax policies and disagree vehemently with the policies enacted here, and I am going to continue to speak up when I find disagreement. But I also look for areas where we can work together, and it is my hope that tomorrow the President will articulate one of those: a plan to deal with America’s crumbling infrastructure, especially in America’s older cities. It has been over a year since the President was here and laid out his plan for a big investment plan and a strategy on infrastructure. Words are cheap. We need action. We need something specific. And I am hoping and willing to work with the President if he lays forward such a vision. 
CONGRATULATING LYN GARLING (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate farmereducator Lyn Garling for being selected as the 2018 recipient of the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture’s PASAbilities Award. The award honors businesses and individuals who make meaningful contributions to sustainable agriculture in the State and beyond. For the past 20 years, Lyn Garling of Rebersburg has owned and operated Over the Moon Farm in Centre County. Over the Moon specializes in organic hay, broilers, hogs, and turkeys. Lyn has traveled widely, teaching ecology in Nicaragua and conducting biological studies in Costa Rica and Mexico. She has earned her bachelor’s degree in zoology and has worked on an 80cow, 800acre dairy farm in Colorado. She has spent decades as a program director for the Pennsylvania Integrated Pest Management Program at Penn State University, and she is widely known for helping growers at all scales understand and manage pests on their own operations. Lyn has also worked as an independent organic inspector for Pennsylvania’s Certified Organic and has served several terms on PASA’s board of directors. I wholeheartedly congratulate Lyn on this welldeserved recognition, and I thank her for all of her contributions to the industry. f 
PROTECTING VETERANS FROM DEPORTATION (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my guest for the State of the Union, Marco Chavez. Marco Chavez is a veteran who served this country honorably, came home, and was deported to Mexico. Mr. Chavez was born in Mexico. He was brought to California as an infant. He served in the Marine Corps as a lawful permanent resident before being deported. California Governor Brown granted him a full and unconditional pardon for a minor crime he had done, but he was separated from his family for 16 years. It is an injustice that our veterans can go and serve overseas and that this is how we treat them when they come home after serving this country, many of whom put themselves in harm’s way. That is why I have introduced the Veterans’ Pathway to Citizenship Act, which will make it easier for deported veterans to return to the United States and ensures that ActiveDuty servicemembers don’t leave the military without understanding their options for naturalization. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) at 5 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman for his leadership as well as the author, Mrs. BROOKS , for her leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act. In the wake of the horrendous revelations of sexual abuse brought to the forefront by the recent USA Gymnastics case, it is clear that measures do need to be put in place to protect young athletes and keep them safe. No child should ever be put in the position of having their innocence robbed from them, which is why we need to have the highest protections of the law from those looking to exploit them and take advantage of their vulnerability. I would encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill which will require amateur athleticgoverning bodies to immediately report sex abuse allegations to local or Federal law enforcement and also to make it safe and easy for victims to report that abuse. As the Olympics approach, there is no doubt, we will all be reminded, unfortunately, of the recent sexual abuse case that took place with the gymnastics team. But this is our opportunity to take action, to do everything in our power to make sure that this does not happen again, and to protect all of our young and future athletes, giving them the confidence that they will never be put in a situation where an adult or someone who may have inappropriate intentions does not have the ability to do so. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, when I read the quote from the accuser who said this could have been stopped in 1997, the article’s headline was that eight times Larry Nassar could have been stopped. Eight times. So it is important to take note of this legislation as a clarion call, and these words are most important. This provision makes it unlawful for an adult who is authorized by a national governing body, a member of a national governing body, or an amateur sports organization that participates in interstate or international amateur athletic competition to interact with a minor or amateur athlete at specific events to fail to report as soon as possible child and sexual abuse to local law enforcement or another agency. Many times members of the Judiciary Committee don’t like wide nets. We have a responsibility to adhere to the Constitution. But we are the committee that has the responsibility of upholding the rule of law. And to all of those who are now in this wide net, that is the rule of law: to be able to protect our children against massive sexual abuse as they pursue their dreams. Just a comment, the requirement would arise on a person that learns of the facts that give reason to suspect that a child has suffered an incident of child abuse, including sexual abuse; and, therefore, those who can say or attempt to say, ‘‘I couldn’t understand what the child was saying; it wasn’t clear,’’ but if they got a sense that there was a problem, they come under that net. I believe that that is appropriate. Let me also indicate that there is a long list of sheroes who have been impacted by Dr. Nassar. My constituent stated, on January 16, a former Olympic gymnast who wowed the world, Simone Biles, said that she was abused by Dr. Nassar. The long list of Dr. Nassar’s victims include U.S. Olympic gymnasts McKayla Maroney, Aly Raisman, and Gabby Douglas. They represented the country and made us proud. And can you imagine? They were abused. Let me thank the many organizations that have worked hard to advance this legislation, including Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, RAINN, the Nation’s largest antisexual violence organization. They have been magnificent. I include in the RECORD a number of letters, Mr. Speaker, because each day approximately 600 individuals are affected by sexual violence, most of whom are children or parents seeking support, and they are served by this organization. The first letter I include in the RECORD supporting this legislation is from RAINN, which urges the House of Representatives and others to pass this legislation so that it can move quickly into the position to be signed by the President. RAINN, Washington, DC, November 27, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY , House of Representatives. Hon. JOHNTHUNE , U.S. Senate. Hon. SUSAN BROOKS , House of Representatives. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. Hon. STENY HOYER , House of Representatives. Hon. DIANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate. Hon. LOISFRANKEL , House of Representatives. DEARHOUSE AND SENATE LEADERS : RAINN, the nation’s largest antisexual violence organization, urges the House of Representatives to pass the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act. Every two minutes in America, someone is sexually assaulted. Every eight minutes, that individual is a child. The Senatepassed bill, which has RAINN’s support and reflects months of bipartisan work and deliberation, is an important step forward in ensuring that young athletes can train and compete in the safe environments they deserve. The legislation strengthens and streamlines the process for reporting abuse of amateur athletes, and requires officials and coaches who work with prospective Olympians to undergo training on sexual abuse. Survivors are reaching out to RAINN, which operates the National Sexual Assault Hotline, in record numbers. There has been a 21 percent increase in those contacting our hotline. Each day, RAINN’s victim service programs provide support to approximately 600 individuals affected by sexual violence, assisting a record 19,432 people in October alone. Many who contact the Hotline are children or parents seeking support. We urge the House of Representatives to advance this legislation, as passed by the Senate, without delay. Doing so will demonstrate a commitment to ensuring young athletes who dream of representing our nation at the highest levels can achieve their goals safely and in a respectful environment. Thank you and please do not hesitate to contact RAINN with questions or concerns. Sincerely, REBECCA W. O’C ONNOR , Esq., Vice President of Public Policy. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, every 2 minutes in America, someone is sexually assaulted; every 8 minutes, that individual is a child. Let me include in the RECORD a letter from the U.S. Olympians and Paralympians Association, and I would like to call out their names. These are all athletes: Dick Fosbury, track and field; Willie Banks, track and field; Allison Baver, speedskating; Carol Brown, rowing; Candace Cable, Paralympic track and field; Caryn Davies, rowing; Gary Hall, Sr., swimming; Micki King, diving; Carol Lewis, track and field; John Naber, swimming; Bill Toomey, track and field; Iris Zimmerman, fencing. 
U.S. O LYMPIANS & PARALYMPIANS  ASSOCIATION . An open letter from the U.S. Olympians and Paralympians Association to athletes everywhere: We hear you. We have heard your many stories detailing the sexual and emotional abuse you endured while training and competing in pursuit of your goals and your dreams. We applaud your individual and collective courage and conviction in coming forward and telling all . . . and calling out those who abused your trust. We are both appalled by the actions of those who hurt you and deeply saddened by your suffering. For those whose stories we haven’t heard (and may never hear), we respect your decision and your privacy . . . but also acknowledge the pain you feel in silence. We are united in saying that there is no place for abuse in sport—at any age, at any level, in any venue. As Olympic and Paralympic alumni, we want you to know we are a family that stands strong for the ideals of the Olympic and Paralympic movements. When we, as athletes, returned from past Games, we shared an understanding that ‘‘The goal of Olympism is to place sport at the service of the harmonious development of humankind, with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity.’’ Now we must ask how can athlete dignity be preserved when the responsible institutions fail so in their oversight? So what shall we do? We shall continue to advocate for education and safe sport, to teach young boys and girls to recognize the signs of abuse and provide a safe place to speak without repercussion. Parents, coaches and trainers need to be educated to recognize the signs and learn how to behave properly in coaching situations. We shall support Title IX, the U.S. Center for SafeSport and pending federal legislation to protect our athletes. For any of you who are currently in need (or know someone who is), the newly created and independent U.S. Center for SafeSport is available for confidential 24/7 reporting and crisis support: SafeSport.org 24/7 SafeSport Crisis Helpline 866–200–0796 We know the power of commitment to a belief and to goals; our goal is that your experiences are never repeated. Together, we shall seek to create a way of life based on the joy of effort. Together in sport, United States Olympians and Paralympians Association Executive Committee President Dick Fosbury—Track and Field, 1968 Willie Banks—Track and Field, 1980/1984/ 1988 Allison Baver—Speedskating, 2002/2006/2010 Carol Brown—Rowing 1976/1980/1984 Candace Cable—Paralympic Track and Field, 1980/1988/1992/1996, Alpine Skiing, 1992; Nordic Skiing,1994/1998/2002/2006 Caryn Davies—Rowing, 2004/2008/2012 Gary Hall Sr.—Swimming, 1968/1972/1976 Micki King—Diving, 1968/1972 Carol Lewis—Track and Field, 1980/1984/1988 John Naber—Swimming, 1976 Bill Toomey—Track and Field, 1968 Iris Zimmerman—Fencing, 2000 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, likewise, I include in the RECORD a letter, dated November 16, 2017, from the CWLA, Child Welfare League of America, an organization that worked on this issue. 
CWLA, Washington, DC, November 16, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY , House of Representatives. Hon. JOHNTHUNE , U.S. Senate. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. Hon. STENY HOYER , House of Representatives. Hon. DIANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate. DEARSPEAKER RYAN, LEADER PELOSI , CONGRESSMAN MCCARTHY , CONGRESSMAN HOYER , SENATOR THUNE , ANDSENATOR FEINSTEIN : The Child Welfare League of America, after months of bipartisan work and deliberation, urges the House of Representatives to pass the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act. This bipartisan legislation has now passed the Senate and we firmly believe it will help to address some of the recent reports of child sexual abuse that occurred against some of this nation’s finest young athletes while training for the United States Olympic team. Based on past history and reports, CWLA believes that stronger legislative action is required so that this history does not continue to repeat itself. Over these past several months we have been able to work with key congressional offices to enhance the responsibility and the accountability of U.S. Olympic organizations. Several parts of this bill, including the authorization and funding for the U.S. Center for Safe Sport, are critical to this accountability. We hope the House of Representatives will act without delay so parents and young athletes can live out their dreams of competing on behalf of this country and do so with the assurance they will be safe and respected. Thank you for your attention on behalf of children. Sincerely, CHRISTINE JAMES BROWN , President/CEO, Child Welfare League of America. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from the DC Coalition Against Domestic Violence. They have worked along with RAINN and have emphasized that the Nation’s youngest have been impacted by this dastardly series of actions. 
DC C OALITION AGAINST  DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , Washington, DC, November 20, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives. Hon. SUSAN BROOKS , House of Representatives. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY , House of Representatives. Hon. JOHNTHUNE , U.S. Senate. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. Hon. LOISFRANKEL , House of Representatives. Hon. STENY HOYER , House of Representatives. Hon. DIANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate. DEARSPEAKER RYAN, LEADER PELOSI , MS. BROOKS , MS. FRANKEL , MR. MCCARTHY , MR. HOYER , MR. THUNE , and M S. FEINSTEIN : The DC Coalition Against Domestic Violence urges the House of Representatives to pass the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act. This bipartisan legislation is imperative to respond to the numerous disclosures of child sexual abuse by our nation’s youngest and most accomplished athletes while they were training for the U.S. Olympics. Intervention and prevention measures through this legislation are desperately needed to keep our children safe and hold offenders and entities accountable for their actions and their silence. Authorization and funding for the U.S. Center for Safe Sport will be the first significant step toward this goal. We ask the House of Representatives to swiftly and expeditiously pass this legislation to protect our young athletes and show them they are valued and deserve to excel in their chosen sport without fear of and violence from those they trust. Thank you for your commitment to ending sexual abuse, please do not hesitate to contact our office if we can be of further assistance in this charge. Sincerely, KARMA COTTMAN , Executive Director. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from Professor Emeritus Howard M. Rubin from DePaul University who speaks about sexual abuse. ‘‘My wife, Barbara Blaine, knew the lasting damage that is caused when a child is abused having been a child victim.’’ 
DEPAULUNIVERSITY  COLLEGE OF LAW, Chicago, Illinois, November 16, 2017. Re: SB.534/ HR 1973—Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act of 2017 Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN , Senator JOHNTHUNE , Representative SUSAN BROOKS , Representative LOISFRANKEL . DEARLAWMAKERS : I am writing to enthusiastically support S.534/HR 1973 and to express my appreciation for your work in drafting and advancing this legislation. In the wake of the deluge of sexual harassment scandals breaking on a daily basis, the American public is crying out for recognition of women’s rights, and the rights of victims of sexual abuse and harassment. While there is no way to quantify the struggles of one victim against another a young victim’s childhood is indelibly harmed by sexual abuse. My wife, Barbara Blaine, knew the lasting damage that is caused when a child is abused having been a child victim. For her entire adult life she fought selflessly and tirelessly to ensure the safety and well being of survivors, to prevent children from suffering abuse, and to hold accountable those responsible. Abusers and their enablers utilizing their power and status as shields against prosecution and retribution were dragged out into the light of justice and accountability by Barbara’s ceaseless crusade as advocate. One of Barbara’s passions was confronting unfair statute of limitations. They protected abusers and punished young victims unable to confront their abuse till later in life. The language in S.534 that extends statute of limitations for victims of child sexual abuse pertaining to federal crimes is a tribute to her efforts. Barbara cast a bright light against the darkness, but tragically, her flame was snuffed out far too soon. She left this world suddenly and before she could finish her life’s work. It is upon us now to stoke the embers left in the wake of that lifetime, that her legacy might live on forever through S.534, and cast such a spark so as to permanently light the way towards justice for those who have been abused. I would consider it an honor to be included in the list of supporters for S.534. Sincerely, HOWARD M R UBIN, Professor Emeritus. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a letter from the National Children’s Alliance, which has been working with other advocacy groups and, again, has done longstanding work against child abuse, supporting this legislation. 
NATIONAL CHILDREN ALLIANCE , Washington, DC, November 20, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY , U.S. House of Representatives. Hon. JOHNTHUNE , U.S. Senate. Hon. SUSAN BROOKS , House of Representatives. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives. Hon. STENY HOYER , House of Representatives. Hon. DIANNE FEINSTEIN , U.S. Senate. Hon. LOISFRANKEL , House of Representatives. DEARSPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : DEAR CONGRESSMAN MCCARTHY AND CONGRESSMAN HOYER : DEAR SENATOR THUNE AND SENATOR FEINSTEIN : DEAR CONGRESSWOMAN BROOKS AND CONGRESSWOMAN FRANKEL : The National Children’s Alliance, in cooperation with numerous other advocacy groups, encourages the House of Representatives to pass the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse and Safe Sport Authorization Act (S.534). Having recently passed the Senate, this bipartisan legislation seeks to address the numerous reports of childhood sexual abuse that have occurred against our nation’s young athletes. The recent press surrounding the United States’ Olympic trainees only serves to heighten the need for a strong legislative response. The NCA’s longstanding work on child abuse leads us to believe that this legislation will increase the accountability of U.S. Olympic organizations and help ensure that incidences of this nature are not repeated. In particular, authorization and funding for the U.S. Center for Safe Sport is one of the critical provisions of this bill that will actively enhance U.S. Olympic organizations’ responsibility in these matters. It establishes an office for education and outreach to develop the appropnate training, policies, and procedures to combat and prevent the emotional, physical, and sexual abuse, of young athletes competing in athletic activities sponsored by national governing bodies and Paralympic sports organizations. We hope that the House of Representatives will take swift action and stand with us in ensuring that our young athletes are protected as they stave to compete on behalf of our nation. Thank you for your consideration of our youth. Sincerely, TERESA HUIZAR , Executive Director, National Children’s Alliance. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. CHILD USA: Let’s End Child Abuse and Neglect said 
in a letter, which I include in the RECORD : ‘‘This bill would shine much needed sunlight on the problem of abuse in sports. It will protect children in the future.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I also include in the RECORD a letter from the United States Olympic Committee, dated January 24, 2018. 
UNITED STATES OLYMPIC COMMITTEE , Colorado Springs, CO, January 24, 2018. TOTEAM USA: The athlete testimony that just concluded in the Nassar hearings framed the tragedy through the eyes of the victims and survivors, and was worse than our own worst fears. It was powerful because of the strength of the victims, survivors and parents, who so eloquently and forcefully told their stories and so rightfully demanded justice. The USOC should have been there to hear it in person, and I am deeply sorry that did not happen. The purpose of this message is to tell all of Nassar’s victims and survivors, directly, how incredibly sorry we are We have said it in other contexts, but we have not been direct enough with you. We are sorry for the pain caused by this terrible man, and sorry that you weren’t afforded a safe opportunity to pursue your sports dreams. The Olympic family is among those that have failed you. I know this apology is not enough. We have been working on taking steps at the USOC and mandating changes among National Governing Bodies to ensure this does not happen again. Our next steps will be these: 1. We Must Change the Culture of the Sport. This was the primary recommendation of the independent Deborah Daniels Report on USA Gymnastics and the athlete testimony underlined its importance. We heard athletes describe being unsure or unaware of how to report abuse and to whom, and sometimes even what constitutes abuse. We heard athletes describe being afraid or discouraged from reporting abuse. We heard athletes describe feeling hurt, betrayed, discounted and alone. Since October of last year, we have been engaged in direct talks with USAG leadership on this fundamental point. New leadership at the board level is critical and you recently saw three USAG board resignations. Further changes are necessary to help create a culture that fosters safe sport practice, offers athletes strong resources in education and reporting, and ensures the healing of the victims and survivors. This includes a full turnover of leadership from the past, which means that all current USAG directors must resign. 2. We Must Change the Governance Structure of the NGB. We need to help USA Gymnastics better support its mission, which is to provide the best resources and safest environment for athletes to train and compete. We have strongly considered decertifying USAG as a National Governing Body. But USA Gymnastics includes clubs and athletes who had no hand in this and who need to be supported. We believe it would hurt more than help the athletes and their sport. But we will pursue decertification if USA Gymnastics does not fully embrace the necessary changes in their governance structure along with other mandated changes under review right now. 3. We Must Know Who Knew What and When. The USOC has decided to launch an investigation by an independent third party to examine how an abuse of this proportion could have gone undetected for so long. We need to know when complaints were brought forward and to who. This investigation will include both USAG and the USOC, and we believe USAG will cooperate fully. We will make the results public. 4. We Must Support Safe Sport Victims and Survivors. Team USA safe sport assault victims and survivors need access to testing, treatment and counseling. The USOC will devote substantial funds to help provide these resources to victims and survivors. We are working on the details of how this funding will become available to athletes and will communicate them soon. I hope that all members of Team USA remember that the USOC ombudsman office is always available to provide free, independent and confidential help to athletes with concerns or questions about safe sport or other matters. Contact information, along with other helpful athlete resources, are here. In order to bring even more focus and urgency to these important points, the USOC board of directors has mobilized a board level working group chaired by independent board member Susanne Lyons. Finally, I invite any member of Team USA to communicate with me or Ms. Lyons directly if there is more that you think the Olympic family can or should be doing for you and your families. Sincerely, SCOTT BLACKMUN , Chief Executive Officer. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. POEfor his longstanding work on these issues, the two House cosponsors, and the Senator, and I want to end with, with that volcanic action, there was no reaction, a deafening silence. Let us, with the passage of this bill, begin the journey of commitment, along with our acknowledgment of the Me Too movement that we will never be silent again. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 534, the ‘‘Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act’’. This bill will help prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities. This is a reasonable and important measure that is intended to protect young athletes from abuse and preserve the sanctity of sports associated with the U.S. Olympic Committee— the organization responsible for preparing and training young athletes who might one day represent our Nation competitively all over the world. Children deserve to fully enjoy the innocence of their youth—by exploring the curiosities of the world, taking pleasure in the arts, and participating in sports—free from abuse. Sexual abuse of children and youth is an abhorrent practice that is intolerable in any context, and we must take appropriate measures to eliminate it from youth sports. Young people look to adults to protect them and keep them safe. We all have a responsibility to do so. With S. 534, we have an opportunity to ensure that individuals abide by this duty. Certain other professionals—such as doctors, dentists, social workers, psychologists, teachers, and daycare workers, are already bound by law to report suspected abuse to law enforcement. S. 534 will require the same of adults who interact with young athletes in connection with sports activities organized by the national governing bodies of various sports. The urgent need for this legislation is best illustrated by the horrible abuse and exploitation of numerous young gymnasts at the hands of Dr. Larry Nassar, who victimized young athletes participating in USA Gymnastics over the course of 20 years. The stories of abuse and suffering of these young women are heartbreaking. Many complaints of sexual and emotional abuse by Nassar and others went unreported for years—allowing coaches, instructors, and doctors to repeatedly victimize gymnasts as young as six years old. The shocking failure of anyone to report accusations to law enforcement, or even keep track of complaints internally, made it possible for some of these predators to commit multiple, horrific acts over time. We entrust the care of our children and young athletes in the hands of those we hope to uphold that trust and not abuse it. One of the more than 150 girls and women victimized by Dr. Nassar was recently quoted as saying, ‘‘He has everything he needs to be an incredible leader. He has the personality . . . the skill . . . the knowledge. And he’s using that to prey on people . . . what a waste.’’ Last week, a Michigan judge sentenced Nassar to a prison sentence of up to 175 years. The judge described Nassar’s assault of scores of girls and women, under the pretense that he was treating them, as ‘‘precise, 
calculated, manipulative, devious and despicable.’’ We must continue to do more to help protect our young athletes, and this bill will greatly assist in that effort. However, I must note a concern with a change the bill before us would make to the Senatepassed version of S. 534. The bill unanimously passed by the Senate would authorize funding to be provided to the U.S. Center for Safe Sport in the amount of $1 million for each of the next five years. Unfortunately, the version of the bill before us strips this funding authorization. I believe we should have taken up the Senate bill, without amendment. Safe Sport is charged with important responsibilities under this bill—with respect to receiving and investigating allegations of abuse and setting policies to prevent future abuse. It is critical that we ensure that the Center is provided the resources for those things to be done immediately and effectively. By doing so, I hope we will prevent the type of abuse and suffering perpetrated by people like Larry Nassar. In a recent open letter from the U.S. Olympians and Paralympians Association to athletes everywhere, they wrote: ‘‘The goal of Olympism is to place sport at the service of the harmonious development of humankind, with a view to promoting a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity. Now we must ask how can athlete dignity be preserved when the responsible institutions fail so in their oversight?’’ In an apology letter to Team USA from the United States Olympic Committee issued last week, the Committee admitted that it had failed its young athletes. While the USA Gymnastics scandal is unfortunate, let it be an example and incentive to prevent such abuse from happening again. Accordingly, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. The ‘‘Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act’’ is a necessary measure to ensure young athletes in this country are able to pursue their athletic dreams in safe environments, free of the fear of being victimized by predators. I thank the many organizations that have worked hard to advance this legislation, including Rape Abuse & Incest National Network (RAINN), the Nation’s largest antisexual violence organization. I’d like to enter into the record a letter from RAINN, which indicates survivors are reaching out to its National Sexual Assault Hotline in record numbers, at a 21 percent increase. Each day approximately 600 individuals affected by sexual violence are served, most of whom are children or parents seeking support. For the foregoing reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I ask support of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas, not only for her support of the legislation, but also for her longtime working on these issues of victims of crime, and her involvement in legislation in the past and in the future on matters such as this. This is not a happy event, Mr. Speaker. This legislation, as Mr. Bishop said, it is unfortunate that Congress had to get involved in this issue. Congress is going to get involved, and we are going to try to rectify the problems of the past and hold people accountable for crimes in the future. We are talking about the symbol of everything that is good, and right, and beautiful about America: these Olympics, the Olympians, and particularly the gymnasts who represent America; the training they go through; the zeal for which they represent our country and work. Yet, while all of that was going on, bad things were happening to them. Our gymnasts who just participated in the last Olympics, who won medals, gold medals, they endured abuse, yet they went forward to represent our country in the United States Olympics. People who harm those girls and other athletes, male and female, they need to be held accountable, not just Larry Nassar, but other people need to be held accountable. This is where law enforcement needs to be involved. Mr. Speaker, I am a former judge, and I want to commend the judge in this case, Judge Rosemarie Aquilina, for allowing all of these victims to testify in open court. They had the courage to come forward and tell very difficult things, things that are difficult for us to even listen to here on the House floor. They said it, and they wanted the criminal to know what he had done to them impacted them. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the judge for allowing that, but also the sentence that she imposed. I want to read a few more of the statements, Mr. Speaker: Jessica Rodriguez: ‘‘USA Gymnastics should be held accountable for each and every one of these acts of abuse they allowed to happen.’’ Taryn Look: ‘‘I was still a child. . . . I wanted to end my life.’’ Mattie Larson: ‘‘I was at the height of my career at 19, and the Olympics were just a year away, and I just couldn’t take any more of the abuse. I was broken. Larry, my coaches, and USA Gymnastics turned a sport I fell in love with as a kid to my personal living hell.’’ Mr. Speaker, all of these brave Americans came forward and testified about what had happened to them. And we should—they are all Olympians for that. They all deserve the gold medal for what they did representing our country and their strength and their courage to testify in open court about what happened to them. The defendant, the convicted criminal, wrote a letter to the judge, Mr. Speaker, saying he couldn’t take all of this abuse against him for having to listen to all of the statements by the victims. Are you kidding me? He is not the victim. He is the criminal, and he belongs in jail. He belongs in jail, as these victims have said, for the rest of his life, to keep him away from little girls. And I am glad that that is where he is going, but he is not a victim. Because of the mental abuse that he caused on victims of crime, he needs to remember what he has done. And I am glad that we have finally got this legislation passed in such a quick method. It is proof, Mr. Speaker, that we can work pretty fast, we also can work in a bipartisan manner, and we can also work with the Senate getting legislation that is important to America passed. Mr. Speaker, I want to read one last statement, and I include in the RECORD  the 133 written statements that I have, subject to length limitation in the RECORD . 
STATEMENTS BY 133 PEOPLE  Kyle Stephens: ‘‘Little girls don’t stay little forever, they grow into strong women that return to destroy your world.’’ Jessica Thomashow: ‘‘What you did to me was twisted. You manipulated me and my family. How dare you. Donna Markham (Speaking on behalf of her daughter, Chelsey, who killed herself 10 years ago.): ‘‘In 2009, she took her own life. She couldn’t deal with the pain anymore. Every day I miss her, every day. It all started with him.’’ Jade Capua: ‘‘I am no longer broken by you. Every day I grow a new strength and look into the mirror to see a strong, unbreakable person. Nothing will ever take away what you’ve done to me or to the others that started behind me. However, we can walk free and radiate the strength that we’ve gained from your horrific acts, something you will never be able to do.’’ Alexis Moore: ‘‘I don’t like the word victim. I am a survivor, but more so I am me. Those 10 years are a part of my story. They have helped define who I am today.’’ Olivia Cowan: On Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics: ‘‘If they would have taken action when it was first reported, they would have saved me.’’ Nicole Soos: ‘‘I thought he was a famous doctor. There was no way he would do anything inappropriately in front of my mom. I was wrong.’’ Ashley Erickson: ‘‘Today I can say I’m finally ready to face you . . . Why did you do this? You were the adult, you were the doctor.’’ Rebecca Mark: ‘‘He molested me and he molested me with my mom in the room.’’ Bethany Bauman: ‘‘I am 100% confident, that if he had not been caught, he would have continued to do this for the rest of his life.’’ Kate Mahon: ‘‘By publicly speaking out against Larry Nassar, I’m not just speaking out for myself. I’m speaking out for all the girls and women of the past, present, and future that have been or will be affected by sexual assault.’’ Danielle Moore; ‘‘I hope being reduced to a (prison) number will define you as it defined me for so many years. I will no longer be known as a number, and I will be Dr. Danielle Moore.’’ Melissa Imrie: ‘‘Everybody’s story that I listened to today is just an echo of everything that I’ve went through. They’re just speaking like it’s my voice.’’ Megan Halicek: ‘‘As I stand here, I still flash back to the feelings of fear, laying frozen in his office, my sweating shaking body, adrenaline pumping, painfully clutching the sides of the table, waiting for the sick treatment to be over.’’ Jamie Dantzscher: ‘‘There is no therapy, no cure for monsters like you. You are pure evil.’’ 
Brianne Randall: ‘‘I was a 17yearold that reported your abuse to police in 2004. You used my vulnerability at the time to sexually abuse me. I reported you to police immediately and had a rape kit done . . . you had the audacity to tell [police] I misunderstood the treatment because I wasn’t comfortable with my body. How dare you? Sadly they took your word instead of mine.’’ Anna Ludes (video statement): ‘‘I felt so special and lucky that Larry Nassar would take the time to help me. But it turned out that he was a molester.’’ Lindsey Schuett (video statement): ‘‘If anyone deserves to never see the light of day again it is this man.’’ Marion Siebert: ‘‘You hindered the trajectories of our lives that we and our parents worked so very hard for, and changed the rest of our lives in ways that we’re still realizing and dealing with every day. This is what makes this crime so heinous.’’ Katelyn Skrabis (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘Nothing can change what Larry Nassar did to me.’’ Taylor Stevens (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘Because of you my life has been forever changed. I have to live with the fact that I am a victim of sexual assault.’’ Breanne Rata (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘My only relief is knowing my picture is no longer on the wall of your Michigan State office.’’ Erin McCann: ‘‘I was told over and over again how honored I should feel for seeing Dr. Nassar . . . It was no honor. It was disgust. It took more than it should have from me.’’ Jennifer RoodBedford: ‘‘The road to healing looks steep from where I am standing now, but I am a warrior.’’ Gina Nichols (on behalf of her daughter, Olympic hopeful Maggie Nichols): ‘‘You are not a real doctor. You are a serial child molester, a pedophile.’’ Tiffany Lopez Thomas: ‘‘I imagine hitting you if I ever had the opportunity to see you again. Instead I will allow my thoughts and my feelings to hit your heart.’’ Jeanette Antolin: ‘‘You made me believe you were my friend. I truly believe you are the spawn of Satan. There’s no therapy that will fix the evil that’s deep inside you.’’ Kayla Spicher: ‘‘I was sexually assaulted, but I was unaware, not because I was naive, but because I was a child.’’ Gwen Anderson: ‘‘I still remember him saying, ‘‘It’s OK. I know you’re not used to being touched there, but it will feel better.’’ Thomas Brennan (Gwen’s coach): ‘‘For the record, go to hell . . . What you did to everyone else who trusted you and sent girls your way is disgusting, reprehensible, unforgivable.’’ Amanda Thomashow; ‘‘Larry, the thing you didn’t realize when you were sexually assaulting me . . . was that you were building an army of survivors who would ultimately expose you for who you are. From this rubble we will rise as an army of female warriors.’’ Jaime Doski: ‘‘I want to show my family how strong I am and that I’m a survivor.’’ Jenelle Moul: ‘‘I hope you are never able to walk outside those [prison] walls as a free man. Most importantly I hope all of the survivors you hurt are able to heal from the damage you have done.’’ Madeline Jones: ‘‘Before every appointment, I cried in the bathroom. After every appointment, I couldn’t wait to get home and shower.’’ Amanda Barterian: ‘‘I refuse to let Larry Nassar take anything more from here. He’s already taken enough.’’ Jennifer Hayes: ‘‘You parted my legs and forcefully pushed your dry fingers in my vagina . . . You had created a secure world where you brainwashed everyone around you.’’ Nicole Walker: ‘‘I have anxiety and sleep disorders all because of what you did to me.’’ Chelsea Williams: ‘‘He manipulated me with such ease, with such finesse. This is perhaps what scares me the most about him.’’ Stephanie Robinson: ‘‘While I came to this stand as a victim, I leave as victor.’’ Carrie Hogan: ‘‘I am broken, I’m tired, I feel like life has been desperately sucked out of me.’’ Helena Weick: ‘‘This is not my shame anymore. It’s yours.’’ Amanda Cormier: ‘‘These things happened to me in his office long ago were not short lived and uncomfortable moments. They were lifelong traumas that changed the way I walk in the world.’’ McKayla Maroney (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘He abused my trust. He abused my body and he left scars on my psyche that will never go away. It all started when I was 13 or 14 years old. It didn’t end until I left the sport.’’ Annette Hill: ‘‘As your former patient, I trusted you, Larry. You sexually abused me.’’ Aly Raisman: ‘‘I will not rest until every last trace of your influence on this sport has been destroyed like the cancer it is.’’ Lyndsy Carr Gamet: ‘‘I was a carefree silly little girl until this happened and afterwards there was a cloud and the cloud has followed me into every relationship in my life, especially the most important ones.’’ Taylor Cole: ‘‘This man has broken my world.’’ Jessica Smith: ‘‘I’m mortified that I didn’t understand exactly what that meant at that time.’’ Arianna Guerrero: ‘‘I am only 16. I should not even know what an impact statement is. I shouldn’t know what the inside of a courtroom looks like. You have a hard time looking at me now. But you didn’t seem to have a problem when I was half naked on your table.’’ Nicole Reeb: ‘‘[Michigan State University’s] response has compounded my pain. I am frustrated and outraged at the administration’s inability to take responsibility for handing over children and girls to a predator for almost 20 years. I no longer bleed green.’’ Christine Harrison: ‘‘You knew what you were doing was wrong and you only asked for forgiveness because you got caught.’’ Jessica Tarrant (recorded video): ‘‘I wasn’t even alive yet the first time he sexually assaulted someone and I was only one when he was first reported.’’ Brian Tarrant (Jessica’s father): ‘‘I just want to say, Larry, you did nothing to defeat her.’’ Mary FisherFollmer (on behalf of her two daughters, Katherine Payne and Maureen Payne): ‘‘As you deteriorate in prison, I want you to remember you lost.’’ Katie Rasmussen: ‘‘No one did anything because no one believed me. They didn’t understand how such a respectable doctor would do something like that. And I don’t understand how a 14yearold could make that up.’’ Madeline Johnson: ‘‘I realized the only way I could get him to stop was if I lied and told him pain was all gone.’’ Chelsea Zerfas: ‘‘I avoided going to practice when I knew I had to see him . . . I felt like I couldn’t breathe and I’d tremble in fear.’’ Samantha Ursch: ‘‘I’m not pretending it didn’t happen anymore. I’m just moving past it.’’ Kara Johnson: ‘‘The framed photos of patients on his wall told an incredible story of a doctor who could heal anyone.’’ Clasina Syrovy: ‘‘When girls came forward and told an adult the adults didn’t listen. Why didn’t they listen? What good is it to teach children to tell an adult if the grown up doesn’t listen, doesn’t take action?’’ Brad Johnson (Kara and Madeline’s father): ‘‘Your story is dark, sinister, and pure evil.’’ William Michell (Larissa’s father): ‘‘You sowed a destructive black seed in my daughter’s innocent mind and body.’’ Amy Labadie: ‘‘Come hell or high water we’ll take every last one of you down that could have stopped this monster.’’ Ashley Yost: ‘‘That’s something a 25year old shouldn’t have to do . . . sleep in their parents’ bed because they’re afraid of a monster.’’ Marie Anderson: ‘‘While his fingers were 
inside of me, he would apply pressure to the outside of my lower abdomen and massage the inside of my vaginal area.’’ Kassie Powell: ‘‘You hid for years behind Olympic rings and a Spartan [Michigan State University’s mascot] head, but now there is nowhere left for you to hide.’’ Doug Powell (Kassie’s father): ‘‘I want you to fear and cry, and no one to listen. I want you to remain alive for your eternal life in those [prison] walls.’’ Megan Ginter: ‘‘I am done being ashamed of something that was out of my control.’’ Katherine Gordon: ‘‘Sexual assault is distant until you realize each girl in the news is a broken mirror.’’ Katelynne Hall: ‘‘What if someone would have taken the abuse seriously?’’ Anya Gillengarten: ‘‘I thought the things that Larry Nassar did to me would send me to Hell.’’ Amanda McGeachie: ‘‘MSU has failed to represent us; failed to respect us; failed to take accountability for our safety. After being a proud Spartum alum . . . I now feel ashamed to have represented a school who will not take accountability.’’ Lindsay Woolever: ‘‘You were in the best position to help people but you chose to do the opposite.’’ Hannah Morrow: ‘‘Life’s handed me lemons, and you’d best believe that I am well prepared to make lemonade.’’ Jordyn Wieber: ‘‘Even though I am a victim, I won’t live my life as one. I am an Olympian. Alexis Alvarado: ‘‘I was only a child when this abuse started. I didn’t know what he was doing was wrong.’’ Morgan McCaul: ‘‘You violated the very principle of your calling: Do no harm.’’ Trinea Gonczar: ‘‘It’s time for me to stand up for these little girls and not stand behind you anymore. Goodbye, Larry. May god bless your dark broken soul.’’ Larissa Michell Boyce: ‘‘Today is a new day. Today I am claiming my freedom from you. Today I am breaking free from the chains you put me in 20 years ago. Today I am finally free. I am standing here reclaiming the voice that you stole from me. I am reclaiming my confidence. I am reclaiming the power you took from me. I am reclaiming Larissa Michell, that innocent girl you abused. I am no longer that little girl. I am taking her back, I have the control now.’’ Bayle Pickel: ‘‘How could you do something so horrible to an innocent young girl?’’ Adam Boyce (Larissa’s husband): ‘‘It was and still is very real for us.’’ Bailey Lorencen: ‘‘While my mind heals and filters out the evil sickness that you unwillingly bestowed upon my body your mind will get darker and darker and you will hate yourself almost as much as everyone hates you in this room right now.’’ Valerie Webb: ‘‘To all my sisters, we need to stand, fight back and not rest until this mess is up mopped up; each and every crumb.’’ Whitney Mergens: ‘‘All I want is for this darkness to go away. I don’t want to look in 
the mirror and have to convince myself that I’m okay. I want to stand there and see a strong woman other than a damaged one. Standing here today I know the light is near.’’ Marta Stern: ‘‘I will no longer carry the weight of what you did to me so long ago. The burden is yours.’’ Melody PosthumaVanderveen: ‘‘We need to call out the deeper issue at hand. We live in a society where action is not taken when it’s most needed.’’ Emma Ann Miller: ‘‘[Michigan State University] is still sending bills to my mom for appointments where I was sexually assaulted.’’ Amanda Smith: ‘‘I will not stop speaking until I am heard, until we are heard, until things are changed.’’ Taylor Livingston: ‘‘Everyone who continued to allow this man, knowing full well what he was doing, is to blame.’’ Lindsey Lemke: ‘‘Larry, I hope you . . . and all others realize you’ve pissed off the wrong army of women.’’ Christy LemkeAkeo (mother of gymnast Lindsey Lemke): ‘‘These girls had no idea this wasn’t a medical procedure.’’ Krista Wakeman: ‘‘You’re a sick man, Larry. I hope you rot in prison because that’s where you belong.’’ Paula Daniels (on behalf of daughter Samantha Daniels): ‘‘When you lay down to sleep at night I want you to see every little girl’s face that you’ve abused. Hundreds of girls Larry, innocent girls who trusted you— and know these little girls are all grownup now and I pray that they haunt you every single day.’’ Alliree Gingerich (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘Not one day goes by where I don’t replay the abuse my head.’’ 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, here is what Natalie Woodland said: ‘‘I am strong, and I am beautiful, and I am bold, and no one, especially you’’— Nassar—‘‘can take that away from me. . . . While standing up here, I’m finally realizing that I’m not alone.’’ And she is not alone. We are on her side. We should be on the side of victims of crime, and this legislation will promote a better atmosphere: a lawful, good atmosphere for our gymnasts and other athletes to work in. The people who committed these crimes need to be held accountable, and society has started with the first culprit, Larry ‘‘Lecherous’’ Nassar, and there should be more to follow. And that is just the way it is, Mr. Speaker. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following statements from the Nassar trial: 
Megan Farnsworth (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘He took away something I can’t get back. He took it 18 years ago when he did his procedures, and again when I was adult and learned what he had been doing.’’ Kourtney Weidner (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘Through these years I’ve experienced increase in anxiety and stress.’’ Charla Burill (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘You were the doctor who would give me a hug, who seemed to understand.’’ Lauren Michalak (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘It makes me feel disgusted that a man that was so respected in the community could take advantage of a girl who was only in 8th grade.’’ Sherry Bradley (mother of Vanasia Bradley): ‘‘I am sick to my stomach with disgust and betrayal.’’ Presley Allison: ‘‘I was abused while my own mother was in the room.’’ Kamerin Moore: ‘‘You molested a little girl who had just lost her father . . . you used my father’s death as another opportunity to manipulate the trust I put in you.’’ Catherine Hannum: ‘‘What he did to me . . . is disgusting, vile, and wrong. I am going to find my sense of self again and it starts with this letter.’’ Jessica Chedler Rodriguez: ‘‘USA Gymnastics should be held accountable for each and every one of these acts of abuse they allowed to happen.’’ Taryn Look: ‘‘I was still a child ....  I  wanted to end my life.’’ Mattie Larson: ‘‘I was at the height of my career at 19 and the Olympics were just a year away and I just couldn’t take any more of the abuse. I was broken. Larry, my coaches, and USA Gymnastics turned the sport I fell in love with as a kid to my personal living hell.’’ Whitney Burns: ‘‘As this man’s hands were touching places I had never let any man touch, I told myself I could make it one more second without the anger exploding inside me. ‘One more second, Whitney, you can make it one more second.’’’ Isabell Hutchins (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘I couldn’t accept the fact that it happened to me and I was in denial for a long time.’’ Natalie Woodland: ‘‘I am strong, and I am beautiful, and I am bold, and no one, especially not you can take that away from me . . . While standing up here I’m finally realizing that I’m not alone.’’ Jillian Swinehart: ‘‘You have to be the most sick and twisted person ever to do that to young girls.’’ Anne Swinehart (Jillian’s mother): ‘‘To think, I let this happen to my child while I was sitting right there.’’ Alison Chauvette: ‘‘He was in no way treating my body. He was, however using his position, manipulating me as a person changing the person I was, preying on me, a young girl, to fulfil his sick fantasies.’’ Anna Dayton: ‘‘You were supposed to be the good guy. Instead you used your power and your authority to take advantage of me, to take away my trust, and strip me of my innocence.’’ Olivia Venuto (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘I know that we will overcome this.’’ Sarah (no last name provided): ‘‘By coming forward, we victims of Larry Nassar can help see that justice is served.’’ Kristen Thelen: ‘‘In that moment of terror and confusion, I completely froze.’’ Alexandra Romano (statement read by her sister Danielle Romano): ‘‘The pain is just beginning for you. You disgust me and everyone else in this world and like many other girls said, today is the last day you are anything to me. You are a sad excuse for a human being and from now on you’re dead to us.’’ Jessica Howard (statement read on her behalf): ‘‘My mother blames herself.’’ Arianna Castillo: ‘‘He told me I had to go through pain in order to be successful in the sport.’’ Selena Brennan: ‘‘Today is your time to face me. I want you to continue to look at me while I speak because that is the attention I deserve . . . I want you to know you have not defeated me.’’ Kaylee McDowell: ‘‘My body is scarred by you . . . You covered me with your illness and I will be contaminated by you for the rest of my life.’’ Emily Morales: ‘‘He would rub one hand up and down my leg and butt as the other ungloved hand penetrated me . . . He talked about how my muscles were so tight.’’ Abigail Mealy: ‘‘The final level of your horrible pyramid of lies is when I had to lie on a table in your basement next to your lit fireplace and your children’s toys surrounding me while you ’treated’ me for my back problems.’’ Ashley Bremer: ‘‘He was only acting as my friend to gain my trust.’’ Brooke Hylek: ‘‘All I ever wanted to do was feel better and go back to the sport I loved without any pain.’’ Abigayle Bergeron: ‘‘I was a victim of Larry Nassar but I will not let that define me.’’ Emily Meinke: ‘‘My initial gut reaction was to question the technique . . . I couldn’t help but wonder how inserting his bare fingers in my vagina was supposed to make my pain disappear. Since I hadn’t even had my period yet I assumed it was my vagina but I really didn’t know for sure.’’ Morgan Valley (statement read by her mother, Dawn Valley): ‘‘This socalled doctor took advantage of my pain and my innocence.’’ Marty Valley (father of Morgan Valley): ‘‘We’re overcome by anger and guilt for not protecting our beautiful, precious daughter. As difficult as it is for us as parents, we know it’s nothing compared to what these young women are going through.’’ Christina Barba: ‘‘We know that a single candle can light a dark room. Imagine what all these flames can do. We will not live in darkness. We will burn brightly. To all the abuses and predators and harassers and enablers, we will burn your pedestals and hiding places to the ground. All your darkest secrets will be brought to light. We are strong and will not let you snuff out our light. We will burn brightly and not with hate but with hope.’’ Makayla Thrush: ‘‘Nobody should ever have to question their doctor, especially one who was the doctor for the US Olympic team.’’ Sterling Riethman: ‘‘Larry did not violate Jane Doe. He did not sexually assault Jane Doe . . . he violated real girls and real women. Well, those little girls are here today and we said it before and we’ll say it again, time’s up. The truth will come out.’’ Kaylee Lorincz: ‘‘You made a critical mistake. You underestimated the mind, power, and will of your victims, these accomplished athletes.’’ Rachael Denhollander (Her testimony to the IndyStar began the legal case): ‘‘I can call what you did evil and wicked because it was . . . I can call it evil because I know what goodness is. And this is why I pity you.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) that the House suspend the rules and pass S. 534, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1745 ESTABLISHING REQUIREMENTS FOR USE OF DRIVER’S LICENSE OR PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION CARD FOR OPENING AN ACCOUNT OR OBTAINING A FINANCIAL PRODUCT OR SERVICE Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1457) to establish requirements for use of a driver’s license or personal identification card by certain financial institutions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1457 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAKING ONLINE BANKING INITIATION LEGAL AND EASY. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as financial service products continue to merge with the everevolving world of technology, the opportunities to reach unbanked and underserved households also continue to increase. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, 7 percent of the U.S. population is unbanked, and 19.9 percent is underbanked. The FDIC has concluded previously that mobile banking is well positioned to meet the daytoday financial service needs of underbanked consumers as well as consumers at risk of account closure. Providing mobile financial services products to these households has shown to improve their financial outcomes by giving consumers more control over their finances, which helps households avoid burdensome fees and allows them to manage necessary payments more conveniently. Further FDIC research suggests that nearly threequarters of all underbanked households have access to a smartphone and that more than one third of underbanked households used mobile banking in the past year. In particular, the FDIC found that mobile financial services improved account stability by helping underserved consumers successfully manage and maintain bank accounts. Unfortunately, access to mobile financial service products is not equal across the United States. The Making Online Banking Initiation Legal and Easy Act remedies this lack of parity by establishing a uniform policy nationwide, allowing a financial institution to record personal information from a driver’s license for the purpose of opening a bank account with a scan or copy. The MOBILE Act creates uniform access to helpful financial products and provides certainty to financial institutions to offer their full range of mobile banking products to all consumers nationwide. While the MOBILE Act creates a consistent law across the United States, it is careful to protect consumer privacy information and existing State privacy laws. The bill requires financial institutions to delete all copies of a driver’s license and personal identification after having used them for the permitted purposes of opening an account. The legislation is also careful not to reduce any financial institution’s commitment to comply with Federal and State laws aimed at preventing identity theft, financial fraud, money laundering, or know your customer and Customer Identification Programs. A Federal Reserve report from 2016 found that mobile banking use was rising at relatively fast rates, reporting that 43 percent of all mobile phone owners with a bank account had used mobile banking in the past 12 months, up from 39 percent in 2014 and 33 percent in 2013. Following this trend, the use of mobile banking will continue to grow, and the MOBILE Act ensures that every consumer across the country who wants to use a mobile banking product is able to do so. This bill was passed out of the Financial Services Committee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote. 
The MOBILE Act provides consumers easier access to the highly regulated financial services industry by simplifying their ability to open an account through the process of scanning or copying their Stateissued identification card. As one State banking association wrote to me: 
This legislation is mutually beneficial to both financial institutions and their customers. The MOBILE Act will help expand access to critical banking services for underbanked populations by offering similar retail services through mobile technology. 
Increasing access for mobile financial services products also means giving rural communities, like many of the small towns I represent in Colorado, access to financial success. While many of us can drive a short distance, walk into a bank, and open an account, there are rural communities where physical bank locations are few and far between. By allowing those with smartphones to essentially have their bank accounts in their pocket, geography is no longer a constraint to accessing financial services products. All families should have the tools they need to be able to achieve the financial stability and the prosperity the MOBILE Act will provide. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is important for the future financial health of our Nation’s customers. I urge its passage here today, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1457, the Making Online Banking Initiation Legal and Easy, or MOBILE, Act, permits financial institutions to copy or scan a consumer’s driver’s license or personal ID card when a consumer decides to obtain a financial product or service. At a time when more Americans are conducting their business online and through their phones, the MOBILE Act will help expand access to banking products and financial services for those consumers who do not have access to a traditional brickandmortar financial institution by allowing consumers to utilize their smartphones to open a checking or savings account. While financial inclusion has increased significantly over the past 20 years, still, too many Americans do not get their basic financial needs met by traditional financial service providers. For example, in June 2016, the Obama administration released a report indicating that about 7 percent of American households still lack access to a bank account, and another 20 percent supplement their bank account with nontraditional financial services like check cashing or payday loans. Technological innovations in the financial industry and commonsense proposals like the MOBILE Act here in Congress will continue to help us close this gap. The bill will expand credit opportunities for consumers who cannot easily get to a bank in person and provides them access to innovative new products that can improve their overall financial health. An amendment in the nature of a substitute was adopted in committee that makes the MOBILE Act even stronger, and I want to thank Mr. TIPTON for putting these improvements forward. These improvements require financial institutions to permanently delete copies of consumers’ ID cards within a reasonable amount of time after they have opened the account, made clarifying changes to better harmonize the bill’s requirements with Federal bank secrecy laws, and recognized identification cards issued by federally recognized Indian Tribes as an acceptable identification card. Perhaps most importantly, the bill also prohibits financial institutions from selling or otherwise sharing the personally identifiable information they collect from consumers with unaffiliated third parties. The bill is supported by several financial technology and industry groups, including the Innovative Lending Platform Association and the Financial Services Roundtable. Again, in a day and age when more and more Americans are conducting their business online and through their smartphones but still continue to lack access to traditional banking services and financial products, we need to be doing all we can to simplify the process and encourage account openings through these platforms. The MOBILE Act is a strong step in that direction, and I have been proud to join the bill as a cosponsor. I encourage Members to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1457, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FEDERAL SAVINGS ASSOCIATION CHARTER FLEXIBILITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1426) to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings associations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1426 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act of 2017’’. 
The Home Owners’ Loan Act is amended by inserting after section 5 (12 U.S.C. 1464) the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, mutual savings banks, cooperative banks, and mutual savings and loan associations are essential communitybased financial institutions that have a long history of serving their neighbors and promoting smalltown economic growth. However, many of the benefits once given to Federal savings associations, also known as thrifts, that encouraged community growth and financial well being have been stifled by changes initiated under the DoddFrank Act. While DoddFrank eliminated many of the benefits provided to Federal savings associations, the HOLA restrictions, unfortunately, remain. These restrictions have left Federal savings associations at a disadvantage and without the flexibility needed to adapt to meet community needs and, as a result, are forcing many mutual banks to either close or merge with other institutions, meaning fewer and more expensive choices for consumers hoping to finance important purchases. H.R. 1426, Mr. ROTHFUS ’ bipartisan legislation that passed out of the Financial Services Committee unanimously, would help to preserve these important community financial institutions by providing mutual banks with a framework to become covered savings associations. This process would provide thrifts the ability to operate with the same rights and duties as national banks without subjecting them to a complex, timeconsuming, and costly charter conversion process. Providing thrifts the flexibility to exercise national bank powers without changing their charters would give institutions the ability to exceed the commercial and consumer loan limits that apply under the Home Owners’ Loan Act but continue to benefit from their structure for purposes of consolidation, merger, dissolution, conservatorship, and receivership. Because the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency already supervises both national bank and Federal savings association charters, it is uniquely positioned to provide the structural framework for the election process that would transition the rights and duties of a national bank to a thrift. Mr. ROTHFUS ’ bill instructs the OCC to develop a series of rulemakings to outline this election process, while also requiring safeguards to prevent malpractice in the transition process, as well as abuses in the new structure once it has been instituted. b1800 Community financial institutions should be given the tools they need to lend effectively to their communities, and this bill creates the legislative landscape for savings associations to do just that. Ultimately, the bill creates opportunities for families and small businesses to access financing for their important purchases, from buying a home to expanding a business. Federal savings associations have a long, proud history of being responsive to their communities’ needs, and this legislation will help them to enhance and continue that record. I cannot give more emphatic support for this commonsense, bipartisan legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, currently, the Home Owners’ Loan Act imposes limitations on the portfolio mix of loans and investments that a thrift institution can make. Such limitations include the amount of commercial and consumer loans that a thrift can hold and a requirement that they hold a certain percentage of qualified thrift investments. These restrictions are not currently faced by national banks and other financial institutions. If a thrift decides that it wants to engage in more commercial lending or otherwise seeks to expand its product offerings beyond what is allowed under current law, they have to undergo a timeconsuming process of converting the stock form of their organization in order to apply for a national bank charter. For smaller thrifts in particular, the charter conversion process can be costly. H.R. 1426 solves this problem by amending the Home Owners’ Loan Act and creating an election process for thrifts to operate as a national bank without having to convert their charter to a national bank. This proposal originated from former Comptroller Curry in 2014 to give thrifts flexibility with respect to the current limitations on the amount of commercial and consumer loans that a thrift can hold. While the terms and conditions of a charter are important, we should be careful about blurring lines. Therefore, I am pleased that the OCC can reject providing the flexibility to a particular thrift under this bill and can take other supervisory actions to promote safety and soundness. According to the FDIC, there were 768 thrifts as of last September, compared to nearly 5,000 State and national banks, and all but 15 of these thrifts have less than $10 billion in assets, which underscores that this bill will mostly help small institutions better serve their communities. Former Comptroller Curry described the proposal as a tool for enabling ‘‘Federal thrifts to diversify their loan portfolios, maintain their Federal charter, and retain the OCC as their regulator.’’ I thank Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. H IMES for introducing this bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. He is also the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support of this important bipartisan legislation, and especially the lead Democratic cosponsor, Representative JIMHIMES from Connecticut. The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act is a commonsense reform bill that will help to ensure that community banks, many of which have histories stretching back generations, can continue to serve the needs of Main Street businesses and families. Specifically, this bill focuses on Federal savings associations, also known as thrifts. These institutions are similar to national banks in the sense that they are both chartered and regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the FDIC. But these banks are constrained in their ability to pursue certain lines of business under the Home Owners’ Loan Act, also known as HOLA. Specifically, HOLA subjects Federal thrifts to commercial lending limits. Under what is known as the qualified thrift lender test, at least 65 percent of a Federal thrift’s portfolio assets must comprise certain mortgage and consumerrelated assets. These institutions are also constrained in their ability to hold commercial loans, paper, or corporate debt. In contrast, national banks enjoy the ability to engage in a much wider range of lending activities. 
These restrictions originally made sense because thrifts also enjoyed advantages not afforded to national banks. But changes in law have eliminated or curtailed many of those benefits, and some thrifts have expressed frustration that these restrictions prevent them from being able to meet the changing needs of their local communities. Unfortunately, thrifts have not been immune to the industrywide trend of consolidations and closures that has accelerated over the last decade. The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act provides these banks with additional flexibility to adjust to changing times and continue to serve their communities, despite these persistent headwinds. Under current law, the only option available to Federal savings associations is a costly and complicated conversion to a national bank charter. This is a particularly burdensome process for mutually chartered Federal thrifts since it requires that they first convert to stock form before converting their charter. The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act provides another, less disruptive option. Under my bill, Federal thrifts will have the ability to pursue a path that will allow them to operate with the same rights and duties as a national bank. But these banks will not have to go through the costly and cumbersome process of converting to stock form and then rechartering. Instead, the bill sets up a simple 60day election process that will allow these institutions to become covered savings associations. It will also require the OCC, which has been supportive of this legislation and has responsibility for regulating Federal savings associations and national banks, to establish an orderly and streamlined transition process. This bill also includes important safeguards to prevent potential fire sales of assets and subsidiaries during the transition process, and it protects the OCC’s ability to prevent firms from abusing the new structure. Altogether, this effort will help to ensure that timetested community financial institutions will continue to be able to serve their customers for years to come. The Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act has the support of the American Bankers Association and the Independent Community Bankers of America. It is also bipartisan, and it passed the Financial Services Committee with a 55–0 vote. Similar language has been included in the bipartisan Senate Banking Committee package, also. In short, this bill represents the sort of reasonable, commonsense, across theaisle reform that our constituents want to see. I want to briefly share some comments from the Pennsylvania Bankers Association, which represents a wide range of banks in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In their letter of support for this bill, they wrote: ‘‘. . . this legislation represents sound, sensible regulatory relief.’’ They also added that ‘‘Federal savings associations are known for being responsive to their communities’ needs, and this legislation will help them to expand and continue to do so.’’ I ask that my colleagues support H.R. 1426, the Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1426. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CLARIFYING ACCEPTANCE OF DONATED MORTGAGE APPRAISALS BY NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2255), to clarify that nonprofit organizations may accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2255 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, TITLE I—HOUSING OPPORTUNITIES MADE EASIER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to be able to speak on behalf of these important bills today. While lowincome applicants and homebuilders seek to provide affordable, decent housing opportunities to qualifying individuals and families, these nonprofits rely on the generosity of others in their communities to accomplish their mission. These groups also heavily rely on meticulous budgets, and a change in the input costs can have serious implications for a project’s success as well as the number of families a group can serve. The DoddFrank Act increased requirements for real estate appraisers and transferred rulemaking authority for residential mortgage appraisals to the CFPB. Under DoddFrank, professionals who furnish appraisal services for a fee are able to receive a payment that is ‘‘customary and reasonable’’ for the market area where the appraisal services were performed. However, the CFPB has not defined find the terms ‘‘customary’’ and ‘‘reasonable,’’ which has left nonprofit housing organizations with the serious concern that they violate the law when the work of appraisers is donated. If nonprofit housing organizations are required to start paying for appraisal services, which could cost over $1,000 per appraisal, the DoddFrank statute could unintentionally limit the number of families in need that these nonprofit organizations can serve. Mr. TROTT ’s legislation, the Housing Opportunities Made Easier Act, would remedy this uncertainty by amending the Truth in Lending Act to allow mortgage appraisal services to be donated by fee appraisers to an organization that is eligible to receive taxdeductible charitable contributions. This simple fix will ensure that housing nonprofit organizations can continue to provide their incredibly important services for as many inneed families in our communities as possible, and I commend Mr. TROTT for this legislation. I would also like to voice my support for H.R. 4281, the Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act. As a former smallbusiness owner in a rural part of Colorado, I know firsthand how important access to capital is for the success of a small business. The majority of capital for small businesses is concentrated in urban areas, and access to capital for rural small businesses can be difficult to come by. H.R. 4281 would require the SEC’s Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation to identify any unique challenges that ruralarea small businesses have in securing access to capital and require the Small Business Advocate to provide updates on its findings in its annual report. Small businesses are the lifeblood of communities across our country, providing jobs and services to those they serve, and this legislation will help hardworking small businesses in rural communities to continue to create jobs and grow their businesses. I would also like to give my support to Representative SINEMA ’s and Representative POLIQUIN ’s bill, the Senior Safe Act, here today. H.R. 3758 takes important steps to safeguard our senior citizens from fraud and abuse by encouraging covered financial institutions to train supervisors, compliance officers, or legal advisers on how to spot and report predatory activity against senior citizens. This legislation also protects banks, credit unions, investment advisers and 
brokerdealers and their employees from civil or administrative liability when reporting fraudulent activity related to senior citizens if an employee is properly trained and reports such activity ‘‘in good faith’’ and ‘‘with reasonable care.’’ This group of bills will make important and impactful changes for our communities, and I am pleased to see them considered here on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ). Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2255, a package of three commonsense solutions, each passed unanimously by the House Financial Services Committee. I thank Congressman TROTT of Michigan for his leadership in moving this package forward. One of these solutions is H.R. 3758, the Senior Safe Act, legislation we introduced to protect seniors from financial fraud and abuse. Mr. Speaker, one in five American seniors will be a target of financial abuse, and seniors lose an estimated $2.9 billion to exploitation. The financial institutions that serve America’s seniors are in a unique position to detect and identify the suspicious patterns of activity that often accompany financial abuse. Unfortunately, these institutions do not have the legal flexibility to report suspicious behavior to law enforcement. Because of this, financial abuse of our seniors may go unreported and unpunished. That is why we introduced the Senior Safe Act. Our bill helps individuals and financial institutions safely communicate instances of financial fraud involving seniors to the appropriate law enforcement authority. It creates incentives for firms to train their employees to identify and stop financial fraud of seniors. It shields advisers and firms that responsibly disclose instances of fraud from legal liability. Importantly, it accomplishes all of this while providing reasonable legal safeguards to ensure consumers and their data are protected. Mr. Speaker, it may seem like years, but it was just 4 months ago that the thenCEO of Equifax came before Congress to testify about the data breach that exposed the personal information of over 145 million Americans. b1815 Those who mishandle our private data and breach the public trust must be held accountable. We must also ensure that we do all we can to minimize the damage caused by cyber attacks and financial fraud. As a result of the Equifax data breach, millions of American seniors are now more vulnerable to financial abuse. It is all but certain that we will see increased attempts of financial fraud and identity theft. The Senior Safe Act is an important and responsible step to protecting those at risk by ensuring that financial institutions can identify fraud, report it, and stop abuse of the elderly. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS , and Congressman POLIQUIN from Maine for working with me on this bipartisan solution to protect seniors from financial fraud and abuse. We are proud to work across the aisle to get things done, and we will continue working to protect seniors and get results for Arizona. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ), a member of the Financial Services Committee and the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2255, the Housing Opportunities Made Easier, or the HOME Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from New Jersey (Mr. GOTTHEIMER ), for being the lead Democrat on this bill. I appreciate his bipartisan leadership and his efforts to bring this bill to the floor for a vote. I also thank my colleague in the Senate, Senator PORTMAN , for his leadership on this issue. It has been a pleasure working with him to ensure Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofits are able to continue their important mission. Finally, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his support in the Financial Services Committee. During my first term in Congress, I, along with my entire district office, had the opportunity to join Habitat for Humanity on one of their builds in Oakland County, Michigan. It was great fun helping them build a Michigan family’s home, but I think we often forget that Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofit housing organizations do so much more than just build a home. These nonprofits actually offer families who live in their homes, no or low interest homes, making the dream of homeownership affordable for so many. The home, of course, needs to be appraised before a loan may be approved. Many times, professional appraisers volunteer their services so that the nonprofit does not have to incur additional expense. Early last year, I met with Habitat for Humanity leaders from Michigan and I heard about their struggle to ensure that homes remain affordable under the regulations promulgated by DoddFrank. Under the new law, all fee appraisers must be paid a customary and reasonable fee for their work. So where does this leave Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofits? This means they may no longer accept donated appraisals, forcing them to divert money from their core homebuilding activities. In fact, Habitat for Humanity told me that these complex rules have tripled the cost of originating loans. This is particularly a problem in rural areas where, under DoddFrank, appraisers are also required to be compensated for mileage expenses. Some chapters have informed us they may need to stop or limit their work altogether, denying a valuable service to many communities. My bill, the HOME Act, which passed out of committee with a unanimous bipartisan vote of 55–0, would exempt Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofits from this burdensome rule, allowing them to accept donated appraisals, which, in turn, will lower the cost for homes for Michigan families. We in Congress should stand by their side, not in their way. This bill gets Washington out of the way by providing that a donated appraisal may be considered ‘‘customary and reasonable’’ when benefiting charities. All other consumer protections in the Truth in Lending Act remain in place. It is a simple, targeted fix that does nothing to harm the underlying law or DoddFrank. When I came to Congress, I knew that I would be fighting for small businesses who are often ignored or hurt by Washington, but I never thought we would need to defend charitable organizations. I am glad that Congress is using some common sense to solve this obvious unintended consequence. There is no need for debate or dissent on this bill. We cannot let DoddFrank undermine these fine organizations from their mission of providing homes to our neighbors in need. Again, I thank all of the members of the Financial Services Committee for their unanimous bipartisan support. I urge all of my colleagues to support the work of worthy housing charities by voting ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2255. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ). Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about the Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their leadership in including this important and bipartisan piece of legislation in the package the House is considering today. Nevadans and all Americans deserve the opportunity to have a good job that will help them provide for their families. Unfortunately, rural communities across the country have been hit particularly hard by shifts in population as people move to bigger cities in search of employment opportunities. The changing demographics have made it harder for small businesses in these areas to get started and to survive. Far too many Nevadans, especially in our rural areas, have been left out and left behind from the economic growth we have seen in other areas of the country. I am proud to sponsor the Expanding Access to Capital for Rural Job Creators Act, which will help expand economic opportunities for entrepreneurs 
and small businesses in Nevada’s rural areas. This bill will help identify and examine the unique challenges that these businesses face when trying to secure access to capital. By supporting job creators in our rural communities, we can create a path to goodpaying jobs for all Nevadans and help make sure that they have the tools to work towards a better life for themselves and their families. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this piece of legislation. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. TIPTON for managing the floor today on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, Mr. HENSARLING , for moving this very important bill, H.R. 2255, through the committee and on to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate and thank Mr. TROTT , a terrific representative from the State of Michigan, for all of his work on this bill to help families and charitable organizations throughout our country. Mr. Speaker, the great State of Maine that I represent, the rural part of our State, has the oldest average age in the country. We love our seniors. I know not only in Maine, but across the country, they are very special parts of our society. My parents are 89 and 87. I am very involved in their lives, especially in their healthcare. I worry, Mr. Speaker, about our seniors. I worry about their healthcare. I worry about their safety. And one more thing I worry about, Mr. Speaker, is about them becoming victims of financial scams. Now, this happens throughout our country, and has increasingly so, such that, today, almost $3 billion is the result of scamming our seniors every single year. I will tell you, these con men, Mr. Speaker, become very creative. In particular, one type of scam that I have learned about just absolutely hits me home. A grandmother receives an email from, supposedly, a granddaughter, and this granddaughter is stuck overseas in a country where she has been traveling. She is emailing her grandmother, saying: ‘‘Gram, I need money. I am in trouble. Can you please wire $10,000 to this bank account in this country so I can get home? And, by the way, please don’t tell mom and dad.’’ Mr. Speaker, can you imagine the confusion and the heartache that grandparents would have receiving this sort of email? Well, the good news, Mr. Speaker, is that the Senior Safe Act, which I authored here in the House, along with Ms. SINEMA , is embedded in Mr. TROTT ’s bill, H.R. 2255. This bill, the Senior Safe Act—now part of Mr. TROTT ’s bill—will help stop financial scams of seniors before they happen. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Maine. Mr. POLIQUIN. It is a commonsense bill, Mr. Speaker, such that if a bank teller speaks to one of his or her customers they have known for maybe decades, and the senior says, ‘‘I would like to close my account and wire the proceeds overseas,’’ this bank teller can stop, pause, call the authorities, and say, ‘‘We might have a problem here, Mr. SMITH, so let’s get back to you on that,’’ and the teller can do this without retribution from our privacy laws. Mr. Speaker, I ask everybody, Republicans and Democrats, men and women, to please support H.R. 2255, which the Senior Safe Act is embedded in. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2255, the HOME Act introduced by Mr. TROTT and Mr. HIMES amends the Truth in Lending Act to allow fee appraisers to voluntarily donate their appraisals to nonprofit groups without violating the requirement that lenders and their agents compensate fee appraisers at a rate that is customary and reasonable. Historically, appraisal services relating to no or lowinterest mortgage loans that were provided by nonprofit organizations or to families often had to be donated by professional appraisers in the community and considered permissible charitable donations for tax purposes. However, such nonprofit organizations like Habitat for Humanity, have raised concerns this provision reduced the number of families it could serve because the voluntary donation of appraisal services could now be interpreted as a violation of the TILA’s ‘‘customary and reasonable’’ fee requirement. While the CFPB—under the direction of formerDirector Richard Cordray—has already provided nonprofit organizations like Habitat with informal guidance suggesting that the ‘‘customary and reasonable’’ provision does not apply to donated appraisals because the appraiser is no longer a ‘‘fee appraiser’’ in this circumstance, these organizations have continued to raise concerns and are seeking further clarity. Specifically, nonprofit organizations continue to raise concerns that they remain vulnerable to enforcement actions because this guidance appears to be inconsistent with the common industry usage of the term ‘‘fee appraiser’’; they also contend that it remains unclear whether or not other agencies would align with the CFPB’s interpretation. Thus, this bill provides the nonprofits with the certainty they are seeking, and builds upon the great work already done by former Director Cordray by clarifying appraisers can voluntarily donate their appraisal services without violating TILA’s ‘‘customary and reasonable’’ fee provision. The HOME Act passed our Committee earlier this month with broad bipartisan support, and I was proud to support it. Also included in H.R. 2255, are two other pieces of legislation that passed our Committee with strong bipartisan support. First, the Senior Safe Act, introduced by Ms. SINEMA , which provides employees at financial institutions with immunity when voluntarily disclosing the possible financial abuse of elders to state and federal regulators, law enforcement, and adult protective services agencies. And second is H.R. 4281, introduced by Mr. KIHUEN which would enhance capital opportunities for our nation’s rural small businesses by requiring the SEC’s Office of the Small Businesses Advocate to develop policies and recommend steps Congress can take to drive private investment to our nation’s rural small businesses. As Ranking Member of the House Small Business Committee, I have a strong understanding of the capital challenges our nation’s rural small businesses face and I am proud to cosponsor Mr. KIHUEN ’s legislation. Mr. Speaker, the inclusion of both Ms. SINEMA ’s and Mr. K IHUEN ’s legislation only enhances what was already a strong bipartisan measure. Therefore, I recommend a ‘‘Yes’’ vote. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2255, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION LIVING WILL IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4292) to reform the living will process under the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4292 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the living wills process, as mandated under the DoddFrank Act for systemically important financial institutions and designated nonbank financial companies, has become a heavily burdensome process for the institutions subjected to it. Section 165 of the DoddFrank Act requires bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more to annually submit detailed plans to the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that describe the company’s strategy for rapid and orderly resolution under the Bankruptcy Code in the event of its material financial distress or failure. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have near total discretion in deciding whether a plan is acceptable, and, therefore, whether an institution will be subject to heavy penalties. Mr. ZELDIN ’s legislation, the Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act, will do just that: improve the regulatory process for both sides of the living will assessment. This bipartisan legislation will provide needed change by limiting the frequency of the living wills process to a 2year cycle, requiring regulators to publicly disclose the framework used to be able to review resolution plans, and requiring feedback on resolution plans within 6 months of the date they were submitted. Mr. Speaker, the regulators themselves—members of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the FDIC—have suggested before Congress that reforms should be made to the living wills process. Recognition from those running the process that the living wills framework needs to be reformed demonstrates the necessity of Mr. ZELDIN ’s bill. Mr. ZELDIN ’s legislation, which was voted out of the Financial Services Committee unanimously, takes steps toward effectiveness and efficiency in this process, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure here today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is straightforward, commonsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ZELDIN for working with Democrats to make improvements to the bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my Democratic colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a member of the Financial Services Committee and the sponsor of the legislation. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation, which I was proud to introduce with my colleague from New York, Congresswoman CAROLYN MALONEY . This legislation would provide needed reforms to the living will submission process, would ensure that impacted financial institutions get needed feedback from their regulators, and would uphold sensible standards to protect the financial system. This may sound like wonky financial policy, but to the hardworking men and women in my district, fixing these confusing regulations that have choked off community lending can be the determining factor with regards to getting a small business loan or a mortgage. These are the financial products that provide access to the American Dream, that help communities grow through homeownership, and that allow small business owners to hire and expand. Now, more than ever, we need to be working on a bipartisan basis to improve the standards and reform the confusing regulations that are being imposed on our community banks and financial institutions. This bill changes the procedure for the submission and review of resolution plans, also known as living wills. b1830 This legislation is in line with recommendations from a 2016 GAO report in which it was recommended that banking regulators should publicly disclose the assessment frameworks, consider shifting to a 2year cycle, and provide feedback to companies within a minimum of 6 months. The vast discretion granted to Federal regulators under the current law’s living will regime is essentially a license for those regulators to decide the proper size, scale, and business model of private sector enterprises. This legislation reins in that unchecked government authority and provides greater accountability and muchneeded transparency to the living will process. This bill requires public disclosure of the rules for living wills and also requires regulators to follow up with financial institutions in a timely fashion with the feedback necessary to meet these standards. These reforms are critical for providing our Nation’s banking systems and the customers they serve, to protect our Nation’s banking systems. This bill cleared the Financial Services Committee with a strong bipartisan vote of 60–0. I am especially thankful for the bipartisan cooperation of my colleague, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank Chairmen Hensarling and Luetkemeyer for their leadership on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  these letters of support from the Financial Services Roundtable and the American Bankers Association. 
FINANCIAL SERVICES ROUNDTABLE , Washington, DC, January 29, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The Financial Services Roundtable (FSR) supports H.R. 4292 the ‘‘Financial Institution 
Living Wills Improvement Act of 2017,’’ sponsored by Representative Lee Zeldin. H.R. 4292 changes the procedure for the submission and review of resolution plans, also known as ‘‘living wills.’’ The bill would adjust the frequency of resolution plan submissions from annually to a twoyear cycle, require regulators to provide feedback within six months of submission and publicly disclose the framework used to review the plans. Improving the resolution plan process provides transparency, accountability and efficiency while enabling firms to enhance their plans. The Federal Reserve Board and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation require resolution plan submissions be reviewed and updated annually. It is increasingly evident, however, that these annual requirements are neither efficient nor effective for both regulators and covered firms. Resolution plans do not change substantially from year to year, absent a material change in a firm’s structure. A Government Accountability Office (GAO) report on resolution planning supports a longer submission cycle so firms have sufficient time to revise their plans and incorporate regulatory feedback. Similarly, GAO recommended that regulators make the assessment frameworks public, noting transparency would promote accountability by the agencies and result in better resolution plans. Providing firms clarity as to how determinations are made will eliminate the uncertainty around the appropriate changes necessary to strengthen the resolution plan. Further, requiring regulators to provide feedback within a defined period will enable firms to address deficiencies and ensure the institution’s strength in the event of financial distress or failure. H.R. 4292 helps improve how U.S. financial regulations work for individuals, financial institutions, and the U.S. economy. FSR supports H.R. 4292 the ‘‘Financial Institution Living Wills Improvement Act of 2017,’’ and urges enactment of important legislation. Sincerely, ANTHONY CIMINO , Senior Vice President & Head of Government Affairs. 
AMERICAN BANKERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, January 29, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  PELOSI : On behalf of the members of the American Bankers Association, I am writing to express our support for H.R. 4292, the Financial Institution Living Will Improvement Act of 2017. This legislation is scheduled for consideration on the January 29th suspension calendar. This bipartisan legislation introduced by Representatives Lee Zeldin and Carolyn Maloney, Ranking Member of the Capital Markets, Securities and Investment Subcommittee, would improve the process for banks subject to the ‘‘living will submissions’’ process. Requiring filings no more frequently than every two years and timely regulator feedback on the submissions would make the resolution planning process more efficient, while still supporting regulators’ ability to deal with a failed institution. H.R. 4292 passed the House Financial Services Committee on November 15, 2017 by a unanimous vote of 60–0. This is a commonsense piece of legislation that provides needed reforms. We urge the House of Representatives to approve H.R. 4292. Sincerely, JAMES C. B ALLENTINE , Executive Vice President, Congressional Relations and Political Affairs. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4292, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 695, CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–537) on the resolution (H. Res. 714) providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4792) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to expand access to capital for small businesses affected by hurricanes or other natural disasters, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4792 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, small businesses across the country are especially vulnerable to natural disasters. Recent natural disasters like Hurricane Harvey in Texas and the wildfires in California have left small businesses torn apart in their wake. Nationally, there has been a survey of 500 small businesses. In 2015, they found that 75 percent of small businesses do not develop plans to be able to prepare for disasters. This means that small businesses are nationally unprepared for natural disasters and are likely to experience a fair amount of difficulty in reopening their doors, a concerning economic challenge in the aftermath of an already challenging time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ’s bill, the Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act, would help alleviate some of these challenges by requiring the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation to identify any unique challenges in securing access to capital for small businesses that have been affected by hurricanes or natural disasters. As a former smallbusiness owner and cochair of the Small Business Caucus, I know firsthand the positive economic impact a small business can have on regional and local economies that they serve. In the wake of a natural disaster, small businesses that reopen and rebuild can have a major impact on helping the local economy recover. Mr. Speaker, as the small business advocate is already involved in communicating with small businesses, requiring the SEC to study issues with access to capital after a natural disaster and report annually on its finding is common sense. Mr. Speaker, I commend Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ for taking the initiative on this important issue, and I encourage my colleagues to support her legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to start off by thanking both Chairman HENSARLING  and Ranking Member WATERS for working with me on this legislation and moving it onto the floor. This has truly been a bipartisan effort. My bill, H.R. 4792, the Small Business Access to Capital After a Natural Disaster Act, is simple and straightforward. One of the most important functions of the SEC’s Office of the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation is to develop proposals and recommend changes to Congress that will promote the interests of small businesses and their investors, mitigate their problems, and help them secure access to credit. When we created the Advocate’s Office in 2016, we specifically charged it with looking into the unique challenges facing minority and women owned small businesses. My bill requires the advocate to now also consider the unique challenges that small businesses affected by hurricanes or other natural disasters have with securing access to credit and work to promote their interests. I developed this legislation because, as ranking member of the House Small Business Committee, I understand that small businesses are the lifeblood of many communities around the country, and I have witnessed firsthand the terrible impact hurricanes and other natural disasters can have on the economic outlook for small businesses. For example, in 2012, Superstorm Sandy ripped through the tristate area and decimated many communities along the New Jersey and New York coasts. Toms River, New Jersey, was considered ground zero for the storm. Half a decade later, the Greater Toms River Chamber of Commerce reports that the small businesses in that community are still trying to recover at a cost of $600 million in lost ratables, even at this point. For small businesses in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands trying to recover from the effects of Hurricane Maria, the situation is much worse. b1915 2017 was the costliest year on record for weather and climate disasters in the United States, and the effects of Hurricane Maria on Puerto Rico’s small businesses are unprecedented. Nelson Ramirez, the president of the Centro Unido de Detallistas, a small business advocacy group in San Juan, estimates twothirds of the island’s roughly 45,000 small and midsize businesses have closed at least temporarily, and as many as 10,000 will never reopen. Small and midsized businesses represent 90 percent of the private companies on the island and about onethird of the workforce. In October, the Puerto Rican Retail Trade Association revealed that a study conducted by economists estimated that the island’s small business sector will lose $8.9 billion in a period of 6 months due to a lack of electricity on the island. But while the situation in Puerto Rico is unprecedented, this legislation is about more than just Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands. This legislation will serve to drive capital to other areas of our Nation impacted by hurricanes and other natural disasters this past season including Texas; Florida; the U.S. Virgin Islands; and California, which is facing the effects of devastating wildfires and mudslides. Ninetynine percent of the companies in Houston are considered small businesses, and most of them do not have the same economic resources as the State’s massive oil and medical industries. As a result, these businesses face 
a long and expensive road to recovery. This legislation seeks to shorten that distance for those businesses as well. FEMA estimates that nearly 40 percent of small businesses never reopen after a disaster. Therefore, developing strategies to drive private capital to a community’s small business is one of the most efficient uses of private sector capital and one of the most effective ways we in the Federal Government can help an area recover. Nearly 4 months after Hurricane Maria, the Puerto Rican economy is at a near standstill and thousands of the island’s small businesses are teetering towards insolvency. The businesses in southeast Texas, Florida, the Virgin Islands, and California face tough situations as well, and we must do all that we can to help them recover. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member WATERS for working with me on this important legislation, which passed our committee earlier this month on a wide bipartisan basis, 57–0. I also want to thank Representatives GREEN , SINEMA , and P LASKETT for cosponsoring this legislation with me. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUTHERFORD ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4792. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING MARSHALL COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL SHOOTING VICTIMS (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday, January 23, at 7:57 a.m., shots erupted through the commons area of Marshall County High School in Benton, Kentucky, taking the lives of two students and wounding many others. The school is the cornerstone of life and activity, and the incomprehensible events of last week have shaken the community to its core. In the aftermath of the devastation, a vast network of spirited, compassionate students and alumni have united to support and further strengthen the tight knit, resilient community of Marshall County. As students and faculty attempt to return to some semblance of normalcy this week, I am joined by my colleagues from the Kentucky delegation to express our gratitude for the educators and first responders who acted bravely and efficiently. We pray for the survivors who are continuing to recover from their injuries, and we remember Preston Cope and Bailey Holt, whose young lives were cut tragically short, as well as their families and friends left behind. Mr. Speaker, please rise and join me in a moment of silence to honor Preston and Bailey. f 
PROTECT THE INDEPENDENCE AND INTEGRITY OF SPECIAL COUNSEL MUELLER’S INVESTIGATION (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, since before his inauguration last year, President Trump, his administration, and its allies have tested the independence and credibility of the FBI. Since the appointment of Special Counsel Mueller, we have seen these efforts grow into an apparent attempt to stymie Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation and protect the administration from potentially being held accountable. We have seen several pressure tactics employed from the firing of former FBI Director Comey, the ongoing investigation into the FBI’s investigation of Hillary Clinton’s emails, and most recently, reports of the President’s attempt to fire Special Counsel Mueller himself. This is a clear sign that Congress must act to protect the independence and integrity of the special counsel’s investigation. I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to come together in protecting the special counsel from baseless termination and ensuring that his investigation can follow the facts wherever they may lead. 
CELEBRATING 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF SOUTH FLORIDA RED CROSS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Red Cross South Florida. The Red Cross opened its first south Florida chapter in 1918 in order to meet the demands of World War I. In the century since, its wonderful volunteers and trained personnel have valiantly responded to our most critical needs during national disasters and other catastrophes. While this organization has significantly grown and expanded into five chapters, it still has remained true to its core mission, which is to be a vital source of relief for disaster victims while helping to prevent, to prepare for, and to respond to emergencies across 13 counties. Mr. Speaker, by caring for the most vulnerable members of our society, the local Red Cross chapter has become a cornerstone of our south Florida community. So today I would like to congratulate all of the staff and the volunteers of the South Florida Red Cross for a century of dedication of service and of excellence. Thank you for serving as stewards of the Red Cross legacy and for continuing to provide compassionate care to all who need it. Congratulations to all. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF JAMES ‘‘JIM’’ CARNEY (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor James ‘‘Jim’’ Carney for his selfless service to residents of the 10th District as a firefighter in our communities for more than 2 decades. Sadly, Jim passed away last month after a heroic 3
1⁄2year battle with cancer. Jim was a native of the 10th District, born in Waukegan, grew up in Wadsworth, and attended Warren Township High School. After studying at Columbia Southern University, Jim returned home to serve as an oncall member of the Newport Township Fire Protection District in Wadsworth and received his paramedic license. Later, in 2000, he joined the LincolnshireRiverwoods Fire Protection District and eventually earned the rank of lieutenant. Jim was both respected and beloved by his fellow firefighters. They remember him for his calm under pressure and for the welcome he extended to the new members of the department. ‘‘Jim was the kindest person you could ever meet, and he showed everyone respect,’’ recalled his close friend and colleague, Steve Shetsky, in the Lincolnshire Review. Jim’s memory is one of willingness to put his own life in danger to save those of his neighbors, and our communities are incredibly grateful for his service. Mr. Speaker, I offer my most sincere condolences to Jim’s wife, Janelle; to his children, Peyton and Brett; and to many family, friends, and colleagues who mourn his loss. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHNNY NELSON (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, last week, God called home a true icon of Katy, Texas: Johnny Nelson. Katy was a little rice farming town when I moved there in 1972, to southeast Texas. It was forever changed by Johnny. He served as our mayor from 1983 to 1987, and as our senior administrator from 1994 to 2014. Those were glorious years for Katy, Texas. 
He was the force behind the Katy Mills Mall and the Katy Heritage Museum. A true Texan, Johnny was a rice farmer and a cattleman, and we all loved his trademark cigar and cowboy hat. Mr. Speaker, I will close by paraphrasing another Texas icon, Bum Phillips, the coach of the Houston Oilers, who said: ‘‘Johnny Nelson may not be in a class by himself, but whatever class he’s in, it don’t take long to call the roll.’’ Thank you, Johnny. Welcome home. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SANDY CASEY (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Sandy Casey. Sandy had a great impact on the students and family she worked with as a special education teacher at Manhattan Beach Middle School. She was passionate about her work and was committed to continuing her own learning. Sandy would take on new projects that came her way, and she was devoted to all of her students. Sandy attended Route 91 Harvest Music Festival in Las Vegas with her fiance, Chris, and her friend. She is remembered by her community as a fun loving, free spirit who was a compassionate and loyal friend. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my condolences to Sandy Casey’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
CONGRATULATING BEAU ALLEN (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Beau Allen, a Minnetonka High School graduate and defensive tackle for the Philadelphia Eagles, who is now on his way to play in the Super Bowl after a strong performance in the NFC Championship Game just a week ago. Beau graduated from Minnetonka High School in 2010, and he is the only Minnetonka student in history to start all 4 years. After graduating, he went on to play for Wisconsin and didn’t miss a game in his 4 years on that team. And then, in 2014, Beau was a seventhround NFL pick and joined the Philadelphia Eagles. He is a key member of the team’s defensive line rotation. The Eagles’ defense is now ranked first against the run, the fourth in the points allowed, and fourth overall. As a Vikings fan, I was crushed that our season ended the way that it did, but it is exciting to see someone from our community now being able to play in the Super Bowl. I look forward to seeing Minnetonka represented on the field this Sunday. Good luck, Beau. f 
b1930 COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER FUNDING (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call out our Republican colleagues for still having left community health centers falling off a funding cliff for this year. Longterm funding for community health centers expired last September 30. These health centers serve more than 25 million patients in all States in this Union and U.S. territories and employ over 50,000 professionals in the health field nationwide. In Ohio, more than 85 percent of health center patients fall below 200 percent of the poverty line—the poorest of the poor. In 2015, Ohio health centers served over 600,000 patients— over half a million. Don’t our Republican colleagues understand an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure? Community health centers remain the Nation’s largest source of primary, comprehensive care for medically underserved populations. They are fundamental to life in our communities and neighborhoods, whether they be urban, rural, or small town. In 2015, America celebrated 50 years of the success of community health centers. This Congress and its Republican majority should not continue to let our constituents down who rely so heavily upon these health centers in lifeanddeath situations. 
KANSAS DAY (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Kansas Day, a recognition of my home State’s 157 years of statehood. Kansas was accepted into the Union as a free State in 1861. Kansans remain resilient, and we work hard to meet the challenges of today; after all, our State motto, ‘‘Ad astra per aspera,’’ means to the stars through difficulties. The Sunflower State has long been known for its wheat product, but today our agriculture industry is more diverse than ever. Kansas is home to the fastest growing dairy herd and is second in the Nation in the number of cattle and calves. From the farms to our universities, Kansas is leading the charge on research and innovation in agriculture, biosecurity, aviation, medicine, and basketball. Mr. Speaker, the proof is in the pudding. Kansans are leaders, and we have a long history of producing innovators. Walter Chrysler, Amelia Earhart, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and Bob Dole are just a few of the many Kansans who helped shape our Nation and advance our society. As I travel through my district and the State, I see the economic hardships our farmers and producers face, but I also see optimism and hope. I am proud to celebrate my home State today and every day as I represent the people of the big First District of Kansas. f 
CONGRATULATING RASUL DOUGLAS ON MAKING IT TO THE SUPER BOWL (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, hard work pays off. Rasul Douglas, a graduate of East Orange Campus High School in East Orange, New Jersey, is now a cornerback for the Philadelphia Eagles. This Sunday he will play in the Super Bowl. Rasul is one of seven siblings raised by his grandmother. He spent his first 2 years of college at Nassau Community College where he trekked 50 miles from home to class and practice every day, slept on the floor, and sometimes went hungry in pursuit of his dream. Rasul transferred to West Virginia University and was then selected by the Eagles in the third round of the 2017 NFL draft. Mr. Speaker, Rasul Douglas’ success is a testament to how far a good work ethic can take you. Rasul is a shining star for young people in my district. Even a Giants fan like me can recognize talent like his. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Rasul and the Eagles good luck in this weekend’s Super Bowl. 
TAX REFORM (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to talk about the most aggressively progrowth tax reform package passed since the Reagan administration. Each day, we learn about a new business giving a substantial bonus to its employees, increasing wages, or reinvesting into their communities because of tax reform. Today, ExxonMobil announced that they would invest an additional $50 billion in the United States due to this law. Many Arizonans are seeing the benefits from businesses such as Boeing, Waste Management, and Arizona Public Service, just to name a few. According to Americans for Tax Reform: ‘‘At least 3 million Americans are receiving special tax reform bonuses.’’ These successes are taking place long before tax reform has even 
been implemented fully. Most Americans have yet to learn how much more money they will see in their paychecks. Mr. Speaker, tax reform has placed us on the right course to keep our booming economy humming at a good clip and sets the trajectory for even more significant growth in the future. I predict a very prosperous new year. 
STANDING FOR THE PRINCIPLES OF DEMOCRACY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, just a couple of hours ago, the Republicans on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence voted to release the Nunes report. At the same time, they voted not to allow the rebuttal offered by the Democrats to be released. All I can say, Mr. Speaker, as a Member who has been through impeachment of the Federal judiciary and a President, not one time did I see any sidetrack opportunities or efforts to dismantle that ongoing investigation. We are not in an impeachment proceeding. We have a special counsel that is attempting to provide for the American people a detailed and thoughtful investigation. Why the rule of law has been so obliterated by our Republican friends and the idea of democracy and the protection of the institutions of this Nation have been undermined, I am shocked. The American people are not clamoring for the destruction of the FBI, nor are they clamoring for the destruction and undermining of Special Counsel Mueller’s report. Let us stand for the principles of democracy and the Constitution. This kind of undermining is dastardly and embarrassing. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF TIM NELSON (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Tim Nelson, a beloved father, husband, community leader, and football coach who passed away on January 16, after a courageous battle against colorectal cancer since 2013. Despite spending weeks receiving treatment in the hospital and going in and out of remission, Tim’s resolve and bravery in his battle against this disease never wavered. The support he and his family received in the Metro East and the River Bend never wavered either. A member of the Calhoun High School’s 1992 State championship football team, Tim served as head football coach at Marquette Catholic High School in Alton and Dupo High School before returning to his home school, Calhoun High School, as an assistant in 2013. Each of these communities and the entire region never stopped rallying around Tim and his family. I am proud to honor him and his life in this Chamber, and I ask you to join me in keeping his wife, Casey; and young son, Crew, in your thoughts and prayers. f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF PAUL BOOTH (Mr. ELLISON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I come before this body today with a heavy heart. A dear friend of mine, Mr. PAUL Booth, we lost him 12 days ago to leukemia. Mr. Booth was a man who dedicated his life to the simple idea of fairness—fairness for workers, fairness in all aspects of life. Paul Booth was a leading adviser to nearly every union president over the last several years at the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees. He also worked hard to lift up dignity in all aspects of his life. He was a student organizer and brought attention to the folly of the U.S. involvement in the Vietnam war, and he had been active in making Americans’ lives better his entire life. He understood the very simple idea that working people have dignity and that they must be treated to reflect that dignity by their government. He also understood that the linkage between hard work and prosperity should always be close and tight. He recognized that, in our country today, you can work very hard and still only make it. That is why he was one of the first people to work for a living wage policy in this country. He was fighting for a living wage before it was popular. Paul Booth also happened to have a marvelous partner. Her name is Heather Booth, and everybody knows Heather. But I just want to say, when people who make a life of service pass from this life, it is important that we recognize the tremendous debt we owe them. I want to thank Paul and Heather Booth for their mentorship of me and for their service to our country. 
RECOGNIZING KANGA ROOF IN BUCKS COUNTY (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a company in my district that is making a huge impact by giving back to our community. Kanga Roof, a company that has been providing roofing in the Bucks County area for over 30 years, celebrated its 10th Holiday Roof Giveaway this past December. Every year for the past 10 years, Kanga Roof has held a contest to provide a new roof to a deserving family in our community. This year, they selected my constituent, Bettemarie Bond, who is a tireless advocate for individuals with mitochondrial disease and those receiving IV infusions and tube feeding, whom I have had the honor of working with on this cause. Kanga Roof views their annual Holiday Roof Giveaway as a way of giving back to our community and making our community stronger. I would like to commend them on their commitment to our community and to encourage all of our constituents to follow Kanga Roof’s lead by being good neighbors and giving back to our community. f 
WITHDRAWAL OF APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUAL TO CONGRESSIONAL AWARD BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s withdrawal of the appointment of the following individual to the Congressional Award Board on January 25, 2018: Mr. Steve Hart, Washington, D.C. 
RELEASE THE FOURPAGE MEMO The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House this evening with several of my colleagues principally to thank Judiciary Committee Chairman BOB GOODLATTE , Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman TREY GOWDY , and Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman DEVIN NUNES for their tireless pursuit of the truth. There is a fourpage memo. I have read it. Over 190 of my Republican colleagues have read it. Some Democrats have read it, and some have boycotted reading it. It details circumstances that are deeply troubling to me and that I believe will be deeply troubling to many Americans. This memo encapsulates an entire year of work by these committees and by these committee chairmen, and they are to be commended for the excellent job that they have done, for the professionalism that they have undertaken, and for the stunning facts that they have uncovered that will soon be available for the American people. I will have more to say on this throughout the hour, Mr. Speaker, but first I yield to one of my colleagues in the Congress who was one of the first and loudest voices calling for transparency at the highest levels and to the maximum extent possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GAETZ for organizing this important Special Order and all my colleagues for coming to the House floor tonight encouraging the President of the United States now to certify the release of this memo to the American public. 
The American public is a lot smarter than a whole lot of other people give them credit for. Present them with the facts and the truth, and they can form their own independent judgment as to what transpired. That was the first thought that came to my mind when I went to the basement a week before last—the basement of the House Capitol—to read this classified memo of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, that this memo should be immediately released to the American public so that they have all of the facts. In addition to releasing the memo, I believe it is important to be releasing relevant material sourced in the memo. Now, tonight, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence voted to publicly release this memo to the American public, and, at the same time, the House Democrats came to the committee calling for the declassification and public release of their memo. b1945 Let me add a little bit more context on this memo that the House Democrats came to the floor asking to be released. They did not allow the voting members of the House Intelligence Committee to read the memo tonight before voting to declassify and publicly release it. Let me repeat that. The House Democrats, led by Ranking Member ADAM SCHIFF , went to the House Intelligence Committee tonight calling for the public release of their memo, asking for their colleagues to declassify the memo and to publicly release it immediately, without giving them the opportunity to read it first. I can speak for myself. I haven’t read the memo that the House Democrats offered up tonight. I haven’t been granted any access to read it. I am not aware of any other of my colleagues who have been able to read it. I can’t even confirm it exists. After the committee met, it was fascinating to watch the minority members of the House Intelligence Committee going straight from the hearing room to the cameras to give their narrative. At no point did they mention whatsoever, when they were saying that they were outraged that the majority members of that committee didn’t vote to publicly release it, at no point did they mention that they never gave them the opportunity to read it first. What you don’t see, at the same time, are the majority members of the House Intelligence Committee racing off to all those same cameras to give their same side of the narrative, the members of that House Intelligence Committee. What we are asking for is the American public to get the facts so that they can form the judgment of this FISA abuse for themselves. I, too, applaud the leadership of Mr. NUNES and the House Intelligence Committee for their work to restore faith with the American people. As a former Army intelligence officer and JAG officer myself, I understand the importance of giving our intelligence agencies the critical tools they need to protect our homeland, assist our troops on the front lines, and surveil our enemies. However, it is critical that we strike a balance between national security and civil liberty to prevent any gross violation of individual liberties under the guise of national security. Congress has the responsibility of ensuring an appropriate balance is struck, and when it is not, to release information we feel is in the national interest and of public importance. Today, Congress took an important step in making this possible. Americans deserve the truth. To pull the wool over the eyes of the American public insults their intelligence and debases the freedoms and liberties on which our government was founded. Government transparency and accountability should be neither partisan nor divisive. I would urge my colleagues on either side of the aisle, especially those who have voted against its release, to evaluate and reflect upon their position and come together united in favor of our belief that the American public is a lot smarter than many give them credit for. Give them the facts, and we have faith they will be able to form their own independent conclusions. Now it is up to the President. I would encourage him to release the memo. I would also encourage him to release relevant material sourced in it. Americans have the right know. If we as their elected Representatives fail to stand up for them, who will? The only way forward is to give the American public more information, not less. Release the memo. I thank Congressman MATT GAETZ  for his leadership throughout this entire process and his efforts to make sure the American public learns more, not less. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his persuasive leadership. The gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) was one of the first to sign letters to members of the House Intelligence Committee, and particularly its chairman, expressing the sense of this body that we supported the transparency that the gentleman spoke of. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue and for putting this hour together. Mr. Speaker, I have reviewed the secret memo in a secure setting. After having reviewed the contents of the classified memo relating to FISA abuses, I support its full release to the public. Americans deserve the truth, and Congress should always strive for transparency. I am stunned at the previous administration’s underhanded surveillance methods and misuse of power at the highest levels of the FBI and Department of Justice. This should never have been permitted to happen. Moreover, all Federal agencies, including the FBI, should be held to a high standard and always be held accountable for their actions. The issues that the memo raises must be brought to light and dealt with responsibly. I am pleased that the House Intelligence Committee voted tonight to release the memo, but our work does not end there. We must continually strive for integrity and openness within all levels of government. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS), who serves on the Judiciary Committee. He has worked very hard from the very beginning to ascertain the bases of claims made and is a true investigator at heart. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida for leading tonight’s Special Order. It has been an eyeopening year in office for me, and it is an honor to serve with Representative GAETZ on the Judiciary Committee in the pursuit of justice. Exactly 11 nights ago, Mr. Speaker, I walked into a secure vault, signed one of the most detailed nondisclosure documents I have ever seen, and viewed ‘‘the memo.’’ Everything I read was what I expected to read. That is what is outrageous to me. There was not much that I did not expect to find. I thank Chairman GOODLATTE , Chairman GOWDY , Chairman N UNES , and members of the House Intelligence Committee who have now voted to present that memo to the public. I am looking forward to President Trump shortly declassifying that memo permanently. I have heard people say to me: You are eroding trust in government and in the finest law enforcement agency in the country, the FBI, with your continual attacks. But they don’t understand that we are not attacking the FBI. We are seeking clarity, transparency, and an understanding of what went on under the leadership of the Department of Justice and the FBI in the previous administration. To not reveal that to the public is what erodes trust in their government. Nothing in this memo will impair our national security. But if we are to withhold this memo from the American people, I believe that, instead, would harm our national security because it would harm the integrity of those agencies, and it would further erode the trust that Americans have in their government. The American people deserve to see the information that I have read, that Mr. GAETZ has read, and that over 100 Members of Congress have read. The leadership of Chairman DEVIN NUNES  has made a tremendous difference, and this truth will be exposed. I congratulate him. 
Mr. Speaker, this memo will provide clarity and understanding. This is the memo, when it gets out, where the people will say: We need to make changes. We have got to have people in these law enforcement agencies and that lead these agencies and these bodies be trustworthy, follow the law, and not abuse their power for political gain or purpose. Mr. Speaker, I trust my constituents. Frankly, in the last week, I met with literally hundreds of my constituents. The most common theme talked about was: When will that classified memo be released so I can read it, so I can make a determination, so I can understand what has been going on in our government? I am so pleased that the House Intelligence Committee voted today to answer the question. In short order you will be able to read this and make up your own mind. That is why I encourage President Trump to quickly declassify the memo. Again, I thank my colleague, Representative GAETZ , and all who have been working on this issue to make this memo open and transparent for the people. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his service on the Judiciary Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ), another of my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida; he has definitely been a leader on this issue. I have got to tell you that I, too, am happy the Intelligence Committee has agreed to release the memo. When I was back home in Texas last week, it was the number one issue people were talking to me about. I want to take a minute and step back and do a little bit of a history lesson. The Fourth Amendment to our Constitution arose from some of the abusive practices that were going on in the Colonies. The King of England would send his troops to rifle through people’s effects without a warrant. Our Fourth Amendment said we are not going to let that happen in these new United States of America. We are going to require the government to get a warrant before they go through people’s papers. We are protected from illegal searches. I have been worried since the first day I got here in Congress, but in our effort to protect ourselves—and perhaps out of fear, some of it, perhaps, warranted—we are eroding those rights. So, as this memo comes out, regardless of what is in it, we need to be looking at the process: how we went to a secret court to get permission to get this information, how that information was gathered, what that information was, who vetted it, how thoroughly it was vetted, how the judges reacted, and, eventually, what came out and determined whether we need to reform that process to protect Americans’ rights. Yes, we all have a right to know what is going on with our government. Yes, I am worried about career bureaucrats or elected officials abusing the power of the government to get information on their political enemies, like the King was doing back in the days of the Revolutionary War. This is our opportunity to make sure that doesn’t happen in these United States. Let’s not lose sight of what the issue is here, and that is protecting the people not only from foreigners who look to do us harm, but also from an oppressive government that abuses its power to spy on American citizens. I am glad this memo is going to come out. I urge President Trump to promptly release it and, in fact, go beyond that: look at some of the sources of the material in it, determine that we can reveal some of those sources without jeopardizing our ability to gather intelligence, and release the source materials so we know what people knew when they made the decision to pursue the material covered in this memo. I think this is a great time for this country. I think this is our opportunity to remind ourselves that we do have a right to be safe and secure in our persons and papers from a government that may be trying to do more than protect us. Maybe some of these folks in the government have shifted from what we need to protect America, such as, well, the best way to protect America is to protect ourselves and our jobs and our political agenda. That is not what the job of our law enforcement and intelligence community is. It is to protect us from those who want to do us harm, especially foreigners. I want to give them the power to do that, the ability to do that, but I do not want to give them the ability to affect elections, to go after their political enemies, to spy on any one of us because they can. Human nature is such that, if we give the government too much power, there are those who will abuse it. So we in Congress have got to keep our eye on the ball at all times and protect the constitutional rights that our forefathers and our Founding Fathers gave us and that our men and women in uniform fight for every day that they are in service to this country. b2000 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING), a fellow member of the Judiciary Committee, another of the first Members of Congress to demand the appointment of a second special counsel to look into matters such as this. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) for yielding to me. I appreciate the gentleman for taking the lead on this issue back some weeks or months ago to bring a resolution to the House Judiciary Committee to call for special counsel to more broadly investigate all of the defugalties that have been taking place in this country, driven by political partisanship on the other side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I look back and I think about what the attitude was of President Trump—actually, even before the election and shortly after—when I listened to him, and he more or less expressed this sentiment, which was that, with Hillary Clinton and her transgressions and the way she had handled the classified material and up to the secret server next to the bathroom up in New York in her place, essentially, the President’s position was that we need to move America forward. We should not be dug deeply into going backwards on this or looking back over our shoulder. Let’s move forward. The public has litigated this in the election. Now, I think that is where President Trump wanted it to be, but it wasn’t to be because the left could not accept the idea that the American people had spoken. They began to manufacture and continue the manufacture this Russian investigation, these allegations that were collusion allegations with the Russians to try to manipulate an American election. I don’t think anybody doubts that the Russians made some effort at that, but all of us doubt that they had any impact whatsoever on our election. Those of us, at least on this side of the aisle, have seen zero information and zero evidence that the campaign of President Trump had any kind of relationship that went on with the Russians, that promoted it or colluded in any way. But because there needed to be some explanation for this phenomenal Presidential election of Donald Trump, we had to be drug back into this Russian investigation over and over again. Now, this began within 2 weeks of the President’s election, after about November 8 or so. Then as that unfolded, Mr. Speaker, then we saw what was really going on here. We got into about February or March of last year. At that point, I said: They are not going to relent on this Russian investigation business. They are going to continue to belabor this point. The election has already been settled and it is not in question, as far as the results of the polls are concerned. We have a President. Let’s honor the President. Let’s honor the will of the American people. Let’s respect the decision made at the polls. But, instead, the pressure continued on and on, allegations complicit with the mainstream media, the fake news, as we have now finally come to know them, I think, by habit and fact. At that point, I said: If they will not let up, then it is going to be an obligation to dig and drill deeply into all of the things that bring us together, from Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner all the way across the board, from Hillary and the sham investigation, the questioning of her on July 2, 2016, on and on 
throughout the whole spectrum of things. It became an obligation to drill to the complete bottom of all of the allegations that had been made from the investigation that surely didn’t look legitimate to us, as Mr. GAETZ and I and others on the Judiciary Committee began to question people from the FBI and the people from the Justice Department and, at that time, James Comey, the Director of the FBI. We put those pieces together. Each one of those little incidents that were testified to kind of stood up okay on their own, but when you put them together in the string of it had to be an unbelievable string of coincidences that were presented before the Judiciary Committee and the other committees here on the Hill, it became clear to us, initiated by Mr. GAETZ , that we need to go much more deeply into this and much more quickly. A good number of us supported a resolution to call for special counsel. Now, I support the idea of an additional special counsel to broaden this. I would write the language even more broadly than the original resolution. But we should keep in mind what is going on on this Hill today, that is, that there are, by my count, at least, seven different congressional committees that are investigating this broad picture of the subject matter that we are discussing here today. On top of that, we have Robert Mueller’s investigation as a special counsel. Additionally, we have an IG investigation going on in the Justice Department under Michael Horowitz. Michael Horowitz has a good reputation. He has about 450 investigators all together, all of whom are probably not working on this. I would be surprised if they were. So there are seven reports from committees that will eventually come out, Mr. Speaker, and one from Robert Mueller that is going to come out and one from the IG that is going to come out. This is pretty confusing to try to understand the subject matter that they are addressing. It is defined a little bit differently from committee to committee and from the assigned investigation groups, but I will envision this: Our Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, sits there in the Justice Department having, in an honorable way, recused himself from the Russian investigation, which keeps his hands off of that. The recommendation, as I understand that, came from Rod Rosenstein, the acting U.S. Attorney General in the event that Jeff Sessions isn’t there to be the Attorney General. That was in the recommendation, by the testimony that I believe I remember, that Jeff Sessions should recuse himself from the Russian investigation, and that is the man who made the appointment of Robert Mueller. So when I look at this whole picture, our Attorney General’s job is a tough one, but it is one I think he can do better than anyone else in this country or on this planet, and that is make sense of all of these investigations, seven congressional investigations, an IG investigation, and a special counsel’s investigation. That adds up to nine, by my estimation. Now, people are human. So that says to me that these assignments of these investigations are either going to overlap or there are going to be gaps. When you have nine of them all together, there will be overlapping and there will be gaps. Where there are overlaps, there is likely to be some contradiction. So the job of the Attorney General is to look at this whole picture and put this back together in a way that you can figure out what the contradictions are, fill in the gaps, investigate the places that haven’t been investigated by the assignments of these various committees and the special counsel, and then deliver to the American people the right kind of view on the justice that needs to come. If there are indictments, to make that call for those indictments, clearly and unequivocally, based upon factual evidence. That is why I support this memo being released in the vote of the Select Committee on Intelligence today. It is essential that the American people get to the truth. They can’t absorb this truth all in one day. It has to come out a piece at a time because we are human and they are human. So I encourage the Attorney General to keep his hand on this in the steady way that he has. I am very confident that the decisions made on the Select Committee on Intelligence are the correct ones, and I am very confident that the President will make a decision to release the memo so the American people can get at the truth. How far the truth takes us, history will write that book. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for putting this all together here this evening. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) for being a clarion voice for calling this Congress and this administration to act in a way that is consistent with the values and the principles of the American people. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida has 33 minutes remaining. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I will not take that full allotment of time. I will say, though, that it is worth repeating the great work that Chairman BOB GOODLATTE has done in the Judiciary Committee; the excellent work that TREYGOWDY has done, the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee; and the excellent work that Chairman DEVIN NUNES has done. Each of these committees has jurisdiction over a different component part of the information that is laid out before the American people that has given rise to so many concerns about bias, departure from standard practices, familial relationships, and the potential political corrosion of institutions that we have to rely on for an effective democracy. I also want to thank the thousands of people who work in the FBI and the Department of Justice who are patriots, who go to work every day to protect us from threats at home and abroad, who really do do a great job in defense of this country. It is not their work that we question; in fact, it is their work we hope to empower. When you have circumstances where folks at the head shed or the leading bureaucrats can rip investigations away from field offices, can alter the contents of information that is shared with the American people, it undermines the work that true law enforcement members are doing. We want to highlight and honor that work while, at the same time, exercising our oversight function to go after the bad conduct and, where we find it systemic, institute reforms so that it does not happen again. The FBI and the Department of Justice should never be a political weapon used to go after adversaries. This is an issue where we ought to have more bipartisan agreement, Mr. Speaker. While I am grateful that the Republicans on the Intelligence Committee this evening were able to carry the day in the fight for transparency, I am disappointed that these issues led to partyline votes. The reality is that all Americans— Republican, Democrat, Independent, Libertarian, or members of the Whig Party—have an interest in ensuring that we have systems in place that protect our constitutional rights and liberties. We all have a stake in the action to ensure that, no matter which party wins or loses an election, the political apparatus of intelligence won’t be used to go after enemies or people we disagree with. I believe this was an opportunity missed, but it won’t be the last one. I believe that the President is going to declassify this information within the 5day window allowed to him. When he does, all Americans will see why Republicans have been concerned with the information we have learned. Then the opportunity will arise to work together, to take these facts, to take what we know, and to liberate ourselves from the partisanship of this town and to try to make things better so that, in the future, you don’t have a circumstance where one investigation is called a headquarter special and taken away from the Washington field office, as the Hillary Clinton email scandal was. We certainly don’t want cases where people’s family members—familial relationships, spousal relationships—influence the outcomes of decisions; and we also don’t want systems in place that allow leaks to the media within the apparatus of intelligence to cloud 
our mind, to cloud our judgment, to cloud the facts, or to cloud the review of our courts. So, again, while I am proud of the work of the people who have spent a year investigating these matters, while I am confident in the findings of this report, I still remain disappointed that we don’t have more unity to ensure that these types of abuses never happen again. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the President of the United States will walk down the center aisle. He will address this floor. There might be a few more folks than there are here this evening. I hope that the first thing he does is hand to the Speaker of the House his consent and his agreement to allow transparency to rein, to declassify this memo, to put it before the American people, and then let’s have a great debate about its consequences and about the opportunity that it presents to make things better so that these things never happen again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 101. Concurrent resolution providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President. f 
b2015 A THREAT TO LABOR UNIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I stand to anchor this special hour because this Nation is faced with a very serious threat. As a matter of fact, it is a devious threat to the labor unions, our great labor unions that have played a most fundamental role in establishing the greatness of the economy of our great Nation. Mr. Speaker, this evening, first I want to thank the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Mr. CEDRIC RICHMOND from Louisiana, for his great leadership. I appreciate him giving me this opportunity to anchor this special hour. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank the staffs of the CBC, Ms. Caren Street, who has worked very closely with my staffer, Ms. Seema Ibrahim, who has done a remarkable job. Our whole team of many Congressmen from every sector of this country, every part of this country, is going to come before this House of Representatives in these next 60 minutes to explain and expose to the American people two important things. First of all, we want to illustrate our deep understanding of the great value of the labor unions to this great country. We also want to expose the great threat that is now being faced by our labor unions. The first group of our labor unions that is facing this threat are the public sector unions, most pointedly because in a matter of a few weeks, the Supreme Court will take up a case, Janus v. AFSCME. This Janus case is designed to remove what has already been established as the constitutionality of public service unions to be able to mandate fees and dues for their membership, which will be a catastrophic threat to the survival of these unions. So we want to explain that. We want to also share the greatness of this. So this is where we are. I want to ask those who are listening over C–SPAN tonight all across this country to call a neighbor, call a friend, tell them to tune in and listen to these Members of Congress pour out the truth about what is at stake with this Janus court case that will be coming up before the Supreme Court. The first union that will be dealt with is AFSCME, but it is far more than just AFSCME. It is the public sector unions that will be ruled as to whether it is constitutional or not for them to have dues to be able to play. This case comes from an individual, Mr. Janus, in Illinois who disagreed with political endorsements. What is important to understand going forward, Mr. Speaker, is that the constitutionality has already been upheld. On top of that, if there is any union member who does not agree with those political endorsements, he has a right to get a financial rebate for that part of the dues that will go to political endorsements. So if Mr. Janus’ concerns have been dealt with, then why this case? That is the Achilles’ heel that will prove the deviousness of what is before us. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I bring on our first speaker. This gentleman, Representative BOBBY  SCOTT, is the ranking member of our Education and the Workforce Committee. On top of that, he is a fierce fighter for working families and he is a leader in making sure that labor unions will continue to have the rights that they fought so hard for. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, unions empower workers with the freedom to negotiate for a fair return on their work and they provide a collective voice to advocate for policies that benefit working people. Union workers, including those in the public sector, have more access to paid leave, medical and retirement benefits, and higher pay than workers who are not unionized. Children of union members experience more upward mobility than children of workers who are not covered with union contracts, and States with higher union density have stronger workplace protections. There is a long history of unions helping the least powerful secure dignity on the job. This is the 50th anniversary of the Memphis sanitation workers’ strike in 1968. After two workers were crushed in garbage compactors, the Memphis sanitation workers peacefully protested for better pay and safer working conditions. They sought representation from the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees, or AFSCME. They marched with placards that simply stated: ‘‘I am a man.’’ Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., long recognized that the fight for civil rights was fundamentally linked to economic justice and he gave his last public address before his assassination on behalf of these workers. Despite police brutality and the deployment of 4,000 National Guardsmen, the strike was ultimately successful and AFSCME negotiated higher wages and safer conditions. The unions representing the workers in the public sector continue to empower our workers and communities today. Just this month, when temperatures plunged to dangerous lows, the Baltimore Teachers Union fought for children who were forced to bundle up in coats and hats in their own classrooms because there was no heat in their schools. Around the country, the SEIU represented hundreds of thousands of healthcare workers who provide in home healthcare for our Nation’s elderly and disabled. In many States, these workers are State employees, and the unions play a crucial role in bargaining for better wages, better training, and in advocating for increased Medicaid funding so they can deliver services to the disabled and the elderly. Despite the great work these unions have done on behalf of working people, they are constantly under attack by corporate interests determined to cripple the labor movement, and we know why. Big corporations and the top 1 percent have rigged our economy against working people. They have gamed the system, including our tax laws, to redistribute wealth to a select few. They have starved our economy of investments in education, infrastructure, and housing. 
The campaign to weaken unions has contributed to extreme income inequality and wage stagnation, as smaller and smaller shares of corporate earnings are paid in wages. The latest of these attacks is happening in the Supreme Court. On February 26, the Court will hear oral arguments in Janus v. AFSCME, Council 31, on the question of whether or not to overturn 40 years of precedence affirming the principle that public employees who choose not to join a union may be required to pay a fair share fee to cover the costs of collective bargaining and contract enforcement. In 1977, the Supreme Court ruled in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education that fair share States may authorize the payment of fair share fees to support unions’ collective bargaining on behalf of employees. The Court found that the fair share fees are constitutional under the First Amendment because they support collective bargaining, not political activities. This practice fosters States’ interests in preventing labor disputes, cures the free rider problem of employees benefiting from union representation while shifting the costs to their coworkers, and improves the delivery of services by State and local governments. In Janus, the plaintiffs want to overturn laws in 23 States and the District of Columbia that now require public sector workers who decide not to be members of the union to pay a fair share fee. These workers enjoy all of the benefits of the union: higher wages, safer workplaces, effective grievance procedures. In these fair share States today, public and private employees who do not want to join a union may be required to pay their fair share for expenses for services required by law, not political, but the services required by law to benefit all workers. Janus seeks to overturn that law and allow people to benefit from all of those services without paying their fair share. The challenge to the longserving precedence is the latest move by corporate interests to weaponize the First Amendment against working people. We have seen it before in Citizens United, which used freedom of speech in the First Amendment to justify virtually unlimited corporate contributions to political campaigns. Here in the House of Representatives, we frequently see similar antiunion attacks dedicated to weakening the labor movement’s ability to function as an advocate for working people and as a counterweight to corporate power. Whether in the Supreme Court or here in Congress, the campaign to weaken unions is a campaign to strip workers of their most basic protections. This is why it is crucial for Congress to defend against any attacks to undermine workers’ freedom to negotiate for better wages and better working conditions. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for organizing this Special Order. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. It is very important, as he has mentioned, to note that we are talking about not just AFSCME, as I said, but we are talking about nurses unions, educators, the teachers that teach our children, our police, firefighters, everyone. It is very important that the people of this country really get informed about this. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Representative DWIGHT EVANS , who normally anchors this hour and does a great job. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the great State of Georgia for introducing me and for this opportunity to talk about an important Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME, Council 31, and the importance of our unions. Our unions give us much to celebrate in our neighborhoods nationwide. As we know all too well, this case stands to destabilize collective bargaining rights within the public sector. This is clearly an attack on freedom and liberties of hardworking Americans. We are in the business of doing no harm. That is what we should be. All that this case aims to do is take away the rights of the ability of hardworking Americans to have a strong voice in their workplace. That is just not right. Next month, the Supreme Court will hear the oral arguments in this case to determine whether fair share fees violate the First Amendment rights of workers. When it comes to this case, a negative decision for our unions nationwide would take us in the wrong direction. Across the country, more than half of AfricanAmerican workers and nearly 60 percent of Latino workers are paid less than $15 per hour. Union jobs have historically been, and continue to be, a path to the middle class for people of color, who often face lowwage jobs. AfricanAmerican union members today earn 14.7 percent more and Latino workers earn 21.8 percent more than their nonunion counterparts. In some sections, the difference is even greater. AfricanAmerican women in unions earn an average of $21.90 an hour, while nonunion workers earn $17.04. b2030 In addition, there are more than 72 percent of women in unions who have health insurance, while less than 50 percent of nonunion AfricanAmerican women do not. Our unions are a key road to our growing middle class, especially for women and communities of color. Nationwide, our unions continue to be on the frontline of fighting for higher pay, fair wages, safer working conditions, and better hours to provide for themselves and their families. I will continue to stand on the frontline of protecting rights for all hardworking Americans. It is up to us to lift up unions in all of our communities. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for leading this caucus in this need. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), a leader and a fighter from the very State where Mr. Janus is from. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for anchoring this session, and all of those who have come to join in it. I read someplace the other day where there are three men in this country who own as much of the wealth as 50 percent of all the poorest people in this country. If it were not for organized labor, not for unions, and the influence, millions of individuals who are middle class would be working at peon wages. Individuals would not be able to send their children to college, wouldn’t be able to own an automobile or a home. So we can never undermine or not understand the value of organization. Many of us in this room enjoy the support of organized labor. You have got to get resources from somewhere. You have got to get money in order to function. If you cannot match what the big megabucks individuals can give to maintain control of our society, how do you expect to change it? So I am simply pleased to join with my colleagues and suggest that nothing is more important in the distribution and redistribution of the wealth of this country than organized labor. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased that the gentleman mentioned the important fact of the fantastic role that labor has played. Without organized labor, there would be no middle class in America. There would be no 40hour workweek. Child labor laws would not be on the books. The role that organized labor has played cannot be communicated better than our next speaker, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who is a legend in standing up and fighting for working people and labor unions. I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding and for that gracious introduction, but, more importantly, for his magnificent leadership and for constantly looking out for working men and women throughout the country. I also thank him very much for bringing us together this evening to discuss the Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME. Mr. Speaker, as we remember the man and the movement which transformed the soul of America, we must never forget that Dr. Martin Luther 
King, Jr., fought for economic justice and workers’ rights. A few months before Dr. King’s assassination, two young AfricanAmerican workers were crushed to death by a faulty truck in Memphis. The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees—AFSCME— union members went on strike, and Dr. King was right there with them, leading and lending his support. In a speech to the sanitation workers on strike, Dr. King explained why he was there. He said: ‘‘Now our struggle is for genuine equality, which means economic equality. For we know that it isn’t enough to integrate lunch counters. What does it profit a man to be able to eat at an integrated lunch counter if he doesn’t earn enough money to buy a hamburger . . . ?’’ Now, 50 years after Dr. King’s tragic assassination after standing up for economic justice and fighting to end poverty, the Supreme Court is taking up a case that would gut union rights. Make no mistake, the Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME, is a political scheme to further endanger the rights of working people. This case is yet another attempt by billionaires and corporations to stop working people from joining unions altogether. This case will gut the very protections that are the fabric of our society, and that is our unions. More than 16 million people are represented by a union, from teachers, firefighters, and nurses, to postal workers, and many more. Unions help improve lives. They increase wages. They lift families out of poverty. They fight for safe working conditions and welldeserved benefits. Unions are especially critical to communities of color. For too long, African Americans have been locked out of wage increases because of discriminatory practices. But for African Americans who do join unions, they earn 15 percent more than their nonunion counterparts. AfricanAmerican women, in particular, earn an average of $22 an hour compared to $17 an hour in a nonunion job, and those wages make a huge difference for families. Plain and simple, unions provide a path to the American Dream and the middle class for working people. Unfortunately, as union membership has decreased because of attacks on working people, income inequality has risen. From 1973 to 2007, as more States started forcing working people off of unions, income inequality rose by one third. That is shameful. So, Mr. Speaker, the Janus case before the Supreme Court now threatens the economic security of families all across the country. This case will go against what the American public wants. More than three in five Americans know the importance of labor unions, yet here we are having to defend their very existence. This is outrageous. So we must ensure that working people, people of color, everyone, continue to have the right to join a union. It is the right thing for our economy. It is the right thing for our communities. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for leading this very important Special Order tonight. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is so right that the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) mentioned Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., because this year is the 50th anniversary of his assassination. And what was he doing? As you pointed out, he was in Memphis helping the garbage workers. It was Local 1733 that had just got their charter. And when the threats were out about him, they wanted him to leave. He said: ‘‘No. I don’t know what would happen. We have got some difficult days ahead, but I just want to do God’s will.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is what we are doing here tonight. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I yield to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ), a dear friend, a leader in the fight for unions and working people who loves this Nation immensely, and who works with me on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding. He has pulled us together. Those of us who have been able to work with him over the years, as I have—13 years on the committee—we appreciate the gentleman’s work from Georgia’s 13th District. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues have already very eloquently reminded you of the significance, the history, and the benefits of unions. I want to talk to you about the power of unions, the power to effect change in the workforce. Next month, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments in Janus v. AFSCME. This will decide whether workers can receive all the benefits of a union contract without contributing any funding in return. We call them fair share fees. Unions work because the workers pay their fair share, and they all benefit from what is negotiated. Each worker chooses whether or not to join a union, but the union is still required by law to represent and negotiate on behalf of all of the workers. Some people want to see an end to that, which is why this case is headed to the U.S. Supreme Court. A negative decision could reverse a 40year unanimous precedent supporting State’s rights. Now, I want to say that I believe in the power of unions. It allows employees a voice when some of them feel that they have been silenced. When they can’t speak and ask for increased wages or a safe working environment for fear of retaliation, the unions speak. The unions are their voices and they demand fair and reasonable working conditions. We saw that power in 1970 during the Postal Workers’ strike. Workers had had enough. And as the gentleman from Georgia mentioned earlier, we saw that power during the Memphis Sanitation Workers’ strike. Workers were willing to sacrifice their lives. The Reverend James Lawson, a good friend of mine, was a United Methodist pastor in Memphis at the time. He made a phone call to a man he had met about 10 years earlier. Jim Lawson had just gotten out of prison for refusing to go to Korea. Jim Lawson met Martin Luther King after he got out of prison. They both ended up in India, studying under Gandhi. Jim Lawson realized that Martin Luther King had started this organization with four others called the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, so he called him and said: ‘‘Would you come to Memphis? We need you to help with this sanitation workers’ strike.’’ It is little known that when Dr. King tried to get the SCLC board to vote to come to Memphis, they were not in support. Dr. King struggled around a couple of days by himself, and then let everybody know on the board he was going to go by himself. That, of course, changed everybody else’s minds and they joined him in Memphis. We all know what happened to Martin Luther King, Jr., when he went to Memphis. He was killed on the balcony of the Lorraine Motel. He sacrificed his life for workers, the people who built this country. I owe my ‘‘middle classness’’ to my maternal and my paternal grandfathers. Both of them worked for the Southern Pacific Railroad and became members of a union and earned enough money to buy a house. In my little town where I was born, Waxahachie, Texas, an African American owning his own home, not a shanty? So it inspired his three boys, one of which was my father, to raise his four kids in a middle class way. We all went off to college. We owe that not only to the ingenuity of my grandfather and my parents, but also to the unions. So I will support unions as long as I can. Long after I am out of Congress, I intend to support unions because they have power to change lives. I am an example. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Reverend Cleaver for his comments. Mr. Speaker, there are 7.1 million members of just the public sector unions. Thirtyfour percent of all of the employees in public service belong to unions, and this Supreme Court case would be devastating to these 7.1 million families. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ), who serves on the very influential Energy and Commerce Committee. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Georgia, for anchoring this very important Special Order this evening. Mr. Speaker, I rise in solidarity with my colleagues in this very important 
discussion about fair share fees for union workers. b2045 In 1977, the Supreme Court, in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education, decided that fair share fees were constitutional, full stop. This decision allowed unions to be paid fair share fees by nonunion members in order to negotiate on their behalf. Fair share fees have become increasingly significant and important, as unions continue to fight for worker protections in the workplace. Now, 40 years later, the Supreme Court is poised to hear this issue yet again in Janus v. AFSCME. So what has changed? What has changed? Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned that this is yet another attempt to put big business above working people and weaken organized labor as effective representatives for the working class. I, therefore, ask the Court to be thoughtful. I ask that they think of the consequences that will follow by reversing this law. I ask the Court not to be used as pawns by the Republican conservatives, millionaires and billionaires, to weaken organized labor and unions of the 21st century. If it were not for organized labor, many of us would not be standing here representing our constituents today. My mother was a member of DC 37, a part of AFSCME, and it was through her labor union, her local, that she was able to put money aside for my brother and me to go to college, to make sure that our healthcare was taken care of. And here we are in the wealthiest Nation in the world where millionaires and billionaires are lining their pockets with profits, and, at the same time, we have workers who are before the Supreme Court just seeking dignity to be organized through labor and labor unions. This is a time for all Americans to remember their roots. Organized labor is part of the bedrock of this Nation. It is my hope that the Supreme Court will remember that in their deliberations. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it was so good of the gentlewoman to mention the why in all of this because, Mr. Speaker, in 1977, 41 years ago, in the Abood v. Detroit Board of Education, it was ruled constitutional, and now they want to come back 41 years later and say it is not constitutional. That is the big why we are going to get to answer as we move with these great speeches from our Members from across the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), a tireless fighter for working people, who is also the vice chairman of our Congressional Progressive Caucus as well as the vice chairman of our Democratic National Committee and a good friend. We work together on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker and Members, it is important to understand the big picture here. When the Supreme Court takes up Janus, yes, they are going to be talking about fair share. Is it legal, is it constitutional, for someone to benefit from being represented by a labor union that has to fight for them and then still not have to pay anything to help at all. That will be the question before the Court. But that is just a very small part of what is really going on. What is really going on, Mr. Speaker, is that we see the deconstruction of the American middle class. The question is: Will America be a land of opportunity; or will it be a land of stagnation where you can work as hard as you want to, but you are never going to be able to make enough to really make it? What is going on here, Mr. Speaker, is that the conservative movement in our country is trying to break the link between hard work and prosperity as they rifle money and channel it to the very richest among us, and working people just have to hope for the best and work hard just to get back to work for whatever they can scrape together. Because at the end of the day, labor unions have given workers a voice which has helped create the great American middle class. The lightbulb and the semiconductor are not the great inventions of America. They are great inventions, but the greatest invention of the United States of America is this big, giant middle class which you can work hard and get into. This is what is under threat. This is what we are fighting to uphold tonight. Now, Janus is a decision that takes place within the context of other decisions. Let us not forget Shelby County, a case which attacked our right to vote. Let’s not forget Citizens United, a case which says corporations are people and they can spend as much money on elections as they choose. Let’s not forget these tax cuts passed just about a few weeks ago which rifle money to the richest among us and undermine American workers. We are in the middle of a battle over whether or not the United States will continue to be a place where hard work pays. That is what this fight is about. And that, Mr. Speaker, is what we invite everyone to understand the union difference. If you are Black, being in a union means you are going to make more money than other folks. If you are a woman, it will mean the same thing. If you are a veteran, it will mean the same thing. Unions have always done more for the people who are in them, and we want to get more people in unions, not fewer. The attack that we see tonight in the form of this Janus v. AFSCME is an attack on that union advantage. But unions have helped everybody, Mr. Speaker. If you look at wage stagnation in America, what you see since World War II, right up until the 1970s, is pay going up and up and up for working people until we see union density begin to break down, and it is at that point that we begin to see wages flatten out and stagnate. Unions create not just good pay and good benefits for their workers, but they actually create benefits for all workers because unions create the wage floor and lift up all boats. Mr. Speaker, let me say that this is African American History Month only a few days away beginning in February. We must remember people like A. Philip Randolph, who was not only a union leader, he was a civil rights leader. We can’t forget about E. D. Nixon, who helped start the Montgomery Bus Boycott, which led to the beginning of the modern American civil rights movement. And let us not forget our beloved Martin Luther King, whose birthday we celebrated a few days ago, and who we will recognize the 50th anniversary of his assassination this year, died fighting for workers of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Workers, who is one of the litigants in this case, the Janus case. So I want to say, if you care about income inequality, if you care about prosperity for working people, you have got to get on the side of fighting against this Janus decision. This is what is going on. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ELLISON for his comments. Well done. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). And you talk about a fearless fighter, Mr. Speaker, Ms. SHEILAJACKSON LEE. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his leadership in galvanizing all of us, and I thank my colleagues for very eloquent messages on the floor of the House regarding Janus v. AFSCME Council 31. Let me acknowledge Lee Saunders and the AFSCME family, who have been champions in fighting for the rights of all labor, and that is why we are on the floor of the House today, because we wanted to, in our way as legislators, join in this magnificent fight for constitutional rights of the First Amendment. And let me take issue with the 1977 Supreme Court case Abood v. Detroit Board of Education and turn the Fourth Amendment back to supporting those workers who, in fact, want to associate and participate in unions. Let me also thank my colleague Chairman Richmond of the Congressional Black Caucus for galvanizing us as well in this effort. We offered a resolution to honor Echol Cole and Robert Walker. On February 1, 1968, it will be 50 years that these two sanitation workers in Memphis were killed in a horrific accident when the compactor on their sanitation truck malfunctioned. The key is that these individuals had no rights, no benefits. They had no death benefits. They had no protection for their families. They had nothing. And that is why this Supreme Court decision is so crucial and why I hope that the Supreme 
Court of the United States will rule in favor of AFSCME against this wrongheaded approach to those who are trying to speak on behalf of those who support the rights of workers. The Supreme Court cases did the flip of the First Amendment and suggested that the First Amendment of those who disapproved unions was being violated. I believe that the Supreme Court got it completely wrong and that the First Amendment rights of those who move positively to be part of a union could be argued vigorously that their rights are being violated. Not only their rights are being violated, but their rights to have a liveable wage and to work in a safe and protected workforce and workplace. That is what I think the real question is as to why those who want to be in a union must be defeated by the constitutional premise of the First Amendment. My First Amendment is to join the union and to secure the rights and benefits of those. I hope that the Supreme Court will look to the fact that union members who desire to have fees selected and utilized for the union deducted from their salary have every much a right to the First Amendment. You can opt out, but you should not deny those members the right to the First Amendment to have their voices heard. In particular, it is important to note the benefits that have come about to the AfricanAmerican community. And that is the AfricanAmerican community has seen increasing wages. AfricanAmerican union workers earn up to $10,000 or 31 percent more a year than nonunion workers. In 2011, nearly 20 percent of employed African Americans worked for the State, local, or Federal Government compared to 14 percent of other groups. And African Americans are less likely than other groups to work in the private sector. So let me say this about why I stand here to support the unions and their right to the First Amendment to deduct fees to be able to express their rights. Let me just quickly say as I close: Do you know among the many things that unions have helped us get are weekends, all breaks at work, paid vacations, family medical leave, sick leave, Social Security, minimum wage, civil rights, overtime, child labor laws, and workman’s comp? Mr. Speaker, I believe that this is an important discussion because so many good elements of saving lives, so much so that those dear sanitation workers would not have lost their life, came about from the sacrifice of unions, and we should provide them with the First Amendment right. Let me salute Clara Caldwell who will be honored by our union brothers and sisters in Austin, Texas, and let me say the right thing for the Supreme Court to do is rule on behalf of the unions and their rights to the First Amendment. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  points about African Americans and Labor Unions, facts about Janus v. AFSCME Council 31, and 36 reasons to thank the union movement. AFRICAN AMERICANS AND LABOR UNIONS  1. Historically, the path to the middle class for African Americans was through a union job. 2. AfricanAmerican workers are more likely to be union members. 3. Unionized workers promote greater income equality and prevent wage discrimination. 4. African American union workers earn up to $10,000 or 31% more per year than non union members. 7. Few African Americans are selfemployed—only 3.8% reported being selfemployed in 2011—making them almost half as likely to be selfemployed as Whites (7.2%). 8. Unionized workers are more likely to receive paid leave, more likely to have employerprovided health insurance, and are more likely to be in employerprovided pension plans. 9. Unions play a pivotal role by ensuring workers have continued educational access for their current roles as well as encourage workers to pursue higher education. 10. Nationally, 77 percent of union employees in 2009 were covered by pension plans that provide a guaranteed monthly retirement income. Only 20 percent of nonunion workers are covered by guaranteed (defined benefit) pensions 20%. 11. Union workers are 53.9% more likely to have employerprovided pensions. 12. When unions are strong and able to represent the people who want to join them, these gains spread throughout the economy and the overall community. 13. Workers who form unions are able to boost wages, which helps attract and retain staff. 14. When nonunion companies increase their wages, it gives all workers more purchasing power. 15. Communities with a strong middle class have sufficient tax revenues to support schools, hospitals and roads. 16. Historically, pensions, social security and personal savings ensured that workers could retire with dignity. 17. With the current recession and the attack on pensions, many workers are left to depend on social security and their personal savings alone. 18. Many African American elders find themselves in a precarious situation after decades of work. 19. Union members played a critical role in the civil rights struggles of the past and that involvement continues today. 20. When Martin Luther King Jr. was jailed for civil disobedience, unions and union members frequently came to his aid with the legal and financial help he needed. 21. Philip Randolph and Bayard Rustin both union leaders help to organize the March on Washington in 1963 and in countless cities around the country. 22. Martin Luther King Jr. was shot and killed while in Memphis to aid striking sanitation workers. 23. Today, labor unions are still on the forefront of efforts to ensure that the gains of the past are maintained and to fight for those still denied opportunity and equality. FACTS ABOUT JANUS V . AFSCME C OUNCIL 31— SOURCE : AFSCME Facts of the Case In 1977, the Supreme Court, in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education, upheld against a First Amendment challenge a Michigan law that allowed a public employer whose employees were represented by a union to require those of its employees who did not join the union nevertheless to pay fees to it because they benefited from the union’s collective bargaining agreement with the employer. Illinois has a law similar to that upheld in Michigan. The governor of Illinois brought a lawsuit challenging the law on the ground that the statute violates the First Amendment by compelling employees who disapprove of the union to contribute money to it. The district court dismissed the complaint on the grounds that the governor lacked standing to sue because he did not stand to suffer injury from the law, but two public employees intervened in the action to seek that Abood be overturned. Given that Abood is binding on lower courts, the district court dismissed the claim, and the Seventh Circuit affirmed dismissal for the same reason. Legal Question Presented: Should the Court’s decision in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education should be overturned so that public employees who do not belong to a union cannot be required to pay a fee to cover the union’s costs to negotiate a contract that applies to all public employees, including those who are not union members? Janus v. AFSCME Council 31 threatens our union and all working families. This case, which will come before the Supreme Court in February, represents a huge threat to our union. As a local leader, you are critical to how we defend and protect our union, our members and public services in the face of this threat. This lawsuit aims to take away the freedom of working people to join together in strong unions to speak up for themselves and their communities. In February, the U.S. Supreme Court will hear the case and a decision is expected by the summer. What are fair share fees, and why are they important? Unions work because we all pay our fair share and we all benefit from what we negotiate together. Fair share fees provide public service workers with the power in numbers they need to negotiate better wages, benefits and protections that improve work conditions and set standards for everyone. Each public service worker chooses whether or not to join a union, but the union is still required by law to represent and negotiate on behalf of all public service workers—members and nonmembers alike. All employees receive the wage increases, benefits and workplace rights negotiated through the union. The corporate special interests behind this case want to take away our ability to build strength in numbers. That is why they want the Supreme Court to rule that workers can receive all the benefits of a union contract without contributing anything in return. All workers should chip in their fair share to cover the cost of representing them. Is anyone ever forced to join a union or pay for politics? No. The simple truth is that no one is forced to join a union and no one is forced to pay any fees that go to politics or political candidates. That is already the law of the land. Nothing in this case will change that. This case is about taking away the freedom of working people to join together, speak up for each other and build a better life for themselves and their families by undermining their ability to form strong unions. What is the real impact of this case? When working people have the freedom and opportunity to speak up together through unions, we make progress together that benefits everyone. The wealthy elite behind this case are trying to use the highest court in the land to take away our freedom to create the power in numbers to secure better lives 
for ourselves, our families, our communities and our country by undermining our ability to form strong unions. If fair share fees are struck down, employees who benefit from the gains that the union makes will not have to pay anything toward the cost of that representation. If the billionaires and corporate CEOs behind this case get their way, they will take away the freedom of working people to come together and build power to fight for the things our families and communities need: everything from affordable health care and retirement security to quicker medical emergency response times. What is this case really about? The case aims to erode the freedom to form unions to improve our lives and the communities we serve. Real freedom is about making a decent living from our hard work; it’s also about having time to take a loved one to the doctor, attend a parentteacher conference and retire in dignity. The corporate special interests behind this case do not believe that working people should have the freedom to negotiate a fair return on their work. Who is behind this case? The National Right to Work Foundation is part of a network funded by corporate billionaires to use the courts to rig the rules against working people. For decades, these wealthy elites have used their massive fortunes to gain outsized influence to chip away at the progress unions have won for all working families. Now they want the highest court in the land to take away our freedom to come together to protect what our communities need: a living wage, retirement security, health benefits, the ability to care for loved ones and more. How do unions benefit our communities? People in unions continue to win rights, benefits and protections for all working people and their communities. When public service workers belong to strong unions, they fight for staffing levels, equipment and training that saves lives and improves the public services our communities rely upon. And when union membership is high, entire communities enjoy higher wages. 36 REASONS TOTHANK THE UNION MOVEMENT  1. Weekends 2. All breaks at work, including your lunch breaks 3. Paid vacation 4. FMLA (Family and Medical Leave Act) 5. Sick leave 6. Social security 7. Minimum wage 8. Civil Rights Act Title VII (prohibits Employer Discrimination) 9. 8Hour work day 10. Overtime pay 11. Child labor laws 12. Occupational Safety & Health Act (OSHA) 13. 40 Hour Work Week 14. Worker’s Compensation (Worker’s Camp) 15. Unemployment Insurance 16. Pensions 17. Workplace Safety Standards and Regulations 18. Employer Health Care Insurance 19. Collective Bargaining Rights for Employees 20. Wrongful Termination Laws 21. Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 22. Whistleblower Protection Laws 23. Employee Polygraph Protect Act (Prohibits Employer from using a lie detector test on an employee) 24. Veteran’s Employment and Training Services (VETS) 25. Compensation increases and Evaluations (Raises) 26. Sexual Harassment laws 27. Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) 28. Holiday Pay 29. Employer Dental, Life, and Vision Insurance 30. Privacy Rights 31. Pregnancy and Parental Leave 32. Military Leave 33. The Right to Strike 34. Public Education for Children 35. Equal Pay Acts of 1963 & 2011 36. (Requires employers pay men and women equally for the same amount of work) 37. Laws Ending Sweatshops in the United States Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. SHEILA JACKSON  LEEfor her comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the Congressman from the great State of New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), who is a strong fighter on behalf of unions. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, let me first thank Congressman SCOTT for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour and his continual dedication to making sure that working families are represented by his great leadership. Tonight, the JanusCouncil 31 case and the value of unions is what we are here to speak about. As we hold this Special Order hour, there are efforts across the country working to trample workers’ rights. The Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME, aims to take away the freedom and the opportunity for working people to join together and strong unions to speak up for them, their families, and their communities. b2100 Any effort that threatens to undermine public sector collective bargaining rights is an attack on working people and their ability to negotiate with a strong voice in their workplace. We must be unwavering in our support of workers’ rights. Over the decades, unions were vital in our communities, particularly for women and communities of color. AfricanAmerican women in unions earn an average of $21.90 an hour, while nonunion women earn $17.04 an hour. In addition, more than 72 percent of women in unions have health insurance, while less than 50 percent of nonunion AfricanAmerican women do. The important work that unions do every day is improving our economy and the lives of countless working families in this country. Mr. Speaker, I had much more to say, but in the interest of time, I will say I know how important it is to be represented. I, in my working career, have been in two labor unions myself, and I worked at a company and was fired. My uncle fired me. My father was the hearing officer against me, and my grandfather was the witness against me. Mr. Speaker, I know how important it is to be represented because the union got my job back. Thank you, Congressman SCOTT , for hosting tonight’s Special Order Hour on the Janus case, Council 31, and the Value of Unions. As we hold this special order hour, there are efforts across the country working to trample workers’ rights. The Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME, aims to take away the freedom and opportunity for working people to join together in strong unions to speak up for themselves, their families and their communities. Any effort that threatens to undermine public sectors collective bargaining rights is an attack on working people and their ability to negotiate with a strong voice in their workplace. We must be unwavering in our support of workers’ rights. Over the decades, unions were vital in our communities, particularly for women and communities of color. AfricanAmerican women in unions earn an average of $21.90 an hour while nonunion women earn $17.04. In addition, more than 72 percent of women in unions have health insurance, while less than 50 percent of nonunion AfricanAmerican women do. The important work that unions do every day is improving our economy and the lives of countless working families across this country. For example, in New Jersey, unions are helping train the next generation of health care professionals. To address New Jersey’s nursing shortage, the AFSCME Local 1199J developed a system for union members to develop and maintain the skills needed for career advancement in nursing. The union also supports programs like the Youth Transitions to Work Certified Nursing Apprenticeship, which helps prepare Newark area high school juniors and seniors as they start a career in nursing. As you can see, unions and strong union membership fill the gaps when others drop the ball. Janus is the culmination of decades of attacks on working people by corporations, the wealthiest one percent, and hostile politicians. This rightwing attack against the middle class must not stand. The forces behind this case are the same forces that have pushed for limiting voting rights, attacked immigrants, and undermined civil rights protections. In fact, this is the third instance where the Trump Solicitor General’s office is reversing that office’s position, seriously jeopardizing the Department of Justice’s reputation before the court and undermining the rule of law. It is undeniable that unions have played a critical role in building and protecting the middle class in America. Unions provide hard working people economic stability and give them the tools to build a good life, home, and education for themselves and their children. We must stand together to ensure that America has strong labor protections that work for everyone. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I really appreciate that. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), who is a leader on the Judiciary Committee and who knows full well how wrong it would be for the Supreme Court to reverse itself and take away a right that was given to labor unions just 41 years ago and then switch it back. That is not fair. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Georgia for yielding and for his tremendous leadership on this issue. Here in America, if you work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to provide a comfortable living for yourself and for your family; but for 
far too many American workers, that basic contract has been broken. Since the early 1970s, the productivity of the American worker has increased in excess of 285 percent; but during that same period of time, wages have increased by less than 10 percent. So the productivity gains of the American worker have not gone to the American worker; instead, they have gone to the privileged few, to millionaires and billionaires and to big corporations to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. That is the America that we are dealing with right now. Some may explain it as a result of globalization; some may say it is fully negotiated trade deals; some may say it is the outsourcing of goodpaying American jobs; some may say it is the rise of automation. Certainly, all of those factors are implicated, but the decline in unionization has been a significant, if not decisive, reason that so many people have been struggling to achieve the American Dream. And now the Supremes, in their wisdom, want to give us another raw deal, rightwing hit to benefit the wealthy and the welloff to the detriment of hardworking Americans. So let’s hope that Justice Kennedy does the right thing, that five Justices on the Supreme Court see themselves to not interfere and overturn settled law for the purpose of continuing a march to benefit the privileged few to the detriment of hardworking Americans. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. I thank the gentleman so much for his comments. It is with great pleasure that I yield to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER ), who also served as the former secretary of labor of Delaware, whom I have worked with on our Agriculture Committee. Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for the opportunity to speak at this Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, as the former secretary of labor and head of personnel for the State of Delaware, I am here this evening on the floor of the House to lend my voice in support of the thousands of men and women across the country who are dedicated public servants who currently belong to public sector labor unions; who teach our children, pave our roads, protect us, care for our seniors; who don’t receive huge salaries; who don’t work in palatial offices; and whose very right to organize and collectively bargain is under attack. At the end of February, the Supreme Court is set to hear a case, Janus v. AFSCME Council 31, which is simply another attempt to weaken the rights of public sector employees in the fight for better pay, paid sick leave, and the ability to one day retire with dignity. Mr. Speaker, the plaintiff in this case seeks to bar the ability for public sector unions from collecting fair share fees. Fair share fees are collected from public sector employees to help their unions negotiate for better wages, benefits, and protections. It is important to note that no union can be effective at negotiating with employers unless the employees who reap the benefits of these negotiations pay for the collective bargaining—even if they are not members of the union. The Supreme Court has already ensured that a union’s political activities and their collective bargaining activities are separate from their fair share dues. No public sector worker is being asked to contribute funds to causes to which they do not agree. It should be noted that unions go through painstaking detail to ensure that no funds are misused. When our first responders, teachers, and public sector workers come together and form strong unions, they win benefits, like better working conditions, better wages, healthcare, and retirement security, which also benefit nonunion members. As our economy shifts and the wealth gap grows, the protective power of unions must be strengthened, not weakened. Without the freedom to come together, working people would not have the power in numbers they need to make our communities and our country more prosperous. Mr. Speaker, it is my hope that the Justices will see the value, need, and success of public sector collective bargaining and that everyone must pay their fair share. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is very important to recognize that Ms. SHEILA JACKSON LEEis a senior member of the Judiciary Committee as well and has vowed to lead this fight in the committee, and we appreciate that. It gives me great pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from Orlando, Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ). And may I say, Mr. Speaker, that Mrs. DEMINGS is the former chief of police of Orlando. Who better to speak to the damage that this Supreme Court Janus decision could have on our police officers than the former chief of police. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT) for his leadership on this very critical issue. Mr. Speaker, America is a great nation, and tonight we continue to celebrate that fact. But we do know that great things don’t just happen on their own. If we take a serious look through the pages of history, we will see the blood, the sweat, and the tears of many people. Some of those people came on cruise ships, and some came on slave ships. But regardless of the foundation on which our journey in America began, many were there helping to build what we now know as a great nation. Mr. Speaker, the American worker is intertwined in the moral fabric of our great society. As America began to grow as an industrialized society, so did its workforce and the need to develop fair and equitable workplace standards. I joined the Orlando Police Department in 1984, and on my first day of orientation, I joined the union. I joined a great department, and I wanted to do my part to keep it a great department. I proudly joined the union, and I clearly understood—and it appeared at that time that those in management also understood—that the union was working hard to ensure that employees, both sworn and civilian, worked in a safe work environment, were paid fair wages, and were fairly compensated in the event of death on the job. I was an active member of the union, and when I moved to the management ranks, I met regularly with union leadership to ensure we continued to have a healthy work environment, fair wages, meaningful benefits, and safe working conditions. That has been and continues to be the work of American unions. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), a strong fighter for labor unions. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, his name was Victor, although he went by Vic. He was the oldest of six on their very hard scrabble farm in rural South Dakota. One day, he came home from school, when he was just in the eighth grade, and he was met at the porch by his father, who told him, in his broken English, that he would have to quit school to save the family farm, denying him the education that he wanted so very badly because, you see, it was the winter of 1930 and the Great Depression had arrived. He lived a life of deprivation before and after, kicking around from job to job just to survive, just to keep from starving. World War II came. He volunteered, and afterwards, he became a truck driver and a teamster. The woman he would marry, Jean, had a high school education, no college. She became a telephone operator and a member of Communications Workers of America. Together, they worked very hard and they raised four children. They owned their own home. They had a wooden boat in the garage. They took annual modest vacations. They had healthcare coverage, and they helped each of their children attend college who wanted to. Then they had a secure retirement, and they owed it all to the strength of their unions. Mr. Speaker, one of their four children stands before you today. Thank you, Teamsters. Thank you, Communications Workers of America. Thank you, unions across America. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments, and I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congressional Black Caucus for holding this important discussion. For the past 4 years, courts have held that public sector unions can charge a 
small fee to workers that benefit from the collective bargaining agreements that unions negotiate and enforce. Reversing that precedent is not an honest shift in legal interpretation. It is a political attack against American workers and the organizations that represent them, and it has been years in the making. For decades, a relentless, coordinated campaign supported by large corporate interests, advanced by political partisans, and funded by the Koch brothers has tried to rebrand union membership as a burden on American workers. Their campaign is as cynical as it is misleading. For nearly a year, the United States Senate refused to give the highly respected Judge Merrick Garland even one hearing, then overruled at least 100 years of Senate tradition to steal a seat on the Supreme Court. That seat is now the difference between a Court that upholds the rights of public sector unions and one that undermines their existence. Today, President Trump, the real estate billionaire who promised to be a voice for American workers, has pursued the most aggressive antiworker agenda in recent memory. Thank you to my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus for holding this important discussion. This evening I am speaking—not just as a strong supporter of public sector unions—but as a former union member myself. Throughout my 24 years in the classroom, I was a proud, duespaying member of the California Teachers Association. And here’s why: Union membership means higher pay, better training, and safer working conditions. It means access to paid sick leave if you or a loved one gets sick. It means medical benefits, life insurance, and retirement security for families in communities across the country. It means a compassionate, humane workplace. And it means greater opportunities and a better future for the children of union workers. At a time when income inequality is high. middleclass wages are stagnant, and workers’ benefits are rapidly disappearing, collective bargaining is the last remaining source of leverage for American workers. And now the conservatives on the Supreme Court are preparing to strip that leverage away. For the past 40 years, Courts have held that public sector unions can charge a small fee to workers that benefit from the collective bargaining agreements that unions negotiate and enforce. Reversing that precedent is not an honest shift in legal interpretation. It is a political attack against American workers and the organizations that represent them . . . and it has been years in the making. For decades, a relentless, coordinated campaign, supported by large corporate interests, advanced by political partisans, and funded by the Koch Brothers, has tried to rebrand union membership as a burden on American workers. Their campaign is as cynical as it is misleading. For nearly a year, the United States Senate refused to give the highly respected Judge Merrick Garland even one hearing, and then overruled at least 100 years of Senate tradition to steal a seat on the Supreme Court. That seat is now the difference between a Court that upholds the rights of public sector unions and one that undermines their existence. And today, President Trump—the real estate billionaire who promised to be a voice for American workers has pursued the most aggressive antiworker agenda in recent memory. In the White House, in Congress, and now in the Supreme Court, American workers are being deprived of the protections that built the middle class. And instead of accepting blame for exacerbating the challenges facing working families, Republicans are pointing the finger at immigrants and refugees in an attempt to divide and distract our nation from the true source of inequality. The decision in Janus v. AFSCME must be the beginning of a new effort, supported by all my colleagues here this evening, to restore the respect and benefits that American workers deserve. b2115 Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Mr. SCOTT and the Congressional Black Caucus for this Special Order. The Janus case is critically important to public employees, but, more importantly, to all the people who rely on public services that they provide. This is an Illinois case—it is my State—Janus v. AFSCME Council 31, a relentless fighter for American workers. Before becoming Governor, Bruce Rauner was chairman of a private equity firm where he put profits ahead of working families. As Governor, he was the one who filed this suit. We need to make sure that we protect workers all over this country. We need to win this case before the Supreme Court. Justice calls for winning for union members. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Mr. PERLMUTTER may have 4 minutes as our final speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ). The Chair cannot entertain the gentleman’s request. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I had so many Members that I couldn’t get them all in. But I appreciate it, and I hope that I have shared with the American people tonight this case and the threat it holds for our very valuable unions. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pledge my wholehearted support for the right of workers to organize and to decry the efforts of powerful corporate interests to outlaw public sector union fair share fees in the Janus v. AFSCME case currently before the Supreme Court. Today, despite being more productive than ever, American workers are working longer hours for less money and fewer benefits. It is no accident that working people are struggling. Corporate CEOs continue to use their wealth to influence politicians to rig the economic rules to benefit the wealthy and powerful at the expense of everyone else. Now, those same corporate CEOs and special interests are behind a Supreme Court case called Janus v. AFSCME—a case that threatens to make things even worse for working people. This case aims to take away the opportunity for working people to join together in strong unions to speak up for themselves, their families, and their communities. When teachers, nurses, police officers, firefighters, and other public service workers are free to build strong unions, they win benefits like better working conditions, better wages, health care, clean and safe environments, and retirement security that benefit not just union members, but all workers. Given that all workers benefit, it has been standard practice that all workers contribute their fair share of the cost of organizing—a practice upheld unanimously by the Supreme Court in 1977. But the CEOs and corporate special interests behind the Janus case have abandoned the conservative principle of respect for precedent. They are instead driven by a misguided belief that working people should be denied the same ability as they have to effectively negotiate a fair return on their work so that they can provide for themselves and their families. The Janus case is a blatantly political and wellfunded plot to use the highest court in the land to further rig the economic rules against everyday working people. But what these corporate bigwigs fail to recognize is that unions are now more important than ever. Unions work because we all pay our fair share and we all benefit from what we negotiate together. The forces behind this case know that by joining together in strong unions, working people are able to win the power and voice they need to level the economic and political playing field. That is why I will continue to stand with American workers and their unions to ensure that they are protected, and that they are able to pursue their own version of the American dream. Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and ask that we act now to preserve and defend labor unions. Unions have played a critical role in building and protecting the middle class in America. They provide hard working people economic stability for their families and give them the tools to build a good life, home and education for themselves and their children. As early as this week, the Supreme Court could take up Janus v. AFSCME which aims to take away the ability of working people to join together in strong unions. Janus v. AFSCME would gut the entire public sector ‘‘righttowork’’ in one fell swoop. Janus is the culmination of decades of attacks on working people by corporate CEOs, the wealthiest 1%. The forces behind this case are the same forces that have pushed for limiting voting rights, attacked immigrants, and undermined civil rights protections. When working people have the freedom and opportunity to speak up together through 
unions, we make progress together that benefits everyone. If the billionaires and corporate CEOs behind this case get their way, however, they will take away the freedom of working people to come together and build power to fight for the things our communities need: everything from affordable health care and retirement security to quicker medical emergency response times. With Janus, CEOs and billionaires want to use the highest court in the land to take away our freedom to create the power in numbers to win better lives for ourselves, our families, our communities and our country. Labor unions date back to the 18th century. They were established to help workers with work related issues such as low pay, unsafe working conditions, and long hours to have a body of individuals to speak on their behalf. Labor unions are a brilliant balance of power between employees and employers. They have gained the power to negotiate peacefully for adequate treatment and respect as the economic backbone of this country. Some of the accomplishments include increasing wages, raising the standard of living for the working class, ensuring safe and sanitary working conditions, and increased benefits for both workers and their families. The group mentality of unions provides the comfort of inclusion and recognition that employees seek in the workplace. When an employee sees his or her needs are important and being met, then the quality of his or her work life increases tremendously. As the working class continues to push the economy forward, unions are becoming more and more necessary. Unions are the spokespersons for the overworked—and sometimes the underappreciated. Unions assure that every employee has a seat at the table. Some business employers may argue that unionized workers create an atmosphere that lessens the sense of partnership and trust with their supervisors. No one is forced to join a union. Membership is purely optional. We must preserve the right of employees to join together to negotiate for better pay and working conditions. Strong unions also advocate for equal opportunity for women and communities of color who have been discriminated against. Union jobs have historically been and continue to be a path to the middle class for people of color, who often face low wages in their professions. AfricanAmerican union members today earn 14.7 percent more—and Latino union workers 21.8 percent more—than their nonunion counterparts. As representatives of these great states, we owe it to our middle class to not silence their voice. They deserve their fair share of the economic prosperity that they have helped to create. Unions are and always will be an important factor in making the economy work for all Americans. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, in the years following the Great Recession (2009–2012), 91 percent of all new wealth created accrued to the top one percent of earners. From 1980 through 2014, incomes for the wealthiest one percent of Americans rose by 204 percent while incomes for the bottom 50 percent rose by just 1 percent. During that period, the size and productivity of the U.S. economy have essentially doubled. President Trump likes to tout a booming stock market, but the wealthiest 20 percent of Americans own 92% of the stocks. The other 80 percent, four out of five Americans, own just 8 percent of that wealth and are being largely left behind. And things are about to get much worse, because the Trump tax scam does exactly the same thing that has failed us for decades: trickledown economics. It failed under Reagan, it failed again under Bush. Every time Republicans ram it through, it adds billions, in Trump’s case trillions of dollars to our debt, and the wealthy walk away with the benefits. The rich get richer and the rest of us just have to work harder for less. Meanwhile just in the past six weeks, Sam’s Club laid off some 11,000 employees. Carrier cut another 1,500. AT&T laid off some 4,000. Kimberly Clark, the company that makes Kleenex and Huggies, just announced that it would use Trump’s tax scam as an opportunity to lay off 5,000 or more workers and close 10 manufacturing facilities. Janus v. AFSCME is an effort by the wealthy and powerful to further insulate their economic power and ability to restrict access to wealth for the rest of us. Strong unions are key to unrigging this economy, improving local communities and the lives of union and nonunion families alike. Unions are associated with greater productivity, lower employee turnover, improved workplace communication, and a bettertrained workforce. Data shows that unions and unionization lead to increased economic growth and competitiveness. According to the BLS, among fulltime and salary workers, in 2017 union members had average weekly earnings of $1,041, nonunion members had median weekly earnings of $829. When union membership is high, entire communities enjoy wages that represent a fair return for their work and greater social and economic stability and mobility. And unions advocate for policies that benefit all working people, e.g. minimum wage, affordable health care, and quality public schools. Unions provide a path to the middle class for working people by increasing their income and the economic security of their families. As union membership has decreased because of attacks on working people, income inequality has risen in the U.S. Source. Through collective bargaining, members of strong unions are scoring victories that help entire communities—like safer nursestaffing levels that help patients and smaller classroom sizes that help students. AFSCME Region President, Ron Briggs, suggested you may recognize the following members because they have worked diligently to sign agency fee payers in their locals/units and are active in fighting back against the Janus case, righttowork and the procorporate agenda: Lorraine Aumic from Local 688 Office of Temporary & Disability Assistance. She lives in Schenectady. Bryan Schaeffer from Local 886 Schenectady School Districts, Municipalities, and Towns. He lives in Delanson. Michele Kuiber from Local 671 Workers Compensation Board. She lives in Amsterdam. Jodi Aubin from Local 655 Environmental Conservation. She lives in Clifton Park. Janus v. AFSCME is the product of a political scheme to further tilt economic power away from working people and the middle class. It strikes at the freedom of working people to come together in strong unions. Unions are critical to America’s middle class, providing economic stability, a good life, home and education for workers and their families. CEOs and corporate special interests behind this case oppose letting workers negotiate a fair wage for their work. The case was brought to manipulate the Supreme Court to satisfy blatantly political goals. In a 10page State Policy Network (SPN) fundraising letter reported on in The Guardian, SPN President and CEO Tracie Sharp wrote that the goal of their Kochbacked network’s $80 million campaign was to ‘‘defund and defang’’ unions. The original plaintiff in this case was Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner, who launched a political attack on public employees after taking office. A U.S. District Court judge ruled in 2015 that Rauner had ‘‘no standing’’ to bring suit, so the legal arms of the National Right to Work Committee and the Liberty Justice Center went looking for plaintiffs to serve as standins for Rauner in the federal lawsuit. The Supreme Court case Janus v. AFSCME, Council 31 aims to take away the freedom of—and opportunity for—working people to join together in strong unions to speak up for themselves, their families and their communities. When teachers, nurses, police officers, firefighters and other public service workers are free to come together in strong unions, they win benefits like better working conditions, better wages, health care, clean and safe environments and retirement security that benefit nonunion members as well. But the CEOs and corporate special interests behind this case simply do not believe that working people should have the same freedoms and opportunities as they do: to negotiate a fair return on our work so that we can provide for ourselves and our families. They are funding this case through the National Right to Work Foundation, because they view strong unions as a threat to their power and greed. When working people have the freedom and opportunity to speak up together through unions, we make progress together that benefits everyone. If the billionaires and corporate CEOs behind this case get their way, however, they will take away the freedom of working people to come together and build power to fight for the things our communities need: everything from affordable health care and retirement security to quicker medical emergency response times. The CEOs and billionaires want to use the highest court in the land to take away our freedom to create the power in numbers to win better lives for ourselves, our families, our communities and our country. People in unions continue to win rights, benefits and protections not only for union members, but for all working people and their communities in and outside of the workplace. When nurses, firefighters, 911 dispatchers and EMS workers belong to strong unions, they fight for staffing levels, equipment and training that save lives. And when union membership is high, entire communities enjoy wages that represent a fair return on their work and greater social and economic mobility. Without the freedom to come together, working people 
would not have the power in numbers they need to make our communities safer, stronger and more prosperous. The National Right to Work Foundation is part of a network funded by corporate billionaires to use the courts to rig the rules against everyday working people. For decades, the corporate CEOs and billionaires funding this case have used their massive fortunes to pay politicians and corporate lobbyists to chip away at the freedoms people in unions have won for every single one of us. Now they want the highest court in the land to take away our freedom to come together to protect things our families need: a living wage, retirement security, health benefits, the ability to care for loved ones and more. This case originated from a political scheme by billionaire Bruce Rauner, governor of Illinois, to advance an agenda benefiting corporations and the wealthy. Rauner launched a political attack on public service workers immediately after taking office, filing a lawsuit on his own behalf to bar the collection of fair share fees by public service unions. A federal judge ruled that Rauner could not bring this action because he was not himself an employee paying fair share fees. But the legal arms of the National Right to Work Committee and the Liberty Justice Center were able to carry the case forward by finding plaintiffs as standins for Rauner in the federal lawsuit. The district court dismissed the case, based on longstanding precedent. The plaintiffs asked the lower court to fasttrack their appeal and rule against them in order to more quickly get the case before the U.S. Supreme Court. Unions work because we all pay our fair share and we all benefit from what we negotiate together. Fair share fees provide public service workers with the power in numbers they need to negotiate better wages, benefits and protections that improve work conditions and set standards for everyone. Each individual public service worker chooses whether or not to join a union, but the union is still required by law to represent and negotiate on behalf of all public service workers—members and nonmembers alike. The corporate special interests behind this case want to take away the freedom of public service workers to have the power in numbers to provide for their families and make their communities stronger. That is why they want the Supreme Court to rule that workers can receive all the benefits of a union contract without contributing anything in return. Look at it this way: If you go out to dinner with a group of friends, you still pay your fair share of the check even if you didn’t get to choose the restaurant. No one is forced to join a union and no one is forced to pay any fees that go to politics or political candidates. That is already the law of the land. Nothing in this case will change that. This case is about taking away the freedom of working people to come together, speak up for each other and build a better life for themselves and their families. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, today I join my colleagues in calling attention to an attack on one of our most basic fundamental rights as American citizens—the right to organize in our workplace. The impending Supreme Court case, Janus v. AFSCME, is nothing more than a continued attack by corporate CEOs on American workers’ right to unite and advocate for fair labor standards. This critical right offers working people the opportunity to get ahead through bargaining with their employers for better wages, benefits, and working conditions. Wherever you work, if you appreciate a 40 hour work week, sick leave and vacation days, guaranteed safe working conditions, then you have unions to thank. And the outcome of this Supreme Court case will impact you. It was not a benevolent employer who brought fair labor standards to the American workforce; it was American workers. And an attack on the ability to organize in the workplace is an attack on all of them. Since the inception of labor unions, American workers—both unionized and nonunionized—have enjoyed substantial gains in wages, safety, and stability. In fact, throughout the 20th Century, the growth of unions gave rise to the creation of the great American middleclass, who has contributed immensely to our great nation. Over the years, however, a change in global economy, unfair trade agreements, and a deliberate effort to weaken unions have made life much harder for the middle class. In fact, for far too many middle class families, the American dream has sadly now become nothing more than a memory of time passed. This decimation of the middle class coincides with the Majority’s relentless attacks on labor unions. The Majority has pushed rightto work legislation, tried to weaken enforcement of workers’ collective rights, and has even tried to repeal prevailing wage laws. They are working handinglove with the Trump administration, which supports a national righttowork bill. We are seeing many dangerous attacks on the state level, too. I continue to fight against these attacks on our workers. All the while, I will also keep fighting to overhaul NAFTA, which has caused my district to lose half of its manufacturing jobs. In holding our trading partners to a higher standard, it is critical that we practice what we preach. That means promoting strong labor standards here at home and protecting American workers against unyielding efforts to weaken their right to organize. Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, Janus v. AFSCME comes down to a binary choice: will the U.S. stand up for the fundamental right of workers to form a union and collectively bargain; or will the Supreme Court allow large corporations to continue their assault on hard working Americans. Unions are a vital part of our nation. Decades ago, Congress protected the right of workers to join together and bargain for better wages, regular work hours and improved safety conditions, giving workers a voice when negotiating with large corporations. Despite their role in creating and maintaining America’s working middle class, unions are under relentless attack. It is no coincidence that a dramatic rise in income inequality coincides with a nationwide campaign against unionization. American workers have become more productive, yet wages have stagnated. Their hard work has created billions of dollars in profits, all while working longer hours for less pay and fewer benefits. Endless attacks have been launched against workers’ overtime pay, retirement savings, and health care. The tax code was just tilted even more toward the wealthiest individuals and corporations. Corporate profits were at alltime highs before the tax cut. Unions ensure workers can fight for their fair share of the profits they help create. On average, unionized workers earn $207 more per week than nonunionized workers. Unionized workers have greater access to paid holidays, paid sick leave, life insurance, medical, and retirement benefits. Unionized workforces lead to less turnover for employers and more highly skilled workers. Children of union members are more likely to climb the ladder to the middle class. States with higher union density have better workplace laws. The foundation of U.S. labor law has held firm for nearly 70 years. American standards are what we strive to hold other countries to when negotiating trade deals, yet these standards are constantly under attack. The Supreme Court will soon hear oral arguments in Janus v. AFSCME, a case that could fundamentally end collective bargaining. The question of ‘‘fair share’’ was settled by the Supreme Court years ago. Unions are required by law to represent and negotiate on behalf of all public sector employees, regardless of whether or not a worker decides to formally join the union. Fair share fees support that requirement and ensure no worker is required to join the union and no one is forced to pay any fees that go toward politics or candidates they disagree agree with. But all employees benefit from union negotiations. It is only fair that all employees contribute. This is already the law. Janus is just another in a long line of attacks on unions and workers. Since Republicans took control of the House in 2011, they have convened more than 30 hearings and markups to undermine workers’ rights in the Education and the Workforce Committee alone. Rather than attacking workers’ rights, we should focus on raising wages and improving working conditions for all Americans. We should work to ensure paid family, sick and medical leave, improve access to child care, and ensure access to quality, affordable health care for all Americans. It’s time for my colleagues to turn their words into actions. It’s time to support unions and the American worker. The real middle class. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, labor unions have played a crucial role in the formation of United States. Since 1869, unions have provided a platform for workers to collectively bargain for better wages, better hours, and safer working conditions. Every single worker living in the United States today has benefitted in some way from the role of unions, helping to shape our nation into the country that we all know and admire. Today, unions play a more important role than ever before in recent history, particularly for the most vulnerable segments of our population, such as women and communities of color. When unions are strong, communities are stronger. Yet now, as union membership declines, so have opportunities for working and middle class families. In 2016, there were 14.6 million unionized members in the United States, down from 17.7 million in 1983. Union membership in the private sector has fallen to below seven percent. Wages have also remained stagnant since the 1970s, while people continue to work longer hours and often 
times multiple jobs just to make ends meet. These consequences can be traced back to deliberate attacks against workers’ rights and their ability to organize. The Supreme Court case in Janus v. AFSCME, Council 31, is a clear manifestation of these attacks on collective bargaining rights. The U.S. Supreme Court will hear oral arguments on this case on February 26, 2018, which will question the future of ‘‘fair share fees’’—or fees requiring nonunion members to help cover the costs of a union’s collective bargaining activities—in the context of our First Amendment rights. The Supreme Court has the potential to upend more than 40 years of unanimous precedent supporting a states’ ability to determine its own labor policy. It is truly another important milestone in our nation’s history which will define who we are for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, as wages remain stagnant and more workers fail to find gainful employment, we need to question the direction in which our country is headed. Do we want all bargaining power to be concentrated in the hands of only the wealthiest corporations? Or do we believe that American workers should retain reasonable means to organize when wages, benefits, and working conditions decline? I believe in the latter. I believe in the American people. This Congress must do more to protect the collective bargaining rights of working families, not only because it is the right thing to do but because our nation is stronger when we do so. 
DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE FBI STEPS DOWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 22 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. GOHMERT , my classmate, for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow night the President will come before this Chamber to address Americans and the wider world. While some in this Chamber and those watching at home will disagree with the President’s vision, I hope that we may all agree to pay attention to the facts. The fact remains that our economy is booming. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, middle class Americans are receiving bonuses and are empowered to keep more of their paychecks. Energy companies are slashing their rates so that taxpayers are spending less on energy. Families are now able to keep more of their hardearned money to spend any way they wish. The Dow Jones has soared into new heights under this administration. These facts will surely be addressed by the President, even if they are conveniently ignored by some in this Chamber and members of the news media. I look forward to attending the State of the Union and encourage all those tuning in to remember the facts. Mr. GOHMERT. My friend, former President FOXX, collegiate president and great Member of the House, made some great points. I look forward to hearing the President’s State of the Union Address tomorrow as well. Mr. Speaker, there has been a great deal going on here lately in Washington, and something that has been a real threat to what I believe is the greatest law enforcement institution in the history of mankind, the Federal Bureau of Investigation. As former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich has pointed out a number of times, had candidate Hillary Clinton won the Presidency in November of 2016, we would have no idea how badly or how significantly the Department of Justice and the FBI had been weaponized politically. I just thank God we had the opportunity to find out before it was too late and to do something about it. Today’s news has been that, as The Wall Street Journal article by Aruna Viswanatha and Del Quentin Wilber today reported: FBI deputy chief steps down after Trump criticism. The article points out: ‘‘Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe left his post on Monday after his bosses urged him to step aside, said people familiar with the matter, following weeks of criticism from President Donald Trump and other Republicans.’’ I guess I would be one of those other Republicans. ‘‘Mr. McCabe will take leftover vacation time until he is technically eligible to retire from the Federal Bureau of Investigation in March, the people said. ‘‘Mr. McCabe has faced a steady string of attacks over an alleged conflict of interest stemming from his wife’s previous run for Virginia State Senate as a Democrat before he became deputy director. He has denied any conflict. ‘‘But Mr. Trump and other Republicans have cited it as part of a broader assertion of bias on the part of the FBI, Justice Department, and special counsel’s office as they investigate Russian meddling in the 2016 campaign and any links between the Trump campaign and Moscow in that effort. Mr. Trump has specifically called for Mr. McCabe’s ouster. ‘‘Democrats say these assertions are an attempt to distract from the investigations and discredit them. ‘‘FBI Director Chris Wray, addressing Mr. McCabe’s departure in an email to employees, said Mr. Wray ‘will not be swayed by political or other pressure’ in making decisions, according to a person familiar with the message.’’ That is quite interesting coming this long after evidence was slapping people in the face, figuratively speaking. It appears that evidence that is overly compelling also may not actually sway Chris Wray into taking actions as the Director of the FBI that a reasonable and prudent Director of the FBI would have taken under the same or similar circumstances. ‘‘Mr. Wray thanked Mr. McCabe for his service, adding’’—I guess that includes the politicalization, the weaponizing, of the FBI in which Mr. McCabe was involved—‘‘that Mr. McCabe said he would take leave immediately following a conversation between the two, the person said. The email was first reported by The New York Times. ‘‘In the message, Mr. Wray also said he wouldn’t comment on a pending report from the Justice Department’s inspector general, or inhouse watchdog, which is expected to criticize the FBI’s handling of an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email arrangement when she was Secretary of State. The report is expected to prompt some personnel changes.’’ You think? ‘‘Mr. McCabe’s decision Monday was a surprise to many inside the FBI’’— apparently those who had gotten used to it being weaponized and politicized. ‘‘Officials abruptly canceled a press conference to discuss an unrelated criminal operation. . . .’’ It goes on to say: ‘‘The U.S. intelligence community, in January 2017, said it believed Russia had conducted an influence operation with the goal of hurting Mrs. Clinton and helping Mr. Trump in the 2016 Presidential election.’’ Gee, okay, so this article is citing the U.S. intelligence community. I guess that would include the part of the intelligence community that made the decision in 2012, along with the State Department—that would be Secretary of State Hillary Clinton—to leave the Ambassador to Libya exposed to grave danger, and even after seeing footage of attacks, the same intelligence community that decided they were better off leaving people to die and ordering four heroes to stand down and not go protect the Ambassador and others from dying, that same intelligence community. How about that? They, apparently, according to the article, said they believed Russia conducted an influence operation. It turns out the same intelligence community that couldn’t stand George W. Bush and leaked plenty of information to hurt his Presidency, and also has done a great job of leaking material to hurt President Trump’s administration, if this article is correct, they helped the weaponized Department of Justice launch an investigation into potential Russian influence. It is just so amazing, when we start finding out facts that there was a dossier that Fusion GPS was involved in getting, strictly an opposition research effort that ended up having totally fabricated, really outrageously outlandish allegations, and according to the news media, what was in that dossier was so outrageous, if you were a Russian, you would think, these stupid Americans will have to be out of their minds to think that Donald Trump would have done something like this. But maybe— maybe—the now weaponized Department of Justice in America and the Obama administration when coupled 
with the Clinton campaign, maybe they are crazy enough to think Donald Trump would do something like this. It is going to end up making them look bad in the end, and that would certainly affect the election if the campaign were crazy enough to utilize such a totally fabricated dossier, I guess that would affect the election. I still have trouble getting over the decision to tell American heroes to stand down, don’t go try to save the lives of our Ambassador and the others there with the Ambassador. Tyrone Woods, Ty, was not going to have any of it. He and the other heroes headed out there to help as they could, including willingness to lay down their lives to protect other Americans, something the CIA station chief, in collaboration with other ‘‘U.S. intelligence community,’’ apparently decided was not worthwhile. This article goes on to say: ‘‘Mr. McCabe’s abrupt departure is the latest event in a highly unusual backand forth between the Trump administration and a Federal law enforcement establishment that is both investigating him as it works for him and cherishes its independence.’’ We know that is not true. They don’t cherish their independence. Oh, yeah, the FBI, in other levels, absolutely does. But then, at the same time, they also cherish their good working relationship with other local and State law enforcement. This article further down said: ‘‘Mr. McCabe’s resignation also comes as the FBI faces fallout from thousands of text messages between an FBI agent and lawyer who were involved in the Russia investigation, including some texts harshly critical of Mr. Trump.’’ How about that? The lawyer working for Mr. McCabe. Apparently, Mr. McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits as the President himself tweeted out. I can’t help but still go back to the former Director of the FBI, Mr. Mueller, who set up a personnel program that would ensure that the thousands and thousands of years of incredible law enforcement experience that was obtained by honorable, honest FBI supervisors—that they would be run off by Mr. Mueller. He didn’t want those people hanging around. b2130 He put a personal policy in place that ran off thousands of years of incredible law enforcement experience from the FBI. I can’t help but think that if Mr. Mueller had not had such a policy to get rid of people that had great experience in law enforcement from the FBI, there would have been people who could have gently nudged people like Andrew McCabe or Mr. Strzok or Lisa Page and would have warned them when they were getting close to the edge before they got into such total politicization of our important FBI and DOJ. But those people weren’t there because Director Mueller put in place a policy that ran them off. I still wonder about the victims at the Boston Marathon bombing. Had we had an FBI Director that was as interested in seeking out radical Islamist killers as he was in having community outreach with the mosque that was started by a man who is now doing 23 years in Federal prison for supporting terrorism, if he had not been so interested in playing pattycake out with his community partnership and instead gone to the mosque and been asking specific questions about the older Tsarnaev brother after we got two notices that he had been radicalized— they never asked a question, not one, about Tsarnaev; about what he has been concentrating on, what he is reading, what he is memorizing, what he is talking about, what books he has got. They didn’t know what questions to ask because Director Mueller had seen to the purging of the FBI training materials so the FBI agents didn’t know what questions to ask. They didn’t know what they were looking for in a radicalized Islamist. The same scenario has played out time and again. Tsarnaev should have never been able to carry out that bombing, because he came into the crosshairs of the FBI investigation. Basically, from all we can find out from the hearings, they asked him if he was a terrorist. He said he wasn’t. They asked his mom if he was a terrorist. She said: He is a good boy. That is an encapsulation of it. But they didn’t know what to ask because of Mueller. Michele Bachmann and I reviewed material that was purged. The FBI classified it so we couldn’t reveal, Mr. Speaker, to others publicly what was purged. Some of it was silly and needed to be purged. Say, for example, there were a purging of verses from the Koran. Why should anything ever be purged from the Koran if it is part of the training materials? You have to ask Mr. Mueller that. The FBI and the DOJ deserve better. We are looking forward to finding out what the IG report has to say, but it is time for games to stop. It is time for law enforcement to do their jobs at the Department of Justice and the FBI. Jeff Sessions has got his hands full. It was obvious that he felt like he could trust those who were called career DOJ employees. Hopefully he has learned some of those career employees didn’t have the law enforcement long in the tooth to give them the benefit of their experience because Mueller ran them off. They got off into an area of politicization of the DOJ and the FBI. He can’t trust the people he would have been able to otherwise, had the FBI not gotten so far off track. We need a second special counsel, as I advised the President back in June, and we need it now. Investigations cannot be conducted by Mueller into what Mueller did during the prior Russian investigation, along with U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, and could not properly investigate his joinedatthe hip friend, Mr. Comey. He could not properly investigate what will be in the inspector general’s report, but it certainly should require further investigation. He can’t do that. It needs to be totally independent. I am not talking about the godfather of one of Mr. Comey’s kids, Patrick Fitzgerald, who conveniently got appointed after he talked John Ashcroft into recusing himself. I am talking about somebody totally independent. That is what we need. Where does the DOJ go to get its reputation back? It is going to be a long process and it is going to take truly independent people cleaning up the mess that has been created so that can happen. We need a reputable Department of Justice and FBI, and it is high time we got one back. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) for 22 minutes. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I am joined today by JARED HUFFMAN  from California. And eventually, I think, BRENDAN BOYLE from Philadelphia, the home of the new NFC champions, is also going to join us. What we are going to talk about is: What are the Republicans afraid of? What is it they are hiding? What is it they think is going on with respect to this investigation of the President and his ties to Russia? It starts from the very beginning. This time last year, we asked the President: Are you going to turn over your tax returns so that people can see what is in your tax returns; whether you have relations with the Russians, or who knows who? Every President for the last 40 or 50 years has turned over their tax returns. But, of course, the President did not turn over his tax returns and has refused to turn over his tax returns. The first thing you ask is: What is in there? What are you hiding? Now, what we see is a concerted effort by the Republicans in the Congress and in the White House to smear and disparage hardworking law enforcement officers in the FBI, in the intelligence community, and the Department of Justice, who have been tasked with trying to figure out whether or not Russia involved itself criminally in our elections last year and whether or not there is any implication of the Trump campaign with respect to those particular efforts by the Russians. We need to make sure that Russia does not hack into our elections, does not participate in a way that favors one party over another or one candidate over another. 
These investigations started and the first thing the President did was fire Jim Comey from the FBI. Through a process, the Justice Department then appoints a special prosecutor, a special counsel, to continue this investigation. Since that has occurred, there have been a couple of indictments and a couple of plea agreements. Michael Flynn, who was the intelligence head for the President, has faced part of this investigation. There was Paul Manafort and Richard Gates, who were involved in the campaign, and then George Papadopoulos. But that is just the tip of the iceberg. All these people, both on the Trump campaign side and all of these Russians, have played some kind of a role, and this investigation must be pursued. My friends on the Republican side of the aisle can complain, can stomp their feet, can throw mud at the individuals who are asked to do these investigations, but these investigations must continue so that the people understand exactly what happened and to make sure that the Russians are not allowed to participate and infiltrate and affect our elections once again. There are just a couple of questions: What are you afraid of? What are you hiding? Is there a coverup of some kind here? The bottom line is: just let our law enforcement individuals do their detective work, do what they were asked to do, and leave them alone and let it be done. If it exculpates and proved that nothing happened, then great. But if there is some wrongdoing here, America needs to know about it. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from northern California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for organizing this Special Order hour conversation. You asked the right question: What are they hiding and what are they afraid of? It is a bit of a rhetorical question, because when you think about that chart you have displayed there, when you think about the indictments and the plea deals and all of the other information that we are beginning to glean, it is pretty obvious what they are afraid of and what they are hiding. This investigation is getting pretty darn close to the personal and political and financial ties between this Presidency and those around him and Russia, and it is a lot of information that they don’t want the world to know about. That is why we are seeing all of these distractions, all of these elaborate and increasingly desperate attempts to change the subject and create diversions. Frankly, today, I am very worried that—not so much that this is coming from our President, because we have seen him throughout his career engage in character assassination, burning down the house tactics, and all manner of ruthlessness, but I am disturbed that many of our colleagues in this body have taken up those same tactics and that same cause. That is dangerous. One of the great things about this country, I believe, is that it is about the rule of law. Our Founders actively debated this question about whether we would be a country of laws and institutions or a country of men. Would we have some people above the law or would we all be subject to the law? They answered it loud and clear. We were going to be a country of law and institutions. At every critical test in our history, we have reaffirmed that essential great aspect of what it is to be the United States of America. That is what Watergate was all about, as we are beginning to remember. Yet, today, it seems that that proposition is being retested all over again. To my dismay, some of our colleagues are hoping for a different answer as we retest that proposition this time. That is very troubling. I am not in the habit of quoting FOX News very often, and certainly not their news hosts, but one of their hosts, Shepard Smith, said something that really struck a cord in the last few days. Here is what he said about the so called Nunes memo: ‘‘A memo can be a weapon of partisan mass distraction.’’ That is exactly what this is: a desperate attempt to protect President Trump from investigation and accountability. I think we need to recap a few facts that brought us to this point. Back in November 2016, when the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee was appointed to President elect Trump’s transition team, he, like our President, started sowing doubts about whether Russia had interfered with the 2016 election, incorrectly claiming that there was some kind of disagreement between our intelligence agencies on the subject. In fact, there was no disagreement. All of the American intelligence community agreed that, as they had looked into this, they determined that Russian operatives had worked to undermine the integrity of our election. That conclusion has been reinforced and reaffirmed by everything we have learned since then. The chairman told Politico shortly before President Trump’s inauguration that the House should not investigate contacts between Russia and the Trump camp, even though his Senate intelligence counterparts had already committed to following the facts wherever they may lead. So he had already made up his mind. b2145 The chairman described the Trump Russia connections as a dead trail. He said there is nothing there. And, of course, we know President Trump has said he has nothing to do with Russia, totally contradicted by everything we have learned since. All of this, of course, is going to come as a surprise if there is nothing there to the President’s campaign chair, who is under indictment; to members of his family, who have been hauled before the special prosecutor to answer to secret meetings and other dealings that they have had with Russia; and to others in this administration who had repeated contacts with Russia. And, of course, no one can forget the intelligence chairman’s trip to the White House last year, where he staged an impromptu news conference, claiming that he had briefed the White House about a source who could explain how Trump campaign officials were caught up in foreign intelligence intercepts. His unnamed sources that he rushed to brief the White House about, well, it turned out they were White House officials. This was a completely choreographed stunt. They had planted the misleading information with the chairman in the first place, obviously desperate to give some cover to the President who had tweeted out about wiretapping, conspiracies, and on it goes. Mr. Speaker, my colleague, EDPERLMUTTER , is asking all of the right questions. This investigation is beginning to answer those questions in very, very important ways. We need to make sure that it runs its course. It is important to finding out the truth. The American people deserve to know the truth. It is also important to reaffirming that incredibly important aspect of what makes this country great, and that is that we are a nation of laws and institutions. We have to reaffirm that, unfortunately, over and over again from time to time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California for his comments. He was talking about a memo. One of the former chairmen of the House Intelligence Committee, a guy named MIKEROGERS , was also a panelist, I think, on a CNN program. Apparently, this memo is going to be released today against all sorts of norms with respect to the Intelligence Committee and classified information. His words were, releasing a memo like this is farcical. It is a mistake. It starts to undermine so many things with respect to our intelligence community, the trust that we have with our allies, and all of it to kind of put up this smoke screen. They go after the law enforcement agents, who are the detectives on the beat. Now they are releasing information that is incomplete and, in MIKE ROGERS ’s words, ‘‘farcical,’’ to try to distract, divert, avoid the real conversation, which is: What did the Russians do? How did they play in the elections? Was there any kind of cooperation, collusion, whatever it might be, with the Trump campaign? We know that Bob Mueller was appointed. He has been a lifelong Republican. Everybody embraced his position as special counsel when it first came about, but quickly the President was 
thinking about firing him. Now people want to smear all of this: It is a mistake. The real question is: What are you hiding? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE ), my friend from Philadelphia, who is a pretty happy camper because his Eagles are going to be playing in the Super Bowl on Sunday. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend for his belief early on in the season in the Eagles, despite the fact he is a diehard Broncos fan. The Super Bowl will be a nice diversion from the seriousness of the subject that we are discussing and debating tonight. Let me take us back a bit to a couple of events that, yes, may have happened a little bit before I was born, but I know well as a student of American history. I fear that we are on the verge of repeating them, possibly only days away on the verge of repeating them. In October 1973, the Watergate investigation was being conducted by the special counsel, Archibald Cox. It had been going on, at that point, for most of 1973. On a Saturday night, President Nixon decided to fire the special counsel, in part, because the special counsel was doing his job and was getting too close to uncovering the conspiracy. President Nixon ordered his Attorney General to fire the special counsel. The Attorney General proved to be a profile in courage and refused. It then went to the Deputy Attorney General. The Deputy Attorney General refused. Finally, the number three man, the Solicitor General, named Robert Bork, decided that he would follow what President Nixon wanted and fired Archibald Cox. That became known as the Saturday Night Massacre. When John Chancellor, then the anchor for NBC News, came on the air— and I was recently rewatching this—he said: Tonight, I utter words I never thought I would say, but we are in the midst of the greatest constitutional crisis in the history of the Republic. I fear that history may very well repeat itself. We now know, since we were last in session—and it has been reported and confirmed by many media outlets, including FOX News—that President Trump has ordered his own White House attorney to fire the special counsel. Why? If the President really has nothing to hide, then why would he fire the special counsel and want to bring this process to an end? It gets back to the very first question that my colleague from Colorado has asked: What does he have to hide? I sincerely hope that the special counsel will find and will prove that nothing happened. That would be the best outcome and best course for all of us as Americans. But, boy, if the President is innocent, he sure isn’t acting like it. We must come together—as Democrats and Republicans second, but as Americans first—and do what is in the best interest of justice and of this country and say that the special counsel must be allowed to continue his work until its natural conclusion. If the President moves to fire the special counsel, that, by its very definition, is obstructing justice. This body and the other body on the other side of this building cannot allow that to happen. Here is the good news. In Watergate, ultimately, the American people didn’t let it happen. There was such an outcry on a bipartisan basis that, within 48 hours, President Nixon had relented and appointed another special counsel, Leon Jaworski, who ended up being just as dogged, pursued the President all the way to the Supreme Court. Then the Supreme Court ruled, unanimously, that President Nixon had to hand over the tapes even though three of the eight Justices were Nixon appointees. President Nixon, actually, to his credit, complied with that Supreme Court order and released the tapes, including a few tapes that clearly proved he was guilty—the socalled smoking gun—and, within about a week or two, resigned in August of 1974. We can prevent that history from repeating itself if we act here in Congress to ensure there is a proper procedure in place to protect the integrity of this investigation. If that does not take place, there will be, I predict, an outcry of the American people you have not seen or heard since October 1973. This country and its institutions are a heck of lot more important than any political party, and it is about time all of us in this body act in such a way that shows we believe in those words. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania for the history lesson he just reminded us about. His words are ones that I don’t think I can add anything to. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ), my friend, if he has anything else to add. But I just want the Speaker to know and I want this Chamber to know that we are not going to go away. We are not going to allow things to be hidden. We are not going to allow things to be covered up. This has got to run its full course, just as my friend said. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. We are being taken back to the lessons of Watergate tonight. The system worked in the 1970s. The checks and balances that our Founders put in place took effect. The public stepped up. The media stepped up. People of conscience in important positions within the government stood their ground and did the right thing. But I think it would be foolish for us not to take the threats of this moment in our history very, very seriously because there are some things at play this time around that weren’t there in the 1970s. You did not have rightwing media organs out there actively trying to undermine public trust in our government. You did not have a complicit United States Congress that, instead of doing oversight, seems to be spending more of its effort running cover for the administration, trying to hide the facts, trying to block investigations, playing tribal politics at its worst, instead of fulfilling our institutional role in a critical constitutional test like this. I think it is a very, very serious moment in our history, and I am glad that the gentleman is convening discussions like this on the floor. We have to make sure that, in this investigation, the professional law enforcement personnel who do this for a living are allowed to do their job so that we can all learn the truth, whatever that may be. The question is: What are they afraid of? What are they hiding? This investigation is going to answer those questions, and we will all accept those answers, whatever they may be, but we have got to let the system work. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership tonight. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. MCCLINTOCK (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and January 30 on account of an illness. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and January 30 on account of death in family. 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1873. An act to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, January 30, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quarter of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017. 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. DIANE BLACK, Jan. 10, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2255. A bill to clarify that nonprofit organizations may accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–528). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4792. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to expand access to capital for small businesses affected by hurricanes or other natural disasters, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–529). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1426. A bill to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings associations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–530). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4281. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to expand access to capital for ruralarea small businesses, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–531). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 219. A bill to correct the Swan Lake hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska (Rept. 115–532). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2711. A bill to designate a National Memorial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas; with an amendment (Rept. 115–533). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3058. A bill to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’ (Rept. 115–534). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 443. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–535). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2630. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 115–536). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 714. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–537). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. B ARR, Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. C URTIS , Mr. J OHNSON  of Ohio, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. SMUCKER , Mr. B ACON , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. D IAZ BALART , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. TAYLOR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. T URNER, Mr. U PTON , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. GIBBS, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. BOST, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. COFFMAN ): H.R. 4886. A bill to make permanent certain provision of Public Law 11597; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. ISSA, Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. K ILMER): H.R. 4887. A bill to modernize Federal grant reporting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. C RIST, Mr. SOTO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. L EE, Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SUOZZI , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K EATING , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. WELCH , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. G OMEZ , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, and Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER ): H.R. 4888. A bill to provide that the production safety systems rule and the well control rule in section 250 of title 30, Code of Federal Regulations, shall have the same force and effect of law as if such rules had been enacted by an Act of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. L EE, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. WELCH , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. M CEACHIN , and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H.R. 4889. A bill to cap the emissions of greenhouse gases through a requirement to purchase carbon permits, to distribute the proceeds of such purchases to eligible individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for himself, Mr. HOYER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. RASKIN ): H.R. 4890. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 4891. A bill to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to provide for the expansion of emergency planning zones and the development of plans for dry cask storage of spent nuclear fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 4892. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 with respect to nutrient and soil health management and source water protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself and Mr. TURNER ): H.R. 4893. A bill to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to establish an interagency working group to study Federal efforts to collect data on sexual violence and to make recommendations on the harmonization of such efforts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 4894. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide temporary relief from the annual fee imposed on health insurance providers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself and Mr. BISHOP of Utah): H.R. 4895. A bill to establish the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. NORTON , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. E VANS , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. RUSH, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. CLAY, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. MOORE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. LOVE, Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. VEASEY ): H. Res. 715. A resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Memphis sanitation workers’ strike; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. B ERA, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 716. A resolution recognizing the importance of the 2018 Winter Olympic Games in PyeongChang, South Korea, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. J ORDAN, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. MESSER , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEYof Florida, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. BABIN, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SANFORD , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. RENACCI , Mr. B RAT, Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. PERRY , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. BLUM, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. ROGERS of Alabama): H. Res. 717. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the socalled ‘‘FISA memo’’, a document prepared by the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and any ancillary information, should be released to the public; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. ZELDIN: H. Res. 718. A resolution condemning the actions taken by the Government of the Republic of Cameroon against Patrice Nganang and others, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XI1 of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 15: Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 20: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 172: Mr. MASSIE and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 217: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 350: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 365: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 449: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 466: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 502: Ms. PLASKETT . H.R. 604: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 611: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 620: Mr. HULTGREN , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 669: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 681: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee and Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 731: Mrs. TORRES , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 743: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 795: Ms. MENG. H.R. 807: Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 853: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 881: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 927: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 982: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 997: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 1002: Mr. YODER . H.R. 1155: Ms. MENG. H.R. 1205: Mr. CA´RDENAS and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1229: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 1318: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1341: Mr. HARPER . H.R. 1426: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 1458: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1536: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 1606: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 1639: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1810: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1818: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. C OLLINS  of New York, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1820: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 1864: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1880: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1928: Mrs. HANDEL , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T IPTON, Mrs. R OBY, and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 2092: Ms. TITUS and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 2150: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2166: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2215: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. MEEKS , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 2220: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 2255: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 2285: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 2287: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 2307: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 2319: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 2392: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana. H.R. 2452: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 2492: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2501: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 2591: Mr. MITCHELL and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 2603: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 2651: Mr. NOLAN . 
H.R. 2723: Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 2740: Mr. REEDand Mr. J ORDAN . H.R. 2785: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 2820: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 2832: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 2952: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3018: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 3030: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. R USH, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. D ENT, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 3425: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 3497: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 3528: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3563: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 3566: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3637: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3642: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 3666: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 3671: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3692: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3730: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 3738: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3773: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 3828: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 3842: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 3860: Mr. SCHWEIKERT . H.R. 3894: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 3942: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 3945: Mr. NADLER and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 3964: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3976: Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. CORREA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. S MITH of New Jer sey, and Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 3988: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4001: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4013: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4035: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 4097: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. CROWLEY , and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 4099: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4101: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4107: Mr. SERRANO , Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4115: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 4146: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4158: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 4184: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4203: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4221: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. LARSON of Con necticut. H.R. 4229: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. GIBBS. H.R. 4238: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 4253: Mr. MCEACHIN and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4274: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 4311: Mr. MESSER and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4312: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4319: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 4345: Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. R USH, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. J ONES , Mr. COOK, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. H IGGINS  of Louisiana, Mr. MAST, and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4369: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4392: Mr. KEATING and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4424: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 4426: Mrs. DEMINGS and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 4446: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 4489: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 4494: Mr. MCCLINTOCK and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia. H.R. 4525: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4526: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4527: Mr. GOMEZ and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 4547: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 4548: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4549: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4556: Ms. BORDALLO . H.R. 4565: Mr. COOK. H.R. 4575: Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. G RIFFITH , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4582: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 4666: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 4684: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 4691: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4704: Ms. ESHOO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MOORE , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4706: Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 4719: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 4720: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4729: Mr. ELLISON and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4734: Mr. GRIFFITH , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. ROSEN , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4743: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. E VANS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 4744: Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 4747: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 4760: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 4767: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4775: Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. LYNCH , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 4780: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 4803: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4824: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 4831: Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 4844: Mr. KING of Iowa and Mr. MESSER . H.R. 4871: Mr. SMITH of Washington and Mr. MCEACHIN . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. FOSTER . H. Con. Res. 9: Mr. CONNOLLY . H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H. Con. Res. 61: Mr. MARINO , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. CRAMER . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. DEGETTE , and Ms. S A´NCHEZ . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. S CHIFF . H. Res. 128: Mrs. NOEM. H. Res. 188: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 199: Mr. MAST. H. Res. 257: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 301: Ms. NORTON . H. Res. 466: Mr. DENT, Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, and Mr. MARCHANT . H. Res. 621: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H. Res. 673: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. LIPINSKI . H. Res. 684: Mr. GAETZ . H. Res. 692: Mr. BLUM and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 697: Ms. ESHOO . H. Res. 699: Ms. SPEIER and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 707: Mr. MCGOVERN and Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H. Res. 711: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT OF THE 115TH CONGRESS 1ST SESSION 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT The President, prior to sine die adjournment of the First Session of the 115th Congress, notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills and of the following titles: 
December 18, 2017: H.R. 228. An Act to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes. December 22, 2017: H.R. 1. An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. H.R. 1370. An Act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to issue Department of Homeland Securitywide guidance and develop training programs as part of the Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign, and for other purposes. 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT The President, prior to sine die adjournment of the First Session of the 115th Congress, notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: December 18, 2017: S. 371. An Act to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017. December 20, 2017: S. 1266. An Act to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT PRIOR TO SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, prior to sine die adjournment of the First Session of the 115th Congress, reported that on December 29, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: H.R. 2331. To require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes. H.R. 2142. To improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes. H.R. 2228. To provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and wellbeing of law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. H.R. 863. To facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other purposes. H.R. 699. To amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon. H.R. 381. To designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’. Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, prior to sine die adjournment of the First Session of the 115th Congress, further reported that on January 2, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: H.R. 2611. To modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes. H.R. 4661. To reauthorize the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant program, and for other purposes. H.R. 954. To remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes. H.R. 518. To amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to exclude power supply circuits, drivers, and devices designed to be connected to, and power, lightemitting diodes or organic lightemitting diodes providing illumination from energy conservation standards for external power supplies, and for other purposes. 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AFTER SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT OF THE 115TH CONGRESS 1ST SESSION 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT AFTER SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT The President, after sine die adjournment of the First Session of the 115th Congress, notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
January 3, 2018: H.R. 4661. An Act to reauthorize the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grants Program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant program, and for other purposes. January 8, 2018: H.R. 267. An Act to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, and for other purposes. H.R. 560. An Act to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes. H.R. 1242. An Act to establish the 400 Years of AfricanAmerican History Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 1306. An Act to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon, and for other purposes. H.R. 1927. An Act to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the African American Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes. January 10, 2018: H.R. 381. An Act to designate a mountain in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest as ‘‘Sky Point’’. H.R. 699. An Act to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon. H.R. 863. An Act to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville National Historical Park, and for other purposes. H.R. 2142. An Act to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes. H.R. 2228. An Act to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and wellbeing of law enforcement officers, and for other purposes. H.R. 2331. An Act to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes. January 12, 2018: H.R. 518. An Act to amend the Energy Policy and Conservation Act to exclude power supply circuits, drivers, and devices designed to be connected to, and power, lightemitting diodes or organic lightemitting diodes providing illumination from energy conservation standards for external power supplies, and for other purposes. H.R. 954. An Act to remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, and for other purposes. H.R. 2611. An Act to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes. SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE PRESIDENT AFTER SINE DIE ADJOURNMENT The President, after sine die adjournment of the First Session of the 115th Congress, notified the Clerk of the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
January 3, 2018: S. 1536. An Act to designate a human trafficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, and for other purposes. S. 2273. An Act to extend the period during which vessels that are shorter than 79 feet in length and fishing vessels are not required to have a permit for discharges incidental to the normal operation of the vessel. January 8, 2018: S. 1393. An Act to streamline the process by which active duty military, reservists, and veterans receive commercial driver’s licenses. S. 1532. An Act to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking. S. 1766. An Act to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and for other purposes. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S527 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 2018 No. 19 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by 