Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remind my colleagues and the American public about what is happening to families around this country and why this Congress must enact comprehensive immigration reform as quickly as possible. Syed Jamal is the father of three, a husband, and a chemistry professor from Bangladesh who has lived in the United States for 30 years. He had overstayed his visa but had been checking in periodically with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, ICE, as he was told to do. But on January 24, as he was getting ready to take his kids to school, ICE officers pulled up, put him in handcuffs, and arrested him. As was talked about this morning on most of the stations, they threatened his children that they too would be arrested if they tried to hug him good bye. He was detained for several weeks without the ability to contact his family. Despite his lawyers’, the community’s, and my efforts, he was set to be deported yesterday. He was on his way to Bangladesh, where he probably would have been killed, when an emergency appeal was successful. He was released in Hawaii but is still in limbo. I will be working across party lines with Representative JENKINS to see a pathway to citizenship for Mr. Jamal and his wife. I am calling on ICE to bring Mr. Jamal home to be with his family while the court decides his case. Over 96,000 people have signed a petition to stop his deportation. 
RECOGNIZING THE BUCKS COUNTY OPPORTUNITY COUNCIL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Bucks County Opportunity Council for their commitment to serving members of our community. The Opportunity Council will be offering free income tax preparation assistance to lowincome residents of Bucks County through its Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program. Trained and certified volunteers will be available in Levittown, Warminster, Quakertown, and Newtown between February 1 and April 15 to serve as many members of the community as possible. Individuals and families with a combined income of $54,000 or less are eligible for assistance through the program. Volunteer tax preparers receive training and need to pass an exam to be certified. Others can assist in support roles such as greeting visitors and scheduling. The program is sponsored by the IRS and supported locally by the Bucks County Foundation, KeyBank Foundation, and First National Bank & Trust of Newtown. Mr. Speaker, we offer our thanks to the Bucks County Opportunity Council for all they do for our community. f 
A SAFE HARBOR FOR HOMEOWNERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, last Tuesday, the IRS and the Department of the Treasury issued a ruling which was good news for folks who live in north central and eastern Connecticut as well as western Massachusetts. In a nutshell, what the IRS did was extend a property casualty loss deduction for homeowners who had foundations built over the last 20 years from material from a quarry which contained a metal substance called pyrrhotite which, when exposed to moisture over time, spiderweb cracks and, in fact, the houses are subject to full collapse. I have here a photograph which shows, again, a contractor who was repairing one of the foundations of an affected home which shows, again, how fragile the concrete foundation becomes as a result of this condition. Last year, the IRS issued a ruling that said that homeowners who make the repairs—which can cost up to $150,000 to $200,000 because, again, you have to lift the house, pull out the old 
foundation, pour a new foundation, and relower the house on top of it—would at least be able to get a deduction under an IRS deduction provision that goes back decades, the property casualty loss provision, which was good news. Unfortunately, in the tax bill which was signed into law by President Trump in December, one of its most boneheaded provisions actually narrowed the scope of the property casualty loss to only those property cases which happened in an area that has been declared a federally declared disaster, which, again, because this, so far, FEMA has ruled is as a result of a manmade product, concrete, does not qualify for that FEMA designation. Thankfully, we have some outstanding people at the IRS, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury David Kautter, who, again, looked at the tax bill that was signed into law and basically issued the ruling on Tuesday that allows, at least for the next 3 years, homeowners to claim this deduction, again, using an amended return for 2017, as a way of getting the full benefit before the tax bill steps in in 2020 and eliminates this avenue of relief. This was a provision which never belonged in the tax bill. It affects a much broader cross section of Americans, not just folks from homes with crumbling foundations who are not in declared disaster areas. I know that members on the House Ways and Means Committee, particularly Congressman RICHIE NEAL, are very focused in terms of trying to fix this really harmful provision that provides almost zero tax savings to the Federal budget but causes huge harm to homeowners like the ones in Connecticut and western Massachusetts. Again, Congressman NEAL, Congressman LARSON , and I have been working with the IRS over the last 19 months to get this safe harbor for homeowners to be able to get the benefit of this provision. I want to thank the folks at IRS and Treasury for their ruling on Tuesday that at least allowed another 3year window for people who are totally innocent victims who, because of the way insurance policies are structured, cannot, in most instances, get property casualty loss coverage for this type of loss to at least be able to soften the blow with this deduction. Mr. Speaker, included in the bipartisan budget agreement which passed at 5 o’clock in the morning last Friday was a provision that did not receive a great deal of attention but actually will provide a great deal of relief, particularly for America’s seniors. In particular, it reduced and narrowed the size of the doughnut hole for seniors who use the Medicare part D prescription drug program. As many may recall, in 2003, when the Medicare prescription drug benefit was first created, it had a doughnut hole that basically said that seniors who signed up for Medicare part D after $2,000 of benefits for prescription drugs covered under the law would then have to pay a full 100 percent deductible until their prescription drug costs reached $5,000. It was like buying a car, making a monthly payment, and then after 2,000 miles having to get out and walk for the next 3,000 miles until you again hit the trigger for the doughnut hole to kick back in for coverage. When we passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010, we started the process of narrowing that doughnut hole, again, by 50 percent in year 1. It was again up to 35 percent in 2017, and the bill that passed on Friday night will actually do the final step to eliminate the doughnut hole entirely in 2019. The really impressive part of that provision is that narrowing is not going to be paid for by the taxpayer. The pharmaceutical companies are the ones who will have to bear the brunt of narrowing that cost so that seniors will again have huge savings in the scope of thousands of dollars because of that provision. Again, this is an example of where the bipartisan work that was done on that budget bill actually resulted in a very concrete, tangible benefit for America’s seniors. I think that will be welcome news for those who are bearing the high cost of prescription drugs. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As we meditate on all the blessings of life, we especially pray for the blessing of peace in our lives and in our world. May Your special blessings be upon the Members of this assembly as they return from a long weekend in their home districts. Give them wisdom and charity, that they might work together for the common good. May all that is done this day in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEI DER) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHNEIDER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF RON PARISH (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday morning, Ron Parish of Yorkville, Illinois, passed from the loving arms of his wife, Becky, into the open arms of Jesus. Ron was a lifelong salesman whose career included RC Cola, Nabisco, McCormick spice company, and more. After he retired, he faithfully served our community’s homeless at Kendall County PADS. Ron’s people skills served him well in business and in his relationships. He was always reaching out to friends and strangers alike. He would ask how they are doing, how he could help, and he was always pointing them to Jesus. In fact, Ron and Becky introduced my family to their church, Harvest New Beginnings, and they were the very first to greet us on that Godordained day 3 years ago when we first visited Harvest New Beginnings. It has become our home church. Ron was 75 years old and is survived by Becky; two children, Ron, Jr., and Rhonda; four grandchildren; three greatgrandchildren; and many other relatives and friends. I know you are smiling down on us now, Ron. Well done, good and faithful servant. 
IMPROVE MONITORING OF FOREIGN INTERFERENCE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, today, the heads of our intelligence agencies are testifying in the Senate with a unanimous and stark warning: Russia’s meddling in 2016 was not an isolated incident, our midterm elections remain vulnerable, and Putin is targeting the 2018 elections. ‘‘The United States is under attack,’’ said Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats. Russia’s actions demand a serious response, both to hold our attackers accountable and to deter future interference. Remarkably, President Trump 
and his administration have proved unwilling to act. We must do better. I am proud to join with my friend and colleague, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , to introduce the DETER Act in the House. This bicameral, bipartisan legislation, introduced in the Senate by CHRIS VANHOLLEN and M ARCO RUBIO, will improve our monitoring of foreign interference and impose immediate and severe sanctions when such actions are identified. It is an important step to ensure the integrity of every American’s vote. Protecting our elections is a national concern superseding party and politics. As we approach the next national election in less than 9 months, we must work together and we must act now. I urge my colleagues to support the DETER Act to secure our elections this year and beyond. 
AMERICANS VIEW MEDIA NEGATIVELY (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Gallup recently polled Americans on their perceptions of the news media. The poll revealed that 43 percent of Americans have a negative view of the media, 10 percent more than who have a positive view. Twothirds said that the news media does not do a good job of separating fact from fiction. More than half said they couldn’t think of one objective news source. These are remarkable findings and yet unsurprising. The liberal news media has abandoned objective, fact based reporting and is, instead, pushing a liberal agenda. Their partisandriven news only tells one side of the story: their side. The liberal media has made it their mission to attack the President and Republicans on a daily basis at the expense of the facts. Americans know it when they see it. This is a liberal, partisan agenda masquerading as journalism. Until the news returns to objective reporting, Americans will continue to view them negatively. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 4533, which designates the healthcare system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the Lexington VA Health Care System. However, it is two other designations in this bill that I wish to highlight because they honor the memories of two extraordinary Greatest Generation heroes from Kentucky: Troy Bowling and Franklin R. Sousley. H.R. 4533 names two campuses in the Lexington, Kentucky, healthcare system after these brave marines. Seventythree years ago this month, United States Marines landed on the Pacific island of Iwo Jima and engaged the Japanese forces in some of the most intense and costly fighting of World War II. Among them were Troy Bowling and Franklin R. Sousley, just teenagers at the time. Bowling’s unit was among the first to arrive on Iwo Jima. On the second day, he was critically wounded by mortars and eventually evacuated to the beach, where he received lifesaving care and witnessed the raising of the American flag atop Mount Suribachi. Lying wounded on that beach, Mr. Bowling made a deal with God that, if he survived, he would spend his life in the service of others. He kept that promise over the next 72 years through more than 78,000 hours of volunteer service at the Lexington VA Medical Center. In his work with the Disabled American Veterans, he has held nearly every position possible, including state commander, among others; and he is the recipient of the Lifetime Service Achievement Award from the Department of Veterans Affairs. Now, upon his arrival on the island of Iwo Jima, Private Sousley was also involved in intense, concentrated fighting. Eventually, as we all know, American forces prevailed. Private Sousley was among the six marines proudly hoisting that flag. Tragically, less than a month later, he would be killed in action. Highly decorated for bravery, Private Sousley is now buried in the Elizaville Cemetery in Fleming County, Kentucky. These two men are the personification of duty, patriotism, and selfsacrifice. It is entirely appropriate that the two campuses of the Lexington VA Health Care System be named in their honor. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), who is my good friend and Mr. Bowling’s Congressman from Lexington. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROEfor his tireless leadership as a veteran himself, as a physician, and for his exceptional leadership on veterans issues as chairman of the committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4533, to designate the healthcare system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, my hometown, as the Lexington VA Health Care System and to individually designate medical facilitates located at 1101 Veterans Drive in Lexington, Kentucky, as the Troy Bowling Campus, a campus where my own grandfather, a World War II veteran, spent his final days; and to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs Healthcare Center located at 2250 Leestown Road in Lexington, Kentucky, as the Franklin R. Sousley Campus. Born in Hilltop, Kentucky, Marine Private First Class Franklin R. Sousley landed on Iwo Jima on Friday, February 19, 1945, and he actively fought in the battle for the islands. During these intense fighting moments, members of the United States Armed Forces secured Mount Suribachi and hoisted a United States flag on top of the summit. On February 23, 1945, Private First Class Sousley, alongside five other brave U.S. servicemembers, raised a larger U.S. flag so it could be seen over the island. The iconic photograph taken of these six marines while they raised the U.S. flag attached to a heavy Japanese pipe soon became the immortalized symbol of American bravery, perseverance, and sacrifice endured by members of the United States Armed Forces during the intense battles of World War II. Tragically, Private First Class Sousley was killed in combat by a Japanese sniper around Cayetano Point on March 21, 1945, and was finally laid to rest at the Elizaville Cemetery in Fleming County, Kentucky. I have been to that grave site many times. The VFW in Fleming County always, on an annual basis, goes out there to pay their respects to the Sousley family right at that grave site. Private Troy Bowling bravely fought at Iwo Jima. While attempting to secure Mount Suribachi, his unit came under intense and concentrated fire, as was previously said, completely overwhelming his unit. Two projectiles struck Private Bowling in the chest and leg, leaving him critically wounded on the battlefield. At that moment, Bowling said: ‘‘As I lay bleeding on the black sands of Iwo Jima, I looked to the heavens, promising that, if I survived, I would serve mankind for the rest of my life.’’ Troy’s unit received the Presidential Unit Citation, and he received the Purple Heart. In keeping faith with his commitment to God made during that battle, Private Bowling, whom I had the honor of meeting on several occasions, devoted the next 66 years of his life by giving over 78,000 hours of volunteer service to others at the Lexington VA Medical Center, and he rose through the ranks within the Disabled American Veterans organization, holding nearly every position, including state commander. He also received a Lifetime Service Achievement Award from the Department of Veterans Affairs and was nominated and selected to be inducted into the Kentucky Veterans Hall of Fame for his lifetime of service to veterans. These two deserving veterans, Franklin Sousley and Troy Bowling, embody the best of American ideals, values, and commitment to serving others, never abandoning the marine motto of ‘‘semper fidelis,’’ always faithful. Therefore, it is fitting that we rename the Lexington VA Medical Center campuses during the 73rd anniversary of the landing of the U.S. forces on the beaches of Iwo Jima and honor these two servicemembers for their service and sacrifice to our country and to our veterans. I would like to thank the members of the Sixth Congressional District Veterans Coalition for bringing the idea for this legislation to my attention. I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Kentucky congressional delegation—Leader MITCH MCCONNELL , Senator RAND PAUL, Congressman H AL ROGERS , Congressman J OHN YARMUTH , Congressman BRETT GUTHRIE , Congressman THOMAS MASSIE , and Congressman JAMES COMER —for their support as well. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues in the House to support the passage of this meaningful legislation honoring veterans in Kentucky. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge my colleagues to join me in passing this meaningful piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation. From this Army veteran, I wish Private Sousley and Private Bowling to rest in peace. Semper fi. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4533, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
HAMAS HUMAN SHIELDS PREVENTION ACT Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3542) to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use of civilians as human shields, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3542 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the coauthor of this legislation and a good friend, Congressman SETH MOULTON  from Massachusetts, a valued Iraq veteran; as well as the original cosponsors, Congresswoman ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN and Congressman T ED DEUTCH . I also appreciate Chairman E D ROYCE and the House Foreign Affairs Committee for allowing it to proceed to a floor vote. H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, will sanction Hamas for violating human rights standards by using civilians as human shields. For far too long, Hamas has taken shelter and launched offenses against Israel from civilian areas, including schools, hospitals, and mosques. Their cowardly actions knowingly and carelessly put innocent lives at risk and are a gross violation of human rights and international law. Last June, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, UNRWA, discovered Hamas tunnels under two of its schools in Gaza, demonstrating how they knowingly integrate terrorist operations with children in civilian areas. Sadly, the Iranians and Hamas are willing to fight to the last Palestinian man, woman, and child in their quest to annihilate the people of Israel. Yet neither Hamas nor Iran have been properly held accountable by responsible nations for their crimes against humanity. Unfortunately, the prior U.S. administration never raised this as a serious issue with the Iranians. The cowardly Iranians and Hamas sacrifice innocent Palestinians for their selfdestructive ideology. The world must face the threat of Hamas as it continues to perpetrate atrocities against civilians by using them as human shields. This legislation imposes direct sanctions against any Hamas terrorist who is responsible for using human shields. This bill, Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, encourages the U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations to secure a U.N. Security Council multilateral resolution imposing sanctions against Hamas for the use of human shields. It would also sanction foreign governments and individuals who provide material and financial support to Hamas, which would cut off the resources that allow Hamas to terrorize civilians. I appreciate that Ambassador Nikki Haley has been outspoken against the murderous terrorists in the global war on terrorism. I believe this legislation will promote working to ensure that lives of innocent civilians of the citizens of Gaza are spared by proactively imposing strong sanctions against Hamas and their murderous actions. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, February 7, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with respect to H.R. 3542, the ‘‘Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 3542 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 3542 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation and that our committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 3542 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, February 7, 2018. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 3542 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act. Mr. Speaker, this is an act that came before our committee and was adopted unanimously by voice vote. I was there. My hearing has been tested recently, and there was not one dissenting voice. I thank Representatives WILSON and M OULTON for their leadership in authoring the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, and I am proud to be a cosponsor. This legislation calls out the cowardly use of human shields by Hamas and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad. It sanctions anyone who supports or takes part in this horrific practice. Let us be perfectly clear about what is at stake. There are designated terrorist entities using innocent civilians, even innocent children, as a means to camouflage their arsenals. Every time Hamas does this, every time it is done by Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the leadership is making a horrific statement: they put a higher value on their efforts to kill Israeli civilians than they do on the lives of Gaza’s civilians. Keep in mind, this practice is a violation of the Geneva Conventions and the rules and laws of war. It is a war crime and should, indeed, be sanctioned by the United Nations. First and foremost, this is an issue of basic human rights. Hamas has forced civilians to gather on the roofs of their homes so they can hide terrorist military leaders and weapons below. Hamas has even built their tunnels that they use to move weapons and fighters right under civilian infrastructure. This puts hospitals, schools, mosques, markets, and innocent Palestinians at great risk. It doesn’t stop there. Hamas purposely puts rockets in U.N. facilities, compelling the U.N. to launch daily inspections of each of their facilities during times of heightened tension and putting international personnel in harm’s way. Hamas’ use of human shields also raises important national security concerns for Israel. Unlike Palestinian terrorist groups—groups that seek to kill as many Israeli civilians as possible— in contrast with that, the Israeli Defense Forces are not blind and cannot be blind to the plight of innocent civilians. That is why the Israeli Government has tried to warn Palestinian civilians of upcoming strikes, including evacuation notices, text messages and calls, and even lowexplosive warning ‘‘knocks.’’ These warnings don’t just give innocent civilians the opportunity to evacuate. They also put the terrorists on notice that strikes are imminent, giving them an opportunity to escape. The Israeli Government has made an explicit decision. They care enough about warning and saving the lives of Palestinian civilians that they are willing to give an advantage to terrorist groups—groups who are trying to kill as many Israeli civilians as they possibly can. The contrast, therefore, is astounding. While Israel has made bold investments in early warning apps on Israeli phones and developed the Iron Dome, along with the United States, to protect Israeli civilians from incoming 
missiles, Hamas makes no effort to protect Gaza civilians and engages in activities designed to cause Gaza civilians to be killed. Hamas puts innocent civilians in the line of fire. They hide their weapons and their leadership beneath schools and hospitals. Then, when Gaza children die, when innocent men and women are blown apart, Hamas’ leadership cheers quietly at what they perceive as a propaganda coup against the Israeli Defense Forces. That is why I support sanctions against Hamas and any of its supporting organizations and individuals that facilitate the use of human shields. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), who chairs the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. WILSON for presenting this bill before us today, and I rise in strong support of his bill, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act. I was proud to join Mr. WILSON and others as an original cosponsor. Three years ago, the House and Senate both unanimously passed a concurrent resolution that I authored which denounced the use of human shields by Hamas and, indeed, any other terror group. Using human shields is an unconscionable practice. It is a gross violation of international laws and norms. Yet, invariably, the use of human shields ends up being a winning strategy for Hamas. Why? Because the international community falls for its deadly ploy. This is despite the fact that Israel is unmatched in its efforts to avoid civilian casualties. We know Hamas forces Palestinians into becoming human shields, and the terror group is known for firing on Israeli targets from heavily populated areas or from places like schools or mosques. They do this on purpose. This disgusting practice underscores the fact that Hamas doesn’t care at all about the wellbeing of the Palestinian people, and the sole purpose of Hamas is to try to force Israel into a situation in which it may harm civilians, hoping to turn the public sentiment against the Jewish State. Mr. WILSON ’s bill, therefore, puts down an important marker, Mr. Speaker. It builds upon our previous efforts by adding punitive measures identifying and then sanctioning anyone affiliated with Hamas who uses human shields. Responsible nations must not allow Hamas to continue to use this cynical ploy, and we in the United States have a responsibility to lead and to ensure that this gruesome tactic is ended once and for all. I thank Mr. WILSON from South Carolina for this initiative, and I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this important and muchneeded measure before us today. I thank Mr. WILSON  for, once again, highlighting this cynical, deadly, and disgusting ploy being used by Hamas. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. b1600 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend for yielding, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, introduced, sponsored, and authored by my good friend and colleague JOEWILSON ; and we are all very grateful he has brought this important legislation to the floor. H.R. 3542 is a critical and commonsense measure that addresses Hamas’ cynical and welldocumented practice of endangering civilian lives for the sake of its terror campaign against the State of Israel. Many independent observers attest to the Palestinian terrorist group’s strategy of locating military equipment and installations amidst civilian infrastructure. A 2015 Amnesty International report, Mr. Speaker, entitled, ‘‘Unlawful and Deadly,’’ exposed this reprehensible conduct by the Palestinian terrorist groups during Israel’s 2014 Operation Protective Edge in the Gaza Strip. The report documented examples of ‘‘attacks launched from the vicinity of civilian buildings or from residential areas’’ in addition to the use of ‘‘civilian buildings and facilities for other military purposes, such as storing munitions.’’ In one instance chronicled in this report, a foreign journalist captured footage of a rocket launcher ‘‘located some 50 meters from a hotel frequented by international correspondents, 100 meters away from a U.N. building, and very near several civilian homes.’’ The footage additionally showed ‘‘children playing next to the rocket launcher.’’ Amnesty further documented the discovery of ‘‘Palestinian munitions in three . . . vacant’’—UNRWA—‘‘schools in the Gaza Strip’’ during the conflict. One of these schools, although vacant, had ‘‘two UNRWA schools on either side of it’’—that—‘‘were each hosting around 1,500 displaced civilians.’’ Mr. Speaker, Hamas’ perverse practice of using U.N. installations to shield military infrastructure has not abated since the 2014 Gaza war. UNRWA discovers military infrastructure in the immediate environs of its school on an alarmingly regular basis. Last year alone, the agency reported discovering two militant tunnels located under its schools in the Gaza Strip. Of course, human rights reports and UNRWA statements account only for a limited scope of violations that are observed and documented by international organizations, media correspondents, and credible NGOs. The real scope of Hamas’ human shield policy is almost certainly far greater. Israeli authorities, for example, reported that out of 3,600 Palestinian rockets launched in the first month and a half of Operation Protective Edge, 1,600 of those rockets, nearly 45 percent, were fired from civilian areas. H.R. 3542 rightfully calls on the administration to use its voice and vote in the United Nations Security Council to impose multilateral sanctions on Hamas for this disgraceful pattern of exploiting innocent civilians, including women and children, so that it can rain indiscriminate rockets on innocent Israelis with greater impunity. This bill would also impose U.S. visa bans and asset freezes on individuals and entities that direct or facilitate Hamas’ use of human shields. By supporting this measure, Mr. Speaker, this House can advance the cause of civilian protection for Israelis and Palestinians alike. Again, I want to thank Mr. WILSON  for this excellent bill. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no other speakers on this side, so I will make a few remarks in closing. Mr. Speaker, I want to put this legislation in the broader context of the IsraeliPalestinian conflict. A Palestinian state will never be born as a result of the use of human shields. No country can make peace with a group that uses its own women and children in that manner, and no country can build peace with an entity that makes the violation of the Geneva Conventions and the international rules of law established military policy. I am a firm believer in a twostate solution that results in a secure Jewish State of Israel and a peaceful Palestinian state by its side. I hope that this legislation will help move toward that end because it seeks to empower those who want to make peace and sanctions those who cheapen human life and violate international law. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, which passed in our committee without a dissenting voice. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, I would like to thank Congressman SHERMAN for his leadership in this bipartisan legislation, which will make a difference on behalf of the people of Gaza and on behalf of the people of Israel. The terrorists of Hamas hide behind school children, hospital patients, and other vulnerable civilians. This cowardly use of human shields is a grave 
human rights abuse that must be stopped, which sacrifices the lives of innocent Palestinians. I again want to thank the bipartisan sponsors of the Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act, which deserves our unanimous support, and, in particular, I point out the cosponsorship by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ). Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, international law of armed conflict prohibits the use of innocent men, women and children to deter an attack. This cowardly and disgraceful strategy is known as using human shields. And it’s rightly deemed a war crime. Yet since the violent takeover of Gaza in 2007, Hamas has repeatedly put the lives of Palestinian civilians at risk by brutally using them as human shields. Hamas also terrorizes Palestinians—the very people they claim to represent—with summary executions and torture in Gaza. Hamas regularly launches indiscriminate attacks on civilian populations in Israel from densely populated positions in Gaza, often in or near schools, mosques or hospitals. Hamas also routinely forces Palestinian civilians to gather on the roofs of their homes to act as human shields. This means that every time Hamas fires a rocket, it is committing not one, but two, war crimes: targeting civilians in Israel while shamelessly using human shields in Gaza. Today, the Gaza Strip is a terrorist sanctuary on Israel’s borders. The legislation we are considering today, H.R. 3542, appropriately holds Hamas responsible for its repeated use of human shields— as well as their enablers, like the Iranian regime. It imposes targeted sanctions and calls for action at the United Nations Security Council to put an end to this heinous practice. The world cannot let terrorists embed forces among civilian populations, using them as human shields, without taking action. I thank the gentleman from South Carolina, Representative WILSON , for authoring this legislation and urge my colleagues to support it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3542, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN) each will control 20 minutes. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 129, which recommits us to the sacred task of accounting fully for our troops who are still missing and unaccounted for in past wars and conflicts. From World War II onward, more than 82,000 U.S. personnel have not come home and are not accounted for. That means that for tens of thousands of American families, friends, and comrades in arms, the pain of uncertainty continues to this very day. This resolution also calls upon foreign nations to fully cooperate and to provide the Defense POWMIA Accounting Agency with all information on our missing personnel that those countries may have. It is especially appropriate that we are considering this resolution this week, which marks the 45th anniversary of Operation Homecoming, which secured the return of more than 550 American prisoners of war from Vietnam. This group that left Hanoi on February 12, 1973, included an American fighter pilot whose F–4 had been shot down over North Vietnam in 1966. When he ejected from his plane, he had suffered a broken arm, a broken back, and a dislocated shoulder, but that was only the start of his ordeal. This pilot spent nearly 7 years as a prisoner of war, enduring torture, abuse, and an incomprehensible 3 years in solitary confinement. For 18 months, he shared a cell with Senator JOHN MCCAINat the infamous ‘‘Hanoi Hilton.’’ For his service and heroism, he was awarded two Silver Stars, two Legions of Merit, the Distinguished Flying Cross, one Bronze Star with Valor, two Purple Hearts, and numerous other deserved awards. After that pilot returned home, he stated: ‘‘The freedoms that most Americans take for granted are, in fact, real and must be preserved. I have returned to a great nation, and our sacrifices have been well worth the effort. I pledge to continue to serve and fight to protect the freedoms and ideals that the United States stands for.’’ Well, we know that that pilot did continue to serve, not only in the military. He is a former combat warrior and prisoner of war, an American hero, and a Member of Congress. His name is SAMJOHNSON , and we are honored by his presence in the Chamber today. I want to thank Congressman JOHNSONfor introducing this resolution. But even more, we all, every American, want to thank him for his life of valor and service. 
H. Res. 129 is an opportunity to renew our pledge to our men and women in uniform and to the families of those who have gone missing in service to our country. We will leave no one behind, and we will not forget your solemn sacrifices laid upon the altar of freedom. I urge support for this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, February 12, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning H. Res. 129, a resolution ‘‘Calling on the Department of Defense, other appropriate elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to resolutely continue efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all United States personnel designated as unaccounted for from past wars and conflicts around the world.’’ There are certain provisions in the resolution which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your committee to proceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of H. Res. 129. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the resolution, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, February 12, 2018. Hon. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 129, which concerns efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccountedfor personnel of the United States, so that the resolution may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The suspension text of the resolution incorporates edits worked out with assistance from your committee. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I will seek to place our letters on H. Res. 129 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H. Res. 129 calling on the Department of Defense and other elements of the Federal Government and foreign governments to intensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccountedfor personnel of the United States. I rise in support of H. Res. 129, which affirms our government’s commitment to investigating and recovering missing American personnel. I especially want to thank Representative SAM JOHNSON , not only for introducing this resolution but for embodying our dedication to those who are captured or missing, whose service to this country, 7 years as a POW, three of those in solitary confinement, exemplify the highest honor of our military forces. I also want to thank Chairman ROYCE  for bringing this resolution forward. Our brave servicemembers risk their lives for our country every day, and when they go missing, we owe it to them never to give up. No matter how many years pass, no matter how many miles we must travel, our search for them must continue. More than 83,000 personnel of the United States are still unaccounted for around the world from past wars and conflicts. This is the equivalent of an entire city, and their families are mourning the loss of ones they hold dear. Although an estimated 50,000 of these are World War II personnel lost at sea and, sadly, unlikely to ever be recovered, we must continue our efforts whenever there is any possibility of discovering and recovering an American who has been lost in the service of our country. Our brave men and women expect that when they make the ultimate sacrifice, we will make extraordinary efforts to recover them, and if we don’t do exactly that, we are not only failing those families but also one of our military’s most sacred principles: ‘‘leave no man or woman behind.’’ We honor this principle because it reminds us that, unlike many of our enemies, whose soldiers are viewed as expendable pawns of the regime, we value each and every life. Those missing in action need to be returned home to their families where they belong. This resolution has a simple message for our government. It is time to intensify our efforts to investigate, recover, identify, and account as fully as possible for all those missing and unaccountedfor American personnel. It also urges foreign governments to cooperate with us in these important efforts so that every soldier, sailor, airman, and marine gets the homecoming they deserve. Thank you to all the men and women who have served and continue to serve our great country and the principles we stand for. I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ), the author of this measure, a former fighter pilot and prisoner of war, and a true American hero. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise and say: God bless you both. Thank you for what you said. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 129. This resolution I introduced calls for an intensified effort to account for the tens of thousands of American servicemembers who are still missing in action. Many folks don’t realize there are still more than 82,000 American servicemembers who remain unaccounted for. b1615 In fact, I, myself, was classified as missing in action for almost 2 years after my shootdown over north Vietnam in 1966. That is why it is so meaningful to have this resolution on the House floor during the 45th anniversary of Operation Homecoming, which brought me and my fellow Vietnam POWs back to our beloved country after many long years in hell on Earth. During my time as an MIA, my family was unsure where I was or whether I was even alive or dead. But my devoted wife, Shirley, and countless other families with the National League of POW/MIA Families continuously advocated for the return of all our POWs and MIAs from the Vietnam war. It is because of their tireless work, and by the grace of God, that my fellow POWs and I were reunited with our families 45 years ago this week. I am joined today by my two daughters, Gini and Beverly, who, along with my late wife, were a key part of the effort to bring us home. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the strength and devotion of my two lovely daughters, Gini and Beverly, who are seated in the gallery. But, Mr. Speaker, we must never forget our troops who still remain missing in action; and we must never forget their families, who anxiously await a final accounting of their loved ones. In many cases, so much time has gone by that it has fallen to the next generation to repatriate their missing family members. They deserve our dedicated help and support. After my return from Vietnam, I vowed to continue to fight for our missing troops and their families. During my time serving in the U.S.Russia Joint Commission on POW/MIAs, I traveled the world to places like Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, and even to the Russian military archives in Moscow to try to find our missing troops. And I will never stop fighting. For the families of our troops who remain missing in action, this resolution is for you. This resolution calls on the United States Government and the Department of Defense to diligently continue 
efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing U.S. personnel around the world. It also calls on foreign governments that have information on our missing personnel to cooperate fully with our government. We must remain united in our efforts to recover all of our missing troops and to never forget their sacrifice. I would also urge my colleagues to remember that, while I was in the Hanoi Hilton, the north Vietnamese told my fellow POWs and me that our country had forgotten us. As the days turned into years, we had to fight that fear. The feeling of being alone and forgotten is horrible. And the families of POWs and MIAs feel a similar pain. That is why I will continue to make every effort to repatriate my missing brothers and sisters in arms and hold true to the promise: ‘‘No Man Left Behind.’’ But I also call on all current and future Members of Congress to carry the mantle. We cannot, and must not, forget the faithful servicemen and women who deserve to be brought home to the country they gave their all to protect. It is my sincere hope that we will one day bring home all of America’s missing patriots. These heroes deserve to return to American soil with all of our honor and respect. And their families deserve the closure of their loved ones that they have awaited for for so long. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the support of all of my colleagues and that they join me in supporting this important resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would gently remind Members to refrain from referencing persons in the gallery. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations; and a longstanding leader on behalf of veterans’ issues. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of SAMJOHNSON ’s resolution and join the House in honoring a truly heroic man who has suffered so much for our country, and I thank him for that. I would say to my colleagues, having read and observed SAMfor so many years, words are inadequate—they are truly inadequate—to describe his courage, his tenacity, his faith in God, and his valor. He is really a hero who stands above with few peers. Mr. Speaker, I thank SAMfor his leadership and for being who he is. I also thank his family. It is just a privilege to know him and to be up here supporting legislation that he has sponsored for a full and thorough accounting of all of our POWs and MIAs. As Members know, access to the battlefield during and after war is important. With regards to Japan, Italy, and Nazi Germany, we had access after the last shot was fired. Indeed, today we are close friends and allies. So those who are missing in action or POWs are more likely to be presumed dead if not found. That is not the case, Mr. Speaker, when it comes to North Korea, where there is no access to the theatre of operations in the North and where we remain and the families remain in agony for decades about what happened to their loved ones. With regards to Vietnam, there were many live sightings of POWs especially after prisoners like SAMand others came home, people who were observed on the ground. I was part of the POW/ MIA task force in Congress in the 1980s. Jerry Solomon and others and I traveled to Vietnam to talk about those live sightings and the fact that the Vietnamese did not provide a full accounting. Many who were observed went missing, and we think they may have been executed by the Vietnamese long after the peace treaty was signed. We do have some cooperation, as we all know, to crash sites and the like. That is all good. It is certainly not enough. We do not have unfettered access to the battlefield, and that remains a reason why our great and distinguished colleague, SAMJOHNSON , is offering this resolution. We need to redouble our efforts. I would just point out for the record that SAMJOHNSON flew 62 combat missions in the Korean war and 25 missions in the Vietnam war before being shot down. He was in the Air Force for 29 years. He commanded two air bases, among other things. He is a lifelong fighter, student of war, combat warrior, a leader of men, and, of course, a prisoner of war. He spent, as my colleagues and I have all noted, nearly 7 years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, where torture was systematic. He endured that, overcame that, and, of course, with his faith, became a great inspiration to all of us as someone who has suffered so much, yet continues to have a strong faith in God and a faith in humanity. As he pointed out in a statement, he was 140 pounds when he was released and repatriated. He also pointed out that during his incarceration he was in solitary confinement and in leg stocks, like the pilgrims, as he put it, for 72 days. Then, the following day after he was let out, he couldn’t walk. He was then put in leg irons for 2
1⁄2years: a tight metal cuff around each ankle, with a foot long bar connecting the legs. He still has little feeling in the right arm and his right hand after those 2,500 days of horrific captivity. Again, he saw a silver lining because he still had a dream and hope for the future, which some people would have lost a long time ago and just given up— what an inspiration for today’s generation of a man who has suffered so much, has overcome so much, and remains an optimist deep in his heart. Again, words are inadequate to describe our colleague. SAMJOHNSON is the definition of courage. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, having no speakers on my side, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my voice to the voice of every other speaker on this resolution, for what an honor it has been to serve with SAMJOHNSON  and to see his example of service on the floor of this House every day. I want to reiterate the importance of this resolution. It sends a critical message to our military families that their sacrifices are not forgotten. Our government must never give up until every last American is returned to their families and to their homeland. Today, it is easy to think of Congress as a body divided between Republicans and Democrats, but, ultimately, we are all Americans, and each and every one of us owes a huge debt of gratitude to our troops serving today and those who have served in the past. Their valor and courage have defined our Nation’s course. We applaud them, we honor them, and we will do everything in our power to see that those who remain unaccountedfor are returned home. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As I close, I want to commend the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, which continues the noble work of accounting for our missing troops and personnel day in and day out around the world. I also want to express gratitude to those groups that continue to keep the home fires burning bright for the many families still awaiting concrete information on their loved ones. These include: The National League of POW/MIA Families; The American Legion; The Veterans of Foreign Wars; The Disabled American Veterans; The Jewish War Veterans; AMVETS; Vietnam Veterans of America; The Special Forces Association; The Special Operations Association; and Rolling Thunder. Finally, I, again, thank Congressman SAMJOHNSON for introducing this resolution and for exemplifying the ideals of service, sacrifice, and honor. He was recognized by his communist suppressors as one of the most stubborn prisoners, a true tribute of his courage. All Members of Congress, of both parties, cherish the service of Congressman SAMJOHNSON . Mr. Speaker, I urge support for H. Res. 129, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, fortyfive years ago, after the signing of the 1973 Paris Peace Accords, 556 American military personnel and twentyfive civilians boarded American C–141s 
and finally ended their long, extremely trying captivity in Vietnam. For most Americans, Operation Homecoming marked the end of U.S. involvement in the Vietnam conflict. However, the heroes that survived torture and mistreatment within Vietnamese prison camps, such as the infamous ‘‘Hanoi Hilton,’’ know that the job is not finished. One of our most sacred vows to members of our Armed Services is that no American soldier will be left behind on the field of battle. None understand this better than the gentleman from Texas, Congressman SAMJOHNSON—fighter pilot, prisoner of war, and American hero. Colonel SAMJOHNSON ’S29 years in the Air Force was marked with valor and selfless service. A combat veteran of both the Korean and Vietnam conflicts, he was twice awarded the Silver Star, our nation’s third highest award for gallantry in action, and the Distinguished Flying Cross for valor and heroism in aerial flight, in his more than eighty career combat missions. Since regaining his freedom 45 years ago, Congressman JOHNSON has remained a staunch advocate for veterans and their families, as attested by being awarded the National Patriot award, the Congressional Medal of Honor Society’s highest civilian accolade, for his tireless work to help improve livelihoods and to provide closure for families of missing U.S. soldiers. The Department of Defense estimates that more than 82,000 U.S. personnel have still not been accounted for from previous wars and conflicts. We must ensure that we do everything we can to fulfill the promise to our nation’s heroes: that we will not leave anyone behind on foreign battlefields. As this resolution importantly recognizes, cooperation with foreign governments is key to efforts to recover, identify, and account for all missing U.S. personnel. I thank the gentleman from Texas, SAMJOHNSON , for his life of service, and for authoring this legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 129, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1630 LOWDOSE RADIATION RESEARCH ACT OF 2018 Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4675) to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a low dose radiation basic research program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4675 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘LowDose Radiation Research Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4675, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4675, the LowDose Radiation Research Act of 2018. H.R. 4675 requires the Department of Energy to carry out a research program on lowdose radiation within the Office of Science. This program will increase our understanding of the health effects that low doses of ionizing radiation have on biological systems. Every day, humans are exposed to low doses of radiation. It is the product of industrial activities, commercial processes, medical procedures, and naturally occurring systems. Research has consistently shown us the adverse health effects associated with high doses of radiation, but the health risks associated with exposure to low doses of radiation are much 
more difficult to observe, and we are a long way away from understanding and accurately assessing this risk. In the absence of conclusive evidence, agencies like the Department of Energy, the Food and Drug Administration, and the Environmental Protection Agency are obligated to assume that any exposure to radiation increases the risk of harmful human effects. Without additional research, Federal agencies have no way to measure if there is a safe radiation exposure threshold. Our restricted understanding of low dose radiation health risks directly impairs our ability to address potential radiological events and medically based radiation exposures. It may also result in overly stringent regulatory standards, inhibiting the development of nuclear energy opportunities and posing an undue economic burden on the American people. As a physician in my home State of Kansas, I have a firsthand understanding of the crucial importance of verified research to ensure the best medical outcomes for my patients. For instance, an adult patient who receives a computed tomography, or a CT scan, of the abdomen and pelvis is exposed to approximately 3 years’ worth of natural background radiation at once. The CT scan is an invaluable diagnostic tool, replacing many invasive surgical procedures, and is a medical necessity for countless Americans. Today, we physicians are unable to inform our patients of the specific risks associated with these types of vital imaging processes. There is a broad consensus among the radiobiology community that more research is necessary for Federal agencies, physicians, and related experts to make better informed decisions regarding these risks. It is no surprise that H.R. 4675 has received support from the Health Physics Society, the American Association of Physicists in Medicine, the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements, the Radiation Research Society, the American Society for Radiation Oncology, and leading researchers from Northwestern University and Columbia University. I would especially like to thank Chairman LAMAR SMITH, Representative DANLIPINSKI , and Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY WEBER for cosponsoring this important legislation. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4675, the LowDose Radiation Research Act of 2018. The Department of Energy funds cuttingedge research across a variety of disciplines. For many years, DOE stewarded research into lowdose radiation exposure. This included studies into the effects of radiation exposure in higher risk populations and the examination of the changes that a cell undergoes when exposed to lowdose radiation. These research investments resulted in notable advancements in this field and significantly expanded our understanding of radiation exposure. Over the past several years, this research program was ramped up and eventually eliminated—or ramped down. However, there is much more that should be explored, and the Department of Energy is best positioned to lead this effort in coordination with other Federal agencies that have a stake in this work. Expanding our understanding of low dose radiation could improve how we utilize medical diagnostic tools or change how we regulate nuclear power plants. Radiation is all around us every day. When we fly on a plane or walk into a building made of limestone, much like the one we are in now, we experience a small increase in our radiation exposure, but we still don’t have an answer to the fundamental question of what that means for our health. Are there healthy levels of radiation exposure or are they all directly tied to an increased risk of cancer? What is an acceptable level for long term human health? The answers to these fundamental questions can only be found by properly investing in the research field. I am hopeful that reconstituting this program at DOE will lead to more scientific advancements and will expand humankind’s understanding of radiation exposure. DOE is the right place to do this work, and the benefits should be numerous and invaluable. I want to thank Mr. MARSHALL for introducing this bill, and I strongly support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), my friend and mentor, the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I would like to thank the gentleman from Kansas, Dr. ROGER  MARSHALL , the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology, for yielding me time on his bill, H.R. 4675, the LowDose Radiation Research Act of 2018. H.R. 4675, cosponsored by Representative DAN LIPINSKI , Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY WEBER , and Dr. NEALDUNN, authorizes a revitalized lowdose radiation research program within the Biological and Environmental Research program of the Department of Energy. This basic research is part of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s continued effort to ensure America remains a leader in foundational science and innovation. The DOE lowdose radiation basic research program will analyze and seek to determine any health impacts of low levels of radiation, providing critical knowledge to our Nation’s researchers, industry, healthcare community, and military as they handle nuclear material, maintain the Nation’s nuclear weapons program, provide medical treatment, and dispose of nuclear waste. Lowdose radiation research can benefit regulatory agencies that set nuclear safety standards for the public. This will enable Federal emergency response agencies to more accurately set areas of evacuation for radiological incidents. The research is also of particular importance to physicians, who rely on a thorough knowledge of radiation health risks to determine when and how to use lifesaving diagnostics to detect and deter and treat cancer in patients. I thank Vice Chairman MARSHALL for his initiative in developing and managing this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Congressman MARSHALL ’s bill coming up today. I rise, Mr. Speaker, in support of H.R. 4675, the LowDose Radiation Research Act of 2018. This legislation authorizes a research program on the health effects of lowdose radiation within the Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Currently, key functions of the United States nuclear and medical industries are guided by assumption based radiation dose limits and protections. In order to best serve our Nation’s energy, medical, and defense needs, we need foundational research in radiology and biology to directly define the impact of low doses of radiation. The United States should not rely on a ‘‘best approximation’’ when it comes to our nuclear regulatory policies. Mr. Speaker, today we have an opportunity to ensure that we as a nation are doing everything we can to make certain that the regulations, the guidelines, and the protections that we put in place are grounded in sound science. Again, I want to thank Congressman MARSHALL for introducing this important legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of the bill. I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 4675 authorizes a critical research program in radiation biology and will help ensure that we are basing our industrial, commercial, and medical regulations on the best available science. 
I want to once again thank my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who have cosponsored H.R. 4675, including Chairman LAMAR SMITH, Representative D AN LIPINSKI , and Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY WEBER . I also want to thank the numerous researchers and stakeholders who provided feedback as we developed this legislation. I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4675, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ACCELERATING AMERICAN LEADERSHIP IN SCIENCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4377) to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4377 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4377, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge support for H.R. 4377, the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act. This legislation is another key component in today’s package of bills that maintains the American commitment to the basic scientific research necessary to advance our economy and maintain our national defense. I commend Chairman SMITH for his work on these bills and his support for the underlying bill. I also thank my colleagues from Illinois for their bipartisan support of this legislation, as well as the ranking member for her support. 
The Department of Energy operates and maintains a number of user facilities open to the broader research community which no one university or business could ever bring together. I have seen firsthand in Illinois the impact of these kinds of investments that they provide to the American public. It was at Fermilab that the magnets were developed for the modern MRI machines we have all taken advantage of, and this was just an unintended by product of basic scientific research by physicists trying to examine the smallest building blocks of matter. b1645 This legislation authorizes funding for the LongBaseline Neutrino Facility, going between Fermilab and the Sanford Lab in Lead, South Dakota, more than a mile underground. This project is an important milestone in American science, serving as the first major internationally hosted facility in the United States. Having already gained the support of more than 1,000 scientists from 30 different countries, this is a successful model for how large science will be done in the future. Not only have we gained the support of the broader scientific community, but we have seen the investment from CERN for the first time outside of their lab, and the U.K. has already pledged $88 million to be a part. When America chooses to lead in these scientific fields, we bring the world with us and remain the single location for the best and brightest to continue doing their groundbreaking work. It has been inspirational just to be a part of this process. This legislation also authorizes funding for upgrades at the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Lab. I have had the pleasure to see the work happening at this lab, which my two colleagues and cosponsors from Illinois represent. The Advanced Photon Source is the premier facility for Xray science in the United States. Nearly 6,000 researchers access this facility every year to do the kind of research that cannot be done at university campuses or industrial research facilities. Every year, more than 1,000 researchers from Illinois alone access this facility. With the wideranging applications for this facility, research coming from APS has led to two Nobel Prizes in chemistry and new treatments for HIV. The work they are contributing on to better understand the materials for new batteries are chipping away at the energy storage advancements we need for newer, zeroemission energy sources to reliably come online. These are the success stories we should be championing in Congress, and these are the kinds of results I want to continue seeing for future generations here in the United States. Another facility which this legislation authorizes upgrades for is the Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Spallation Neutron Source. Similar to the two previous projects, this has received unanimous support from the research community with the DOE’s Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee calling these upgrades ‘‘absolutely central to contribute to world leading science.’’ With the most intense pulsed neutron beam in the world, the Spallation Neutron Source will continue probing material properties at the atomic level so that we can build better materials, with uses from better batteries, more target cures, to cleaner water. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4377, Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2018. The Department of Energy is the home to the most advanced research facilities in the world. For decades, we have been able to provide scientists with the tools and resources to push the frontiers of innovation and answer the fundamental questions of science because we invested in our national laboratories, universities, and public private partnerships in science and technology. Unfortunately, we face budget proposals from this administration that seem to be completely out of touch with that rich history and the realities of our global competition. This bill will put statutory requirements in place mandating that the Department of Energy fund crucial updates to use the facilities. The Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee recommended many of these upgrades to the DOE in a 2016 report. In this bill, the Argonne National Laboratory would be authorized to upgrade the capabilities of the Advanced Photon Source. This upgrade will greatly advance our ability to determine the atomic and electronic structure of materials, molecular systems, and their chemical reactions. The insight gained in these important experiments can be transformative for science and for our economy and for our wellbeing. The bill also includes upgrades to the Spallation Neutron Source of Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The suite will soon be home to the most advanced neutron source in the world. If we hope to maintain our leadership in neutron science, these two upgrades are critical. Finally, this bill authorizes the LongBaseline Neutrino Facility, the centerpiece of the international collaboration on the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment. U.S. leadership on this project is vital to maintaining our reputation as the world’s leader in fundamental physical sciences research. Funding these facilities is planting the seeds of innovation and knowledge for future generations. The fruit from these investments will benefit our society for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bill and I encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the distinguished chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) for yielding me time on his bill, H.R. 4377, the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act. Mr. Speaker, this legislation, cosponsored by Representative BILLFOSTER , Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY WEBER , Energy Subcommittee Vice Chairman STEVE KNIGHT , and Representative DANLIPINSKI , authorizes funding from within the DOE’s Office of Science’s existing budget to complete construction of three science infrastructure projects. The bill authorizes upgrades to the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Lab and the Spallation Neutron Source at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. It also funds the construction of the LongBaseline Neutrino Facility, which will be the premier international facility in highenergy physics. The Advanced Photon Source is one of the most advanced radiation research facilities in the world. It produces ultrabright, highenergy Xray beams that allow scientists to study the structure and behavior of materials, which enables the development of new technologies and pharmaceuticals. The upgrade authorized at Argonne in the Hultgren bill will use new technology to increase the brightness of photon beams, allowing researchers to observe materials at extremely small scales. The Spallation Neutron Source at Oak Ridge National Laboratory is a oneofakind neutron scattering facility that provides the most intense pulsed neutron beams in the world for scientific research and industrial development. This source of brighter, more intense neutrons enables scientists to make sensitive measurements in complex environments with higher resolution and speed than any existing neutron facility. H.R. 4377 authorizes a power upgrade and a second target station to build on the success of the Spallation Neutron Source. The proton power upgrade will double the energy of the beam. The second target station will double the number of beam lines at the facility, significantly expanding the number of instrument stations and opportunities for cuttingedge neutron scattering research at Oak Ridge. Combined, the authorized enhancements to the Advanced Photon Source and Spallation Neutron Source will allow these research tools to reach 
their full potential and provide for worldleading Basic Energy Sciences programs here in the U.S. Representative HULTGREN ’s bill also authorizes the LongBaseline Neutrino Facility at Fermilab, a national accelerator lab. The LBNF will consist of the world’s highest intensity neutrino beam and a suite of cryogenic near detectors to run the Deep Underground Neutrino Experiment. This experiment will measure the neutrino beam generated at LBNF on innovative, far detectors located 800 miles away at the Sanford Underground Research Facility in Lead, South Dakota. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative HULTGREN for his initiative in developing this legislation. His longstanding support of basic research and investments in these bestintheworld science facilities is well known. H.R. 4377 is a commonsense bill that maintains American leadership in discovery science. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman HULTGREN for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4377, the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act of 2018. This legislation authorizes very important upgrades to DOE photon and neutron sources at two national labs. In addition, it funds the construction of the LongBaseline Neutrino Facility, the first international highenergy physics facility located in the United States of America. Over 1,000 scientists from 30 countries are already collaborating on this project. Let me repeat that: over 1,000 scientists from 30 countries are already collaborating on this very important project. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my colleague, Congressman HULTGREN , for introducing this important legislation and for his continued support of the national labs. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I again want to reiterate my support for this important legislation to keep the United States at the forefront of discovery and fundamental research. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support. I encourage passage of H.R. 4377, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4377, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
NUCLEAR ENERGY RESEARCH INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4378) to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile reactorbased fast neutron source, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4378 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4378, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018. Over the past 3 years, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has held hearings, met with stakeholders, and worked extensively with our colleagues in the Senate to draft the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, the precursor to today’s bill. This comprehensive, bipartisan authorization bill directed the Department of Energy—DOE—to invest in supercomputing capabilities, created a framework for DOE to partner with the private sector to host prototype development for advanced reactors, and laid out a clear timeline and parameters for the DOE to build that research reactor. Mr. Speaker, this bill passed the House three times last Congress, and passed the House again in January as a part of H.R. 589, known as the DOE Research and Innovation Act. The research reactor, or Versatile Neutron Source, authorized in that bill, Mr. Speaker, is crucial for the development of advanced reactor designs, materials, and nuclear fuels. This type of research requires access to fast neutrons, which are currently only available for civilian research in Russia. b1700 While modeling and simulation can accelerate R&D, nuclear energy research must be validated through a physical source, Mr. Speaker, like a reactor. The bill which we will consider today, H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act, authorizes specific funding from within the DOE Office of Nuclear Energy for the construction of that versatile neutron source. 
Building this openaccess user facility in the DOE national lab system will facilitate nuclear energy research in the United States. The access to fast neutrons that this reactor provides can support private sector development of the next generation materials and fuels needed for advanced nuclear reactor technology. The versatile neutron source will also enable the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to verify data on new fuels, materials, and designs more efficiently, which will expedite regulatory approval for those advanced nuclear reactors. Without this user facility, Mr. Speaker, this research simply will not take place, and we cannot afford to lose the ability to develop an innovative nuclear technology right here at home. This bill will also help maintain America’s capability to influence security and proliferation standards around the world by maintaining cuttingedge nuclear science. Mr. Speaker, as more developing nations look to nuclear energy to grow their economies, our role in protecting nuclear technology grows. By building this user facility, we will fortify the U.S. commitment to safely advancing nuclear energy. H.R. 4378 is a commonsense bill. It will maintain American leadership in nuclear power. I want to thank Ranking Member JOHNSON and Chairman S MITH for cosponsoring this important legislation and for their leadership in advocating for nuclear energy research and development. I am very grateful for the opportunity to work with my fellow Texans to guide research that will keep America not only safe, but globally competitive. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act, and I am pleased to cosponsor this bill. Mr. Speaker, this legislation marks another accomplishment in our committee’s strong bipartisan effort to support the development of advanced nuclear energy technologies. Today, nuclear power plays a vital role in providing our country with clean, reliable energy; but there are currently technical, economic, and policy challenges that prevent this resource from playing a larger role in enabling our clean energy future. This bill, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act, would help address these challenges. It expands on a provision included in another bill that I cosponsored with Mr. WEBER and the chairman, H.R. 431, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, which passed the House early last year on a voice vote as part of yet another bill that I cosponsored with these two gentlemen, H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act. The bill before us today would provide the Department of Energy with the direction and funding it needs to create a national user facility with critical capabilities to enable the development of a wide range of advanced nuclear energy concepts here in the United States. I am hopeful that, if we provide our scientists and industry leaders with the right tools, they can fulfill the promise of clean nuclear energy that is significantly safer, less expensive, more efficient, and produces less waste than the current fleet of reactors. Mr. Speaker, I also strongly support the inclusion of explicit funding levels as part of this authorization. Providing the Department and congressional appropriators with a funding profile for research activities and projects is a crucial responsibility in our role as the authorizing committee. In particular, it helps ensure that the construction of cuttingedge research facilities like this one have the resources they need to be completed on time and on budget, thus, making sure that the U.S. taxpayers who are footing these bills are getting the most value of their hardearned dollars. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle as we strive to strengthen America’s research enterprise across the board. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of the full Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, Representative RANDY WEBER , for yielding me time on his bill, which is H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act. H.R. 4378, cosponsored by full committee Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Energy Subcommittee Vice Chairman STEVE KNIGHT , Representative DANLIPINSKI , and Representative RANDY HULTGREN , authorizes funds within the DOE Nuclear Energy budget to construct their versatile neutron source, a DOE fast neutron user facility that will facilitate the development of the next generation of nuclear reactors by the private sector. This legislation builds on and implements Chairman WEBER ’s Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, which passed the House three times with bipartisan support in the last Congress. Advanced nuclear reactor technology provides the best opportunity to make reliable, emissionfree electricity available throughout the industrial and developing world. This user facility will ensure that U.S. companies develop critical advanced reactor technology here in the United States. Today, the only source of fast neutrons available for civilian research is in Russia, making it impossible for American entrepreneurs to conduct the testing and validation needed to deploy commercial advanced reactors. America must also maintain our edge in nuclear science in order to influence global nonproliferation standards. The user facility authorized in this legislation will ensure the next generation of nuclear technology is safely developed here at home. This allows America to export nuclear technology which helps prevent civilian nuclear energy technology from being misused for weapons development overseas. I want to thank this bill’s cosponsors, Chairman WEBER and Ranking Member JOHNSON , for their longstanding support of nuclear energy innovation and commitment to ensure that we have the best nuclear research facilities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. It is a bipartisan piece of legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4378 is vital to ensuring America’s leadership in nuclear innovation. By harnessing the unique expertise of our Nation’s national labs, the private sector can take the lead in developing groundbreaking advanced nuclear technology. I especially want to thank my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who have cosponsored H.R. 4378, including Chairman LAMAR SMITH, Representative D AN LIPINSKI , Representative S TEVE  KNIGHT , and Representative R ANDY  HULTGREN . I also want to thank the dozens of researchers and stakeholders who have provided feedback as we developed this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this commonsense, bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TIPTON). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4378, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 4376) to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4376 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4376, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018. H.R. 4376 will support the research infrastructure needed to conduct leading basic energy science and nuclear physics research initiatives here in the U.S. by authorizing upgrades in construction of major user facilities at the Department of Energy, DOE, national labs and universities. The Advanced Light Source, ALS, at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory is a specialized particle accelerator that generates bright beams of Xray light for scientific research. The proposed upgrade to this facility will ensure that DOE can maintain ALS’ status as a worldclass Xray facility and allow scientists to study the structure and behavior of materials at extremely small scales. The Linac Coherent Light Source, LCLS, is the world’s first hard Xray, freeelectron laser. The upgrade to this facility located at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory at Stanford University will provide a major jump in imaging capability and will enable researchers to perform groundbreaking experiments in chemistry, in materials, in biology, and in energy. The Facility for Rare Isotope Beams at Michigan State University is a one ofakind linear accelerator facility that will allow researchers to study rare isotopes and their properties. This facility will support research that expands our understanding of atomic structures and could facilitate discoveries in medicine and even in physics. H.R. 4376 reaffirms the Federal Government’s key role in basic science research. My home State of Texas has long been a world leader in advanced science and technology, and it is home to millions of entrepreneurs eager to take advantage of the best research facilities in the world. These user facility upgrades will give the private sector the tools they need to develop breakthrough technologies in medicine, manufacturing, and energy. Investing in this research infrastructure will also help train the next generation of researchers in chemistry, physics, and materials science. Here in Congress, it is our responsibility to take the longterm view and be patient, making smart investments that can lead to the next big discovery. This bill funds the research infrastructure necessary to make those very discoveries possible. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman L AMAR SMITH, Representative D AN LIPINSKI , Energy Vice Chairman S TEVE  KNIGHT , and Representative R ANDY  HULTGREN for joining me as original cosponsors of this very important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, the legislation includes authorizations of important upgrades to the worldclass Department of Energy user facilities at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. These upgrades will enable academic and industrial users to examine and develop advanced materials and chemical processes for a wide range of applications, from advanced batteries to high temperature superconductors to next generations pharmaceuticals. b1715 This bill also directs DOE to build a new cuttingedge facility that was 
competitively selected to be sited at Michigan State University. This facility will enable researchers to advance our fundamental understanding of the nature of rare nuclear isotopes, with impacts in fields ranging from nuclear astrophysics to medicine. Our laboratories are the crown jewels of American innovation, and the user driven science facilities at those labs and at our universities are the foundation on which our leadership in science is built. I am very pleased to support this bipartisan effort to expand our research capabilities at DOE, and I hope this is an area in which we can continue to work together. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), who is the very honorable chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. We are going to lose Chairman SMITH, and we ought to start researching now to replace him. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas, the Energy Subcommittee chairman, for those nice comments and for yielding me time on this bill. H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act, is an important piece of legislation introduced by Congressman STEVE KNIGHT from California. The Department of Energy is the leading sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences, and DOE national labs host over 30,000 researchers each year. To maintain America’s global leadership in scientific discovery, we must ensure our user facilities are the best in the world. This bill is also cosponsored by Representative DANLIPINSKI , Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY WEBER , and Representative RANDY HULTGREN , and it authorizes funding from within the DOE Office of Science’s existing budget to complete construction of three science infrastructure projects. The bill provides for upgrades to the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab and to the Linac Coherent Light Source at the National Accelerator Laboratory at Stanford University. The Knight bill also authorizes and directs the construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams at Michigan State University through the DOE nuclear physics program. All together, the enhanced capabilities made possible by this bill provide significant breakthroughs in discovery science and maintain America’s high tech leadership. I thank the Energy Subcommittee chairman and the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) for their initiatives in developing and managing this legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. WEBER of Texas. It is my distinct honor now to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act of 2018. This legislation authorizes important upgrades to DOE light sources that support the research infrastructure needed to conduct leading initiatives in chemistry, physics, biology, medicine, and manufacturing. In addition, this bill authorizes a unique user facility that will allow researchers to study rare isotopes and their properties. These upgrades at DOE’s bestinthe world user facilities will facilitate discovery science and bring the best and brightest scientists in the world to the U.S. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman SMITH and the Energy Subcommittee for introducing this important legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4376 authorizes critical investments in research infrastructure at our national labs and universities and will ensure the next big discoveries in physical sciences, manufacturing, medicine, and energy can happen right here in these United States. I want to thank, again, the sponsors of this bill and also thank the researchers and stakeholders that provided feedback as we developed this legislation. I certainly want to thank Congressman KNIGHT from California. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this commonsense, bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4376, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BUILDING BLOCKS OF STEM ACT Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3397) to direct the National Science Foundation to support STEM education research focused on early childhood, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3397 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
In awarding grants under the Discovery Research PreK–12 program, the Director shall consider age distribution in order to more equitably allocate funding for research studies with a focus on early childhood. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3397, as amended, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to speak on an important policy to improve our Nation’s STEM education. H.R. 3397 is a bipartisan bill that I am proud to sponsor with Ms. ROSEN , and it fits in with a larger set of education and workforce improvement legislation the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has recently reported to address critical challenges to our STEM workforce. Investing in our children and their futures is always an opportunity for good. Strategically expanding the reach of our STEM education programs to children of all ages will improve more individuals with aptitude are engaged and stay on their educational path. Research shows that kids as young as 1, 2, or 3 are capable of absorbing STEM concepts. And any parent can tell you that shortly after kids learn to talk, the questions can be endless. Children have a natural curiosity that can be fostered into an interest in science, technology, engineering, math, and computer science. This bill directs NSF to more equitably allocate funding for research in studies that focus on early childhood. Investing in children early ensures we are laying the groundwork to develop young innovators in STEM. I would like to thank Ms. ROSEN for her work on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3397, the Building Blocks of STEM Act. I want to thank Ms. ROSEN for her leadership on this issue. Drawing upon her experience as a girl who codes, Ms. ROSEN has been a strong champion for creating more opportunities for talented girls and women interested in computer science. I commend Ms. ROSEN for her efforts on this critically important issue. The demand for computer science expertise is on the rise in all sectors of the economy. To ensure that we have the capacity to meet that demand, we must do more to leverage all of our human capital to tackle the technological challenges of the future. Research shows us that girls as young as 6 years old are adopting genderbased stereotypes that discourage them from engaging in STEM activities, including computer science. H.R. 3397 directs NSF to support research into factors that contribute to the early adoption of these stereotypes. The bill also directs NSF to support the design, development, and implementation of scalable models for intervention to prevent or reverse the effects of these negative and false stereotypes. I strongly support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), who is the chairman of the 
Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from California, a member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for yielding me time on this particular piece of legislation. I do support H.R. 3397, the Building Blocks of STEM Act, introduced by Representative JACKY ROSEN and Representative STEVE KNIGHT , the Energy Subcommittee vice chairman. The bill will help boost our ability to get young people interested in STEM subjects. America lags behind many other nations when it comes to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. American students are ranked 19th in science and 31st in math out of 35 industrialized nations, the bottom half in both. This is not the educational record of a country that wants to compete globally. We must encourage our Nation’s youth to study science and engineering so they will want to pursue these careers. More graduates with STEM degrees means more advanced technologies and a more robust economy. A welleducated and trained STEM workforce promotes our future economic prosperity. These graduates have the potential to develop technologies that could save thousands of lives, jumpstart a new industry, or even discover new worlds. H.R. 3397 directs the National Science Foundation to more equitably allocate funding for research in studies that focus on early childhood. Investing in young students seeks to lay the groundwork to interest them in STEM in their formative years. The bill also directs the National Science Foundation to develop scalable models to increase young girls’ participation in computer science. Despite representing nearly half of the college educated and total U.S. workforce, women account for less than 25 percent of America’s STEM workforce. In the last Congress, my bill, the STEM Education Act of 2015, was signed into law. That bipartisan legislation expanded the Federal definition of STEM to include computer science. H.R. 3397 continues the bipartisan commitment of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee to promote computer science as a part of STEM by adding computer science to the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program. I thank Representative JACKY ROSEN  and Representative STEVE KNIGHT for working together on this bill. I also thank the chairwoman of the Research and Technology Subcommittee, Mrs. COMSTOCK , for her work to improve the underlying legislation by offering the Supporting Girls in STEM Education and Computer Science amendment. Including today’s five research bills, 20 of the 22 bills the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has brought to the House floor this Congress have been bipartisan pieces of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support these five bipartisan bills. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ). Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 3397, the Building Blocks of STEM Act, which also includes my Code Like a Girl Act. I first want to thank my Republican colleague, STEVE KNIGHT , for working with me and coleading this important legislation and our Science, Space, and Technology Committee chairman, LAMAR SMITH, for helping move this bill through committee. I am proud to see both of my STEM education proposals come to the floor with wide bipartisan support. STEM and computer science are central to our country’s innovation, economic growth, and employment. Across the country, we are continuing to see a huge demand for workers in the tech industry, including software developers, engineers, and computer programmers like myself. I built my career in STEM—a field that has long been dominated by men— so I know all too well that the demand for talent in STEM is real. In my home State of Nevada, tech companies like Tesla, Switch, and Google are leading the way to create the jobs of the future. Even across all industries, about 15 percent of jobs in Nevada require a high level of knowledge in at least one STEM field. Despite these increasing opportunities in STEM careers, not enough Americans possess the education and skills necessary to succeed. This disparity between computing and scientific talent and employer demand really starts as far back as elementary school. Studies have found that children who engage in scientific activities from an early age will develop positive attitudes toward science and are more likely to pursue STEM careers later on. In fact, interviews with current graduate students and scientists found that the majority of them reported that their interest in science began before middle school. b1730 The bill before us today, the Building Blocks of STEM Act, will ensure that we are investing in our children as early as possible by directing the National Science Foundation to equitably distribute funding across age groups. Specifically, this bill would direct funding to include early childhood education in the Discovery Research PreK–12 program, which seeks to enhance the learning and teaching of STEM and address the immediate challenges facing preK through 12 STEM education. Currently, the Discovery Research PreK–12 program focuses the majority of its research on students in middle school or older. Since having access to handson STEM experiences as early as possible is important for continued interest, my bill will ensure that NSF focuses on engaging our Nation’s children in STEM education even younger, specifically, those under the age of 11. H.R. 3397 also includes the text of another STEM bill of mine, the Code Like a Girl Act, which I introduced with the support of my Republican colead, Congresswoman ELISE STEFANIK . It is also cosponsored by Subcommittee on Research and Technology Chairwoman BARBARA COMSTOCK and Committee on Science, Space, and Technology Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ; and I would like to thank them both for their support. This legislation is for our girls, girls like Isabel, an eighth grader from my district who loves STEM. She is on her high school robotics team. Last year, for a school project, she proposed a new monitoring system to accurately assess the fire issues at Yellowstone National Park. This past summer, I received a letter from Isabel, and in her letter to me, she offered an idea on how to increase and improve solar energy in Nevada. I wrote back to Isabel and later had the opportunity to meet her and her family in person. I thanked her for her advocacy and let her know that we will only move forward in this country by inspiring young minds to create, innovate, and imagine the future. Isabel is one of the young girls we are fighting for today. Young girls should know that they are more capable of succeeding in STEM and that they can grow up to be the next Grace Hopper or Katherine Johnson. This bill will help bridge that divide and close the gender gap that, for too long, has deprived young women from achieving their full potential. These young, talented minds could be working on our Nation’s most challenging problems by inventing the next breakthrough technology, founding future startup companies, improving access to healthcare with computing, and even keeping our Nation safe from cyber attacks. The Code Like a Girl Act would create two NSF programs to encourage young girls to pursue computer science. As we all know, the gender gap in the STEM workforce is widening. Women only hold about 26 percent of STEM jobs, even though they make up more than half of the U.S. workforce. This gender disparity extends down through all levels of education. In 2015, approximately 23 percent of AP computer science exam takers were girls. And gender stereotypes begin at a very early age. Studies have shown that, at around 6 years old, girls develop the belief that brilliance is a male characteristic, and this negative stereotype is shown to have an immediate effect as girls start to lose their interest in activities they perceive as requiring brilliance. Another study found that young children, both boys and girls, already believe that boys are better than girls at 
robotics and programming. It is unclear where precisely this stereotype originates from, but implicit biases can have a negative impact on a girl’s academic achievement in math and science and on their future decisions to enroll in advanced courses in these subjects. The Code Like a Girl Act addresses this issue by creating NSF grants to increase understanding of the factors that contribute to the participation of young girls 10 and younger in STEM and computer science activities. This bill also creates a grant program to develop and evaluate interventions in preK and elementary school classrooms with the goal of increasing participation of young girls in computer science. Some of these activities may include teacher training and professional development, classroom programs on genderinclusive teaching practices, and providing mentors for girls to support their computer science aspirations. We know that young girls are interested in science, math, and computing, but we need to make sure that, as they grow older, they stay involved and engaged. We also know that knowledge of computer science and use of technology is becoming increasingly essential for all individuals, not just those planning to work in the technology sector. STEM education cultivates students’ curiosity, their creativity. It teaches them to work as a team and fosters critical thinking skills that are fundamental for success in any field. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will help invest in our students. It will help them rise to meet the challenges of a changing economy that increasingly relies on highly skilled labor and technology. I am proud to stand for our students before this Chamber because, together, we are making smart investments that will help our children succeed, smart investments so that we can help our communities build more effective workforces and a stronger, competitive economy. For these reasons, I am proud that my Building Blocks of STEM Act, including the text of my Code Like a Girl Act, is being considered today. With the passage of these bills, we are one step closer to bridging the current gaps in STEM education and workforce training. Building the blocks for careers in STEM will prepare Nevadans and all Americans for better jobs and help us meet the demands of our 21st century economy. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, investing and encouraging early education in STEM are needs that we know are here now and even more in the future. I want to thank Ms. ROSEN for her leadership in this role. It is absolutely something that is bipartisan. It is something that Congress is behind. I can tell you, just on a personal note, Lancaster High School came out with their robotics team more than a decade ago, 100 percent boys. Just a short period after that, about 4 or 5 years, they were 50 percent girls, 50 percent boys, and they were winning awards all over the country. That was because we had great teachers there who pushed and made sure that girls knew that they could be on the robotics team and pulled them in. That is exactly what we are talking about: investing and encouraging. I urge passage of this good bill. This is bipartisan. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3397, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXTENDING GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES PROGRAM Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4979) to extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4979 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4979, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak today in support of H.R. 4979, a bill to 
extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program. This bipartisan bill helps keep U.S. companies globally competitive by eliminating tariffs on certain imports from developing countries in a manner that does not hurt U.S. producers. GSP saved U.S. companies more than $865 million in import duties in 2017, providing benefits to thousands of companies and their employees as well as their customers. GSP also provides an important enforcement tool to require all 121 beneficiary developing countries to continue to make progress on eligibility criteria set by Congress. These include critical issues like intellectual property protection, market access for U.S. exporters, and elimination of the worst forms of child labor. In my home State of Washington, GSP saved companies about $11 million in import duties in 2017, and that is up 30 percent from 2016. As just one example, TRInternational, a small but quickly growing, veteranowned chemical distributor in Seattle, relies on GSP to obtain certain chemical raw materials at globally competitive prices. Our last renewal of GSP in 2015 allowed TRI to hire more employees and invest in more equipment. Many of TRI’s customers are U.S. manufacturers, and TRI’s use of GSP to obtain raw materials at lower prices also makes these manufacturers more competitive. For TRI and other Washington companies like Rain City Music that use the GSP program, their employees, and American consumers, GSP provides significant benefits. And of course, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bill, and I am pleased to be working with my good friend BILLPASCRELL , who joins us here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to stand here with my chairman from the great State of Washington, (Mr. REICHERT ). This is a bipartisan bill. The Generalized System of Preferences expired December 31, 2017. I rise today to urge my colleagues to support the legislation that would renew what I consider a very important program. This is a longstanding trade program, Mr. Speaker, that has enjoyed broad bipartisan support since 1974. Since the GSP already expired, it is imperative that we extend the program now. While this bill makes slight technical corrections, no real substantive changes were made in the existing program. I am open to having a debate on modifications that would enhance GSP in the future. I would have liked to have had it before this debate, had the time that we are debating right now and not have let the program expire, but, unfortunately, I am not in control of the calendar. I am pleased, however, that we agreed to work to renew this program in its current form on a bipartisan, bicameral basis. Established by the Trade Act of 1974, GSP promotes economic development by eliminating duties on thousands of products when imported from one of approximately 120 designated beneficiary countries and territories. This program not only supports American competitiveness and economic opportunity, but it also encourages developing countries in the program to adopt high labor standards, intellectual property rights, and the rule of law. So, as part of the current program, the committee known as the GSP Subcommittee of the Trade Policy Staff Committee conducts an annual review of the articles, an annual review of all the countries that are involved, that are eligible for dutyfree treatment under this program. This committee is chaired by the United States Trade Representative and comprised of representatives of other executive branch agencies. The law requires that the President take into account several factors when designating a country as eligible for GSP. These factors include whether a country has taken or is taking steps to afford workers internationally recognized worker rights—that is what the law says—and the extent to which a country is providing adequate and effective protection of intellectual property rights. Last year, the administration began a review of Bolivia’s compliance, as an example, with the labor eligibility criterion due to concerns regarding the use of child labor and other labor abuses in Bolivia. b1745 The legislation we are considering today includes a new reporting requirement that will improve the effectiveness of congressional oversight of the administration’s enforcement of these eligibility criteria and the progress made under effective investigations. Article I, section 8 is very clear of what the legislators in this House have as a responsibility. It is my hope that Congress can further strengthen the enforcement mechanisms of the GSP in the future. The program also boosts the competitiveness of United States companies and workers by reducing the cost of imports used to manufacture goods in the United States. In 2016, products valued at $18.9 billion entered the United States dutyfree under the program. Since the expiration of the program, small and mediumsized enterprises have borne the burden of higher costs of products imported under the GSP. Consider Primetac, which is located in Little Ferry, New Jersey, in my district. It is a familyowned business from my district that uses the GSPeligible goods to support their industrial packaging business. When GSP last expired, Primetac was forced to raise prices to compensate for the new import taxes. This was no small increase. The company estimates it paid about $1.5 million in new tariffs during the program’s lapse. This legislation would provide benefits retroactively to GSPeligible imports so that small and mediumsized American companies like Primetac can take full advantage of the benefits of GSP and boost their business’ productivity It is critical that we act quickly. I also want to mention that the GSP is also intended to prevent domestic companies from being harmed. Under the current process, the competitive need limitation provision within the law imposes ceilings on GSP benefits for each product and for each beneficiary country. The GSP statute provides that a beneficiary developing country loses GSP eligibility with respect to a product if the competitive need limitations are exceeded and then no waiver is granted. In closing, I look forward to considering this legislation. With the successful passage of GSP, I hope that we will be able to issue a joint, bipartisan statement and continue working together to show the strong support for this program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan bill to renew the Generalized System of Preferences program for 3 years. I thank Congressman REICHERT for his leadership of the Trade Subcommittee and the good work that Mr. PASCRELL has done as well. This program, known as GSP, is incredibly important for the competitiveness of our local businesses and our local workers. It helps our families and our communities by reducing tariffs, which are essentially taxes, on products that many of us use every day. Through GSP, we secure taxfree access to thousands of products from around the world. Last year, this saved American businesses more than $865 million. In Texas alone, our local job creators saved more than $76 million. Of course, this is money that our businesses can instead use to hire more workers, to expand, and innovate. But, really, think about what it means for families. Think about that single mom in the grocery store carefully reading every price tag so she can stretch every dollar to the max. For her, GSP makes everyday essentials more affordable, as well as the occasional treat that saves money. It provides her with real peace of mind. GSP delivers all these benefits in an accountable way that doesn’t hurt American workers or businesses. 
I thank all the Members who worked on this important progrowth, profamily bill; in particular, our Ways and Means Committee members: Congressman NEAL, my ranking member; Congressmen REICHERT and P ASCRELL , our Trade Subcommittee chairman and ranking member; and Congresswoman JACKIE WALORSKI , who has been an outstanding leader in this effort. Now, let’s pass this bill, provide certainty for our job creators, and deliver the tax relief that American families deserve. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), one of the distinguished members of the Ways and Means Committee. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4979, which extends the Generalized System of Preferences—or GSP—program through 2020. GSP helps American manufacturers, both big and small, cut input costs, which, in turn, lowers prices for consumers. Companies saved $865 million in import duties in 2017 alone. I thank the chairman, in particular, for including my bipartisan bill, H.R. 4068, the Competitive Need Limitation Modernization Act, which I introduced with my friends, the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS). My bill makes two small but important technical fixes to the competitive need limitation—or CNL—process. CNLs are exemptions granted by the government on products that exceed the dollar or percentage thresholds for GSP eligibility. They can be granted for a number of reasons, including national security, no domestic production, or low import levels. Manufacturers in my district reached out to my office when they were denied a CNL on a type of wood not found in the U.S. But because of a government spreadsheet that stated there was a domestic product that was like or directly competitive as of January 1, 1995, they were denied. There was no information beyond that, just that date and that spreadsheet. The manufacturers even had sworn affidavits from producers in the industry saying there was actually nothing like or directly competitive to this wood in the U.S., but it didn’t matter. This arbitrary and inflexible date forces manufacturers like the ones in my district to pay millions in unnecessary duties, hurting American workers and consumers. And it hurts domestic producers that have brought jobs back to the U.S. since 1995 because that date is all that matters in a CNL application. My bill changes that date to the last three calendar years to better reflect current domestic production. It also better synchronizes CNL application dates and the date that fullyear trade data is released to provide more certainty. I am glad we are taking this step to reauthorize GSP and to ensure that it is working the way Congress intended. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), another member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman REICHERT and Ranking Member PASCRELL for their important work on this legislation. I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 4979, to provide a 3year renewal of the Generalized System of Preferences. The GSP program provides dutyfree access to the U.S. market for selected goods from 121 developing countries. As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I have always been an advocate of policies that allow businesses and consumers to acquire products of their choice at the best possible price. The GSP program gives our businesses and consumers that choice by promoting economic growth in developing countries while creating jobs here at home. In 2017, U.S. importers enjoyed nearly $865 million in savings on import duties under the GSP program. During the same year, my home State of Florida had $1.2 billion of imports covered by the program and a total savings of $59 million on import duties. Mr. Speaker, that is about a 40 percent increase in savings from 2016. I want to share the story of Mr. Bruce Price, a smallbusiness owner in my district who would benefit from renewing the GSP program. He recently told my office he expects savings in the range of $25,000 to $45,000 per year if the program is renewed. For Mr. PRICE, those savings go a long way and make a major difference in determining his business decisions. I commend the work the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Trade has done to reinforce our commitment to free and fair trade partnerships around the world. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 4979 to help Mr. PRICE and other smallbusiness owners hire more workers all across our country. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ), who has been a leader on this issue. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman REICHERT for his work on this. As Chairman BRADY said, this is very important. I have a lot of manufacturers in my district who really can’t get parts in this country and they depend on other countries, and it is vital that they remain competitive. So I thank Chairman REICHERT for his work on this. I rise today to support the reauthorization of the Generalized System of Preferences program, or GSP. In 2016, job creators and producers in my State saved $16 million on $422 million worth of imports. In 2017, producers in my State saved $17 million on GSP imports through reduced tariffs. These savings translate directly to how much companies can reinvest in their businesses and their employees. GSP also provides the executive branch with effective enforcement strategies to make sure the United States is not being taken advantage of in trade deals. President John F. Kennedy once said: ‘‘A rising tide lifts all boats.’’ This is the opportunity before us today. We can support American prosperity while helping lift others out of poverty. I urge support of this bill, Mr. Speaker. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We have had expiration times in the last 5 or 6 years, but we always come together. We passed last week the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill in Trade. I think that is a good sign moving forward, working together in order to protect— not be protectionists, but protect American industries. I think that this is a very, very important move. I also think that extending it to 2020 is a great idea. I think this is very, very important, so I won’t be back here next year anyway. We have a little foresight here. So I thank Mr. REICHERT for bringing this to the floor. We worked hard to get this here. We hope we will get help from the other side of the building. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank my friend from New Jersey because we have worked on a lot of issues together over the past almost 14 years now, and I do agree with him. There are few moments where we have a chance to sort of have a kumbaya moment. MTB, a week or two ago, was one of those. Tonight, on GSP, is another one that doesn’t sound—you know, GSP, people ask: What is that? And we tried to explain it tonight. It is a complicated issue, but the bottom line is that this is good for American businesses. It creates jobs, energizes the economy. Coupled with tax reform and fair trade agreements that we are also working together on, I think we can look forward to a bright, bright future here in the United States for our working men and women and our families. So our last renewal of GSP in 2015 allowed TRI to hire more employees, as I said. So we are looking forward to, you know, more jobs being created. And TRI, I know, is going to be very pleased by the fact that this is going to be voted on tonight. It is clear that H.R. 4979 has strong bipartisan support, and for good reason. Renewing GSP will benefit U.S. companies, workers, and consumers. Any additional delay in renewing this important program has real costs in 
my home State, as I mentioned, and throughout the country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4979, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1800 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
FRAMEWORK FOR REBUILDING INFRASTRUCTURE IN AMERICA— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–95) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Agriculture; Committee on Education and the Workforce; Committee on Energy and Commerce; Committee on the Judiciary; Committee on Natural Resources; Committee on Oversight and Government Reform; Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; and Committee on Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: I have enclosed with this message my Administration’s framework for rebuilding infrastructure in America. Our Nation’s infrastructure is in an unacceptable state of disrepair, which damages our country’s competitiveness and our citizens’ quality of life. For too long, lawmakers have invested in infrastructure inefficiently, ignored critical needs, and allowed it to deteriorate. As a result, the United States has fallen further and further behind other countries. It is time to give Americans the working, modern infrastructure they deserve. To help build a better future for all Americans, I ask the Congress to act soon on an infrastructure bill that will: stimulate at least $1.5 trillion in new investment over the next 10 years, shorten the process for approving projects to 2 years or less, address unmet rural infrastructure needs, empower State and local authorities, and train the American workforce of the future. To develop the infrastructure framework I am transmitting today, my Administration engaged with Governors, mayors, Federal agencies, State and local agencies, Members of Congress, industry, and most importantly, the American people who depend on upgraded infrastructure. The product of these efforts is a roadmap for the Congress to draft and pass the most comprehensive infrastructure bill in our Nation’s history. My Administration’s plan addresses more than traditional infrastructure—like roads, bridges, and airports—but addresses other needs like drinking and wastewater systems, waterways, water resources, energy, rural infrastructure, public lands, veterans’ hospitals, and Brownfield and Superfund sites. The reforms set forth in my plan will strengthen the economy, make our country more competitive, reduce the costs of goods and services for American families, and enable Americans to build their lives on top of the best infrastructure in the world. My Administration is committed to working with the Congress to enact a law that will enable America’s builders to construct new, modern, and efficient infrastructure throughout our beautiful land. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , February 12, 2018. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BOST) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote today on H.R. 4533—To designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lexington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations, (rollcall No. 70), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 4979—To extend the Generalized System of Preference and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program (rollcall No. 71), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 620, ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3299, PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3978, TRID IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2018, THROUGH FEBRUARY 23, 2018 Mr. BURGESS from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–559) on the resolution (H. Res. 736) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from February 16, 2018, through February 23, 2018, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
OBSERVING AMERICAN HEART MONTH (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we observe American Heart Month, we are reminded of how important diet and lifestyle choices are to our health. Sadly, heart disease remains the leading cause of death in our country. Making heart healthy choices, knowing your family’s heart history, and regular checkups are all integral parts of cardiovascular health. Organizations like our very own United Way of MiamiDade work alongside community clinics to conduct screenings and tests to help prevent and manage health issues. This month, United Way of MiamiDade is partnered with FamilyWize, a program that provides access to affordable prescription medications. The University of Miami’s HeartAware risk assessment is an online screening survey offered by UHealth. This program helps patients identify their risk for developing cardiovascular disease, learn the next steps based on their risk factors, and promotes lifestyle changes to lower their risk of heart disease. Let us all take time during American Heart Month to focus on our hearts and encourage not only ourselves but our family and friends to live healthier lives. f 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co chair of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, I rise in recognition of National CTE Month. CTE programs train students of all ages for jobs in highskill, highdemand, and highpaying fields. By establishing partnerships between educators and industry leaders, CTE helps build a welleducated and skilled workforce ready to meet local business needs. In Rhode Island, the Westerly Education Center, by way of example, collaborates with Electric Boat to train pipefitting students like Stephanie and Richard to build our Nation’s next generation submarines. The Genesis Center partners with CVS, Building Futures, and Apprenticeship Rhode Island to train workers, including Kathia, Jidma, and Lim, to become pharmacy technicians. Cindy was recently offered a job by CVS soon after she finished an apprenticeship. CTE is good for students, businesses, the Rhode Island economy, and economies everywhere because it narrows that gap between what we are teaching in schools and what the needs of businesses really are. I am proud to introduce a resolution celebrating CTE Month with my friend, colleague, and caucus cochair, Representative G.T. THOMPSON . Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in cosponsoring H. Res. 730. SUPPORTING MEDICARE ADVANTAGE (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my strong support for the Medicare Advantage program. I recently led a bipartisan letter with 298 Members of the House to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, urging them to preserve and strengthen Medicare Advantage. Millions of seniors rely on Medicare Advantage, and they need access to the highquality healthcare plan choices that Medicare Advantage plans provide. CMS will soon be issuing final policy and payment updates. These changes will have widespread implications on Medicare beneficiaries throughout the country. Our letter calls on CMS to preserve the program’s integrity and existing incentives for MA plans that will offer highquality, efficient, and patientcentered coverage options for consumers. Mr. Speaker, the Medicare Advantage program covers nearly 19 million seniors across the country and provides care coordination, disease management programs, outofpocket spending limits, access to communitybased programs, and additional supplemental benefits like vision, dental, and even prescription drug coverage. We need CMS to continue to strengthen and enhance Medicare Advantage for our seniors. f 
CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND VOCATIONAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, President Trump introduced his infrastructure plan, and while it covered many conventional infrastructure questions, it also singled out the need to modernize career, technical, and vocational education programs. At a time when 6 million jobs across the country remain vacant because employers can’t find workers with the skills they require, it is vital that we expand these programs to meet the needs of students, workers, and businesses. The President’s plan highlights the importance of modernizing career, technical, and vocational education programs to guarantee that workers have the skills necessary to succeed in their chosen career. Last month, as well, the President chose to highlight the importance of career and technical education to our economy in his State of the Union Address. Fortunately, the House has already passed Congressman THOMPSON ’s and my bill to reauthorize Career Technical Education programs. Now, with 
the President’s support, I am confident that our Senate colleagues will act and move this bipartisan legislation further without undue delay. Our students need it, our businesses need it, and our economy needs it right now. 
FEBRUARY IS HEART MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, for more than 50 years, we have observed February as American Heart Month. Heart disease is the Nation’s number one killer. During this month, we reaffirm our commitment to combating heart disease and educating all people about the benefits of a healthy, active lifestyle. Mr. Speaker, before I came to Congress, I worked for nearly 30 years as a therapist rehab manager and licensed nursing home administrator. I understand the unique challenges facing individuals who have suffered a stroke or other lifechanging injuries. Often, it is a long road to recovery. But an active lifestyle can help lower blood pressure, boost levels of good cholesterol, improve blood flow, and more. Cardiovascular disease, including heart disease and stroke, remains the leading cause of death globally with more than 17.9 million deaths each year. But by making healthy choices— including a balanced diet and regular exercise—individuals can lower their risk for cardiovascular disease by as much as 80 percent. I hope that Heart Month 2018 inspires more Americans to take control of their cardiovascular health and begin a healthy lifestyle journey. 
b1915 HONORING THE LIFE OF RAY BAUM (Ms. ESHOO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to pay tribute to a great man, Ray Baum. Ray Baum was the staff director of the Energy and Commerce Committee. He came to Washington, D.C., to take on the senior policy role at the committee with the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology. Ray was a gentleman who was scholarly in terms of his understanding of the issues. He served in the Oregon State House of Representatives and as chairman on the Public Utilities Commission in the State of Oregon. His deep and broad knowledge is something that we all benefited from. I think the House and our country has lost a true patriot. Ray was a man of great faith. He had two great loves in his life: Kristine, his wife; their 6 children and 10 grandchildren. He was only 62 years old. He also loved public service and his country. He gave great service to his country. I feel very blessed to have served with him at the committee and to have formed a friendship that will last with me all the days of my life. God bless you, Ray. Thank you for the example and the role model that you have been to so many of us. May you rest in peace. We will always remember you with love, respect, and always with affection. f 
PHOENIXMESA GATEWAY AIRPORT (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, tonight, I recognize the incredible expansion of PhoenixMesa Gateway Airport. After originally serving as an Air Force base for over 50 years, and closed due to the BRAC process, Gateway reopened in 1994 and now provides commercial airline service to more than 35 destinations. This airport is a significant economic asset to Arizona’s economy, contributing $1.3 billion every year. Each month, Gateway sets new records. Last year, the airport saw a 9 percent increase in passenger traffic, making 2017 the second busiest year in the airport’s history. I fully expect Gateway to shatter expectations in 2018. The construction of SkyBridge Arizona will help facilitate trade between the United States and Mexico. We anticipate this project will create thousands of jobs and unleash millions of dollars for our economy. I thank the board of directors, staff, employees, and East Valley residents who are committed to Gateway Airport’s success. Gateway Airport would not be the pride of the East Valley without their dedication. 
WE NEED REAL SOLUTIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the bad deals President Trump continues to push onto the American people. As the administration continues to celebrate rewarding the top 1 percent with its bonanza, his administration is looking to slash programs like Social Security, Great Lakes water restoration, heating assistance for the elderly, and food for hungry people, just to name a few. The President’s budget is as unrealistic as it is cruel. But Congress holds the power of the purse, and we intend to employ it. When you think about it, President Trump’s hollow $1.5 trillion infrastructure plan actually only includes $200 billion in Federal investment and expects the States to come up with five times that much. I suppose some would call that a Ponzi scheme. His plan cedes Federal leadership and passes the buck to struggling State and local governments. Maybe some of my colleagues represent places that can afford all that. We certainly can’t in Ohio. I can’t figure out why the President, who claims to be a builder himself, shortchanges his real chance to invest in America. Whether it is the deficit raising budget or his flawed infrastructure deal, we know the American people need real solutions, not more hollow, false promises. f 
HONORING FLORIDA’S THIRD DISTRICT OLYMPIANS (Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, on February 9, the Winter Olympics began in South Korea. As we celebrate the world coming together to achieve the very best in sports, I am extremely proud and excited to announce that Florida’s Third District has three young speed skaters, Brittany Bowe, Erin Jackson, and Joey Mantia, who are competing in the Olympics. Brittany, Erin, and Joey are from the town of Ocala, a city in my district with no ice rink. Yet, under the tutelage of Renee Hildebrand, these athletes have perfected their skills through regular training on roller blades. In fact, Erin had only spent 4 months total training on ice before earning her spot, making her position as the first AfricanAmerican woman to qualify for the U.S. long track team even more remarkable. Brittany, Erin, and Joey, all of Florida’s Third District is rooting for you, and I know you will make our community and the Nation proud. Good luck, and go Team USA. 
CONGRATULATING KELECHI IBEZIM ON BECOMING AN EAGLE SCOUT (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kelechi Ibezim, a high school senior from Glen Ridge, New Jersey, for becoming the first African American Eagle Scout in Troop 55 of the Northern New Jersey Boy Scouts Council. This young man is a resident of my district. Along with others in his troop, Kelechi led the effort to build an outdoor classroom at the Montclair Child Development Center. The center serves underprivileged children and focuses on teaching them social skills. 
Kelechi has spent time painting schools, volunteering for nonprofits, and serving as treasurer of the youth branch of the Montclair NAACP. He plans to pursue a career in business or law once he graduates from college. Mr. Speaker, Kelechi is just one of the many examples of young people in my district making Black history every day. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Kelechi on receiving his Eagle Scout ranking. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. JAMES E. CARTER (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Dr. James E. Carter from my hometown of Tompkinsville, Kentucky, who passed away on February 12, 2018. For over 50 years, Dr. Jimmy served generations of families in Monroe County as their physician, earning the title of Doctor of the Year by the American Academy of Family Physicians, as well as being named one of America’s Top Family Doctors. Throughout his years of service to his community, he was not only a beloved doctor, but was widely respected for being the leader of one of Kentucky’s greatest political families: the Monroe County Carter family. Dr. Jimmy’s father, Abe, also held countless political offices. His uncle, Tim Lee, was a U.S. Congressman. His grandfather, James Carter, and his uncle, James, Jr., held the same circuit judgeship for nearly a century. Dr. Jimmy served on the Monroe County Board of Education and as Monroe County GOP Chair for most of my life. Although Monroe County has lost one of our greatest public servants, I join with the entire community in celebrating his accomplishments and reflecting on his meaningful, compassionate presence in our life. May God continue to bless his children, Jim, Tom, Cindy, and Mary Catherine, through whom his legacy lives on. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RAY BAUM (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I come to pay tribute to the life of Ray Baum, the Republican staff director of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Ray passed away on Friday after a courageous fight against cancer. I will always remember Ray as an optimist. During our ongoing committee negotiations on an autonomous vehicles bill, Ray was always pushing us, looking for a solution that both Democrats and Republicans could support. He was always optimistic about our prospects. Thanks to his prodding, we were able to pass a bipartisan bill out of the committee. Ray was also extremely committed to being a public servant. When we marked up the Republican’s ACA repeal bill, the markup went on in committee all night. Ray was sick at that time, but he refused to leave the markup. Finally, Chairman WALDEN , his staff, and mine convinced Ray to go home. But that did not stop him from watching the lively debate all night long on C–SPAN from home. In fact, my staff was still getting emails throughout the night. My thoughts and prayers go out to Ray’s family, Mr. Speaker, the staff of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and everyone else who knew Ray. He is going to be sorely missed. 
WELCOME HOME, ROPER’S COUNTRY STORE AND CAFE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to work for the Texans in a small town on the Brazos River, in Simonton, Texas. There is an icon in Simonton that is loved by all in Fort Bend County. It is called Roper’s Country Store and Cafe. Roper’s fought Mother Nature twice: the Brazos River dropped by uninvited in 2016, and again with Hurricane Harvey in August of last year. At 6 a.m., exactly 1 week ago, Roper’s beat Mother Nature. As you can see in this photograph, the owner, Lauren Gillespie, is watching Maria Silva welcome Anne, Ramona, and Laura home to Roper’s. I dropped by last Saturday and had a homemade breakfast with Simonton Mayor Louis Boudreaux. Maria was still smiling when I went there Saturday, as I filled up. Her shirt says: Texas Strong. What that really says is: Simonton Strong, Roper’s Strong. Welcome home, Roper’s. 
HONORING PASTOR B.R. DANIELS (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pastor B.R. Daniels as he celebrates 45 years of service at Beth Eden Missionary Baptist Church in Fort Worth, Texas, on February 18. From an early age, it was his love for the Word of God that led him to pursue a degree in religious studies at the Southern Bible Institute in Dallas. In addition, Pastor Daniels graduated with a master’s degree and a Ph.D. in Christian education from Aspen Theological Seminary in Denver, Colorado. Installed as the pastor of Beth Eden in 1972, his leadership has helped raise the church’s profile and membership to nearly 1,000 members. It is due to Pastor Daniels’ dynamic leadership that a $3.2 million building program was completed and celebrated in 2016. A pillar of the community, Pastor Daniels continues to be an active member of the community by leading the region as moderator of the Northwestern District Baptist Association while also holding various civic leadership positions around the city of Fort Worth and Tarrant County. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to celebrate his 45th pastoral anniversary and his years of spiritual leadership to our community. f 
LOS ZETAS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, I went to the TexasMexico border near Laredo. On this, my 20th border trip, I spent time along the river with the Border Patrol. Los Zetas Mexican drug cartel controls a sophisticated smuggling operation of people and drugs. They have scouts on rooftops on both sides of the border, using cell phones and hightech equipment to look for the Border Patrol. Everyone pays to be smuggled across the Rio Grande. The cost is $500 to $800 for a Mexican; $3,000 to $5,000 for a Central American; and $15,000 to $30,000 for Chinese or countries of special interest, like Bangladesh. Everybody pays. This organized crime gang uses stash houses on both sides of the border to conceal border crossers or drugs. When the coast is clear, Los Zetas moves people or drugs further into Texas, and then throughout the country. This is a very sophisticated criminal network. Mr. Speaker, the outlaw Los Zetas cartel makes millions of dollars on our unsecured border. Enough with the rhetoric. Secure America first. And that is just the way it is. 
b1930 BREAKING DOWN THE PRESIDENT’S INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BANKS of Indiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I was trying to add up the number of times that we have been here on floor over the last decade to talk about infrastructure. I suspect it is maybe 20 or 30 times that we have talked about it, and this last weekend, guess what happened on Monday. The President decides to talk about infrastructure. So here we are. On Tuesday, we are going to pick up the issue of infrastructure. Let me just take a quick tour. Since they don’t allow movies or slides here on the floor, we are going to run through these fast. 
Some of you remember this. This was 1 year ago yesterday when the Oroville Dam spillway gave way and we had the biggest waterfall in the entire world. It came very close to wiping out 200,000 people—bad maintenance problem. Or maybe this one. This is not the bridge to nowhere. This is the Interstate 5 bridge between Seattle and Vancouver, British Columbia. It collapsed, and I–5 didn’t work. Or maybe this one. Oh, I think you have heard about this. That would be the water in Flint, Michigan. Still haven’t solved the entire problem, but maybe several thousand kids and families were drinking contaminated water, water contaminated with lead. And I didn’t need to go all the way back to Flint, Michigan, to find a problem. In my own State of California, many communities are facing the same problem: either contaminated water or no water. We have got an infrastructure problem: dams breaking, bridges falling, water contaminated. Are you wondering why? Well, this is illustrative. You see, way, way back in 1973, we were spending somewhere about $10 billion a year on clean water and sanitation, drinking water. And over the years, we have seen a decline. This is constant dollars, 2014 dollars. We have seen a decline in the purchasing power so that, in 2016, we were somewhere around $2 billion, so from 10 to 2. Do you wonder why we have a problem? We are not spending the money on it. And so the American Society of Civil Engineers comes out with an annual report card. Now, if your kids sent home this report card, you might have a serious conversation with them. So Donald Trump comes into office and, whoa, we have got an infrastructure problem. And he comes up with a solution to address this report card from the American Society of Civil Engineers: oh, aviation, D; bridges, C plus; dams, D; drinking water, D. Let’s go over here; rail is a B. That is good. But most of those are private companies. Ports, a Cplus; parks and recreation, D; schools, a Dplus; solid waste, transit, D, D, D, all the way down. Yep, we have got a problem. We have got a serious problem. And so what does it mean if we were to solve the problem? Well, here, let’s solve that problem. We will turn this around. Well, the problem is all of those D’s that you saw. So what if we were to spend $1—how about $1 billion—on transportation infrastructure, the return to the economy is somewhere around $3.54; or, for every $1 billion that we invest in transportation and infrastructure, 21,671 jobs. A 6year bill with at least $100 billion of annual funding supports 2.18 million American jobs. Now, what is it that our esteemed President proposed? Well, here is his infrastructure plan: He cuts more than $168 billion over the next 10 years from existing transportation and infrastructure programs. He provides Wall Street with an opportunity to invest and slashes the Federal investments and passes the buck to the cities and the counties in the State. That is his infrastructure plan. Oh, did I tell you he said he had $200 billion that he was going to use to leverage $1.3 trillion of private money? Well, it doesn’t really work. And we are going to talk about that because what actually happens, that $200 billion that is so beautiful, so awesome, incredible—what is it? Well, let’s see. I have already said that, from the highway safety programs, total, $122 billion; from the TIGER grants, which are very popular, that go out to local entities to build specific transportation programs like intermodal—train, bus, rail, highway stations—cuts that by $5 billion; Amtrak, cuts that by $7.5 billion over the next 10 years; rural air service, cuts by $590 million; the Army Corps of Engineers, cuts that by $10.1 billion over the next years. These are real programs. So what is that $200 billion that the President takes such pride in presenting to the American public? It is money that is already spent on infrastructure projects. There is zero—no, nada, no new money. He is simply taking money from those programs that I just described and transferring it to a new set of programs that, well, he will probably put TRUMP in gold across the top of it and say: Look what we have done. All you have done is to create administrative chaos. Not one nickel of new money. It is the repurposing of existing dollars and transferring it to new programs which, instead of 80 percent Federal money to 20 percent local money, he flips it on its head, and now the Federal Government will spend 20 percent and the local governments and State governments will spend 80 percent. Huh? How does that work? Where is the Federal investment? No new money. And instead of the Federal Government being the big partner, the Federal Government becomes the minor partner. What is that all about? Well, unless you happen to be a Wall Street baron and you want to buy Dulles Airport, in which case his program would pony up 80 percent of the money and the private investor would put up 20 percent of the money; and I guarantee air travelers, international and domestic, would be thoroughly paying higher fees for the privilege of going to Dulles, which is now a private airport. It doesn’t make much sense. Or maybe you want to travel on Interstate 5 from Mexico to Canada. He would propose that we turn Interstate 5, all the way up the West Coast, into a privately held toll road, of which, presumably, 80 percent would be paid for by some loan or some grant from the Federal Government and 20 percent by some Wall Street investors. Final point, and then I want to turn to my colleagues, as I said, we have been here on the floor perhaps 20 or 30 times over the last several years talking about infrastructure. I will tell you this: The Democrats are proposing a better deal for America. We want to invest in America, and we want it made in America. Oh, by the way, in the President’s proposal is the elimination of the Buy America standards and the Davis Bacon fair wage program. So we have a better way of doing it, and we are going to spend a little bit of tonight talking about how we might have a better real deal for America, not some fake program that doesn’t have any new money. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the Congressman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE) to talk about infrastructure. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, JOHN GARAMENDI , for taking up the special orders and for doing such a striking job, compelling job, of lining out what the country needs to do in the way of building our roads and bridges and our energy infrastructure. So much that needs to be done that would make a big difference for jobs, for our economy; and then contrasting that, unfortunately, with what the President, after a year of looking forward to this, seems to have come up with. It is just baffling, and I think we need to understand here tonight what is going on and resolve to do better. We have got to do better than this. Although the President is, of course, onto a major issue, we have always said that. During the campaign, in the early months of the new administration, President Trump spoke a lot about infrastructure, promised to put forward a bold plan to put Americans to work, repairing, modernizing our infrastructure. Now, many issues divide Democrats and Republicans, but that really isn’t one of them. This is an issue that potentially, at least, unifies us, brings us together. During the last election, both candidates were talking infrastructure. It stood out as an area of common ground, potential bipartisan cooperation. Unfortunately, I am afraid, now, after a year, and after a year of concentrating on other things like repealing healthcare and a massive tax cut for the wealthy, now, finally, the President does come around to infrastructure, and, frankly, it is pretty underwhelming. The plan doesn’t make good on the promise that he put forward during the campaign for a serious bipartisan plan. It certainly isn’t bipartisan. It calls for $1.5 trillion in new investment, but it shifts the overwhelming majority of the cost to States and municipalities, forcing them to either raise taxes or to sell off public assets or to cut other critical programs. So it is, on the face of it, just inadequate. The Federal investment: $200 billion supposed to leverage $1.5 trillion. And it reverses the split in terms of Federal 
and State responsibility. That is an 80/ 20 FederalState split now, in most cases. Now it is going to go something like 20/80, and the States and the localities are burdened with taking this on with very limited and very inadequate Federal support. So it is inadequate, and it is certainly inadequate as a Federal investment. Secondly, and my colleague has stressed this very effectively, this is a bait and switch. This is a bait and switch. I am the ranking Democrat on the Transportation and Housing Appropriations Subcommittee. So we are now, with the budget agreement enacted last week, looking forward, hopefully in a bipartisan way, to writing a transportation bill for the remainder of 2018. Transportation investments that have bipartisan support are now in sight because of this budget agreement. But then along comes, ironically, the President’s infrastructure plan alongside his budget proposal, which actually decimates the transportation programs we already have. b1945 Mr. GARAMENDI stressed that very effectively. I will add just a few specifics, but this is the most incredible part of this plan to me. It not only falls short, but it actually does great damage to the infrastructure investments we are already making. For example, we are building Union Station in Raleigh, North Carolina, at this moment. It is going to be a multimodal facility. It is going to facilitate transit bus transportation. It is also an intercity rail station with an Amtrak train leaving for Charlotte three times a day. That is going to be increased because it is a very successful run. Union Station, a multimodal facility: the essence of infrastructure, creating jobs. How do you think Raleigh is paying for that? It would be known as a TIGER grant, along with State and local participation. The President’s budget totally eliminates TIGER grants, which have provided that kind of support around this country for innovative infrastructure projects, particularly multimodal projects. TIGER grants: eliminated in the President’s budget. Community Development Block Grants: eliminated in the President’s budget. What on Earth are they thinking down there at the White House, to be simultaneously talking about a great infrastructure initiative and, at the same time, taking away the basic bread and butter infrastructure programs we already have? Aviation: the President wants to cut Federal aviation appropriations. FAA facilities and equipment: cut. FAA operations: cut. What are they thinking? And then most incredible of all, when you turn to the ground transportation budget, they want to eliminate all new starts for mass transit in this country: cut the socalled capital investment grants radically. The President wants to cut the very successful Northeast Corridor Amtrak operations radically. He wants even more to cut Amtrak operations in places like the Southeastern United States, the Midwest, and California— these very promising regional routes. And this is an infrastructure program? It certainly sounds like an antiinfrastructure program. It does not add up. It doesn’t begin to add up. I think this is the most outrageous aspect of this: that the President is coming out with what he markets as a new, bold initiative, and, at the same time, he is actually not just trimming, he is radically cutting, as far as I can tell, all modes of transportation, virtually everything we count on to underwrite and support infrastructure at present. Then, finally, the President is making a big thing out of rolling back environmental protections and limiting the review of projects. Now, we all know— and Democrats and Republicans have gotten together on this in the FAST Act, for example—that review needs to be expedited and review needs to be efficient. The FAST Act contains many provisions to expedite review, and those aren’t even fully implemented yet. But here we come with the President’s infrastructure initiative, which proposes the arbitrary shortening of deadlines. It purports to override the National Environmental Policy Act, possibly even the Clean Water Act and Clean Air Act. It is hard to tell exactly what he has in mind. There is virtually no investment in clean energy infrastructure, which one would think would be a major forwardlooking component of any infrastructure package. Representative ALANLOWENTHAL and I cochair a task force called the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition—socalled SEEC—and we have released in the last couple of days a sustainable infrastructure proposal. When you place it alongside what the President seems to be suggesting, with some details yet to be announced, there is a great contrast. What we are advocating is that we invest smartly and we invest sustainably. We have no desire to destroy the core environmental safeguards. In fact, we want to have a meaningful, serious review process. We want to incorporate forwardlooking sustainability and resiliency initiatives in our infrastructure plan. So I commend to my colleagues this report, which we just issued, which I hope will gain attention from both sides of the aisle as we attempt to deal with the President’s proposal, to deal with the appropriations bills that we are going to be considering here, and try to build into our infrastructure proposals sound environmental practices, and sustainable practices, for example, taking into account climate change—global warming. The President reportedly has no intention of including that in his proposal. What a shortsighted thing that would be, to be building bridges and highways and other projects, and then some years from now find that the planning was inadequate to deal with the sea level rise, or whatever kind of effects of global warming we might have. So, again, I thank my colleague for helping us understand what we need to do as a country, but also understanding how we really need, as a Congress—and I would hope both sides of the aisle. We need to assert ourselves, not just assume that this is some kind of Trump proposal that we can’t criticize. Or, in fact, we need to not just criticize it, but we need to do far, far better. So I thank the gentleman. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PRICE for the specific details. I am glad that he brought up the environment issues. They certainly need to be discussed. And he is quite correct, the FAST Act, which is now just 2 years old, significantly moved projects faster through the entire program—I suppose we ought to say the FAST Act had some logic to it—and still maintained the underlying strong desire to protect our environment. Climate change: he couldn’t be more correct about that, and the specific programs that he mentioned that the President intends to cut. If this was some sort of a—I don’t know—State fair, and you had somebody on the boardwalk with the shell game, that is what is being played here. Programs that are working—he mentioned the TIGER program and the funding programs that the States and local municipalities know how to use and are now planning to put their own money in—the President would terminate those and start a whole new series of programs. New administrative, new chaos. We have to make this point: all of us want infrastructure. Here is the report card: Ds, Ds, Ds, one B, and a couple of Cs along the way. Just to maintain these programs at the present would be $2 trillion—not building new, not adding to what we have, but $2 trillion—just to maintain this. What does the President offer us? $200 billion. That is a B, not a T. $200 billion. The same money that we are already spending. No new dollars. Somehow that would leverage State, local, and private. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PRICE for bringing this to our attention. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I know the gentleman shares 
my sense that we need to diversify our transportation system in this country. We, in particular, need to develop high speed rail in these corridors where it makes so much sense. Raleigh to Charlotte has been a kind of demonstration of what is possible there. And transit is not a Democratic or a Republican issue. Our cities—large and small cities—throughout this country are getting into transit: bus rapid transit, light rail, and regional rail. And the notion that, ironically, especially on the same week you are announcing an infrastructure plan, you would, at the same time, say no new starts in transit is just beyond belief. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, is the gentleman saying that the President’s budget is inconsistent with the President’s transportation plan? In the transportation plan he talks about new starts, new programs, and so forth, but he is eliminating those in the budget, transferring that money over to the new programs that I guess he wants to call the Trump programs. Is that what is happening here? Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. That appears to be what is happening. Or else the OMB Director and the President’s people in the White House doing this infrastructure plan never checked with each other. I do think the baitandswitch aspect is the most incredible aspect of this because it really, really would damage transportation efforts that we already depend on. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PRICE for those comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ). Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, it is a real honor and privilege to join both of my colleagues here for what is a very important discussion to have. I commend Congressman GARAMENDI  for always being passionate, considerate, and diligent on these efforts around the issues that are germane and important to this country moving forward and being successful. So I thank him for being a role model for me here in the House of Representatives. Also, I thank Mr. PRICE, who has been a leader. I worked with him on several occasions in North Carolina on different issues. It is good to be in both of their company on this important issue. We are here tonight on this Special Order talking about the President’s infrastructure plan. It is not really much of a transportation plan at all. What President Trump has proposed is another massive giveaway to big corporations. The Trump infrastructure plan would privatize much of the Nation’s infrastructure. It would replace interstate highways with tollways. It would roll back environmental protection regulations and workers’ rights. It would award infrastructure grants based on how much revenue is raised locally, instead of awarding Federal grants based on the project’s quality. Mr. Speaker, President Trump promised America a trilliondollar investment in our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. But, like always, the President has not delivered. This is becoming a theme with him as we move through different issues that this Nation faces. There is a pattern developing here. My father always used to mention that type of thing. When he saw issues or something that were going awry, he would notice the pattern in the way these things are addressed. There is definitely a pattern in the way the President has handled being Commander in Chief, and has not necessarily been in the best interest of the entire country, but to a select few. The Trump infrastructure plan is cut from the same cloth as the tax scam my Republican colleagues passed in December. It is cut from the same cloth as the budget President Trump proposed this week. The tax scam was a massive giveaway to the billionaires and big corporations, to golf course owners and to owners of LLCs. Now, I don’t know much about big business and golf courses—I am a miniature golf man myself—but, once again, there is that pattern. What would be so important in the tax scam that you carve out something for golf course owners? Well, anyway. Can you say Mara Lago? Also, in that same vein, if I am not mistaken, all of the Trump businesses that are still being enriched as he sits in the White House, which is totally contrary to what this Nation was built on, are all LLCs. b2000 So in the tax scam, there was a carveout for LLCs. Oh my goodness. There seems to be a pattern here. Trump proposed a budget that slashes more than $168 billion—$168 billion from Federal highway, transit, Amtrak, and water infrastructure funding. He also proposed that we privatize the Nation’s air traffic control, which would add another $57 billion to the Federal deficit. So much for deficit hawks. So, before even proposing his infrastructure plan, the President proposed a $225 billion cut to infrastructure spending, all so he can pay for his tax giveaways to the rich. Mr. Speaker, Democrats and Republicans want to work together to rebuild America’s crumbling infrastructure, but the President’s plan doesn’t get us there at all. It is a partisan proposal that benefits the President’s corporate friends at the expense of the American people. This infrastructure plan is a major blow to my constituents and everyone who travels along Amtrak’s Northeast corridor. It proposes an Infrastructure Incentives Program that would award grants based on how much revenue is raised locally, instead of how badly needed the project is. Now, that seems not to make too much sense from where I am standing, and my constituents understand, and Congressman GARAMENDI ’s constituents, and the majority of people in this House, if you really pulled them aside and asked them honestly. But that is for another day. Take, for instance, the Gateway project. The Gateway project is a multiyear, multibilliondollar project that will repair, replace, and expand the railroad infrastructure connecting New Jersey and New York, but Boston to Washington, D.C., as well. It is the Nation’s most critical infrastructure project. The Gateway project will make commutes safe and more reliable for hundreds of thousands of people, and the economic activity it generates could create upwards of 100,000 new jobs in the region. This multiyear project, Mr. Speaker, is vital to this Nation’s health and infrastructure. The Northeast corridor is the only line that is profitable for Amtrak in the entire Nation; and we want to cripple that. We don’t want to strengthen that. We would like to cripple that more. It doesn’t make sense. The Gateway project is something that is needed. It will put Americans to work. It will create a greater infrastructure and allow the two tunnels going into New York City now to be repaired. They took a terrible beating from Superstorm Sandy, and the corrosive saltwater got into a lot of those tunnels, damaged the electrical work in those tunnels; and I am glad my constituents and people going back and forth between New York and New Jersey don’t get to see the shape that these hundredyearold tunnels are in. So once we create this new tunnel, it would allow us to repair the other two, which is desperately needed—desperately needed. So it is the Nation’s most critical infrastructure project that we see. The Gateway project will make commuters safe. It could generate, as I said, more than 100,000 new jobs in the region. The Gateway project is necessary to modernize Amtrak’s Northeast corridor, which runs between Boston and D.C. It is a project that benefits people from States up and down the Atlantic seaboard. That is why the Federal Government agreed to cover half of the cost of the Gateway project, with New York and New Jersey splitting the other half. And if my colleague would—who has greater knowledge of these issues over the years—to have a State come along and be willing—you know, we think that 70/30 splits are good with States, but New Jersey and New York has said: We will do 50/50. Now, if we can’t understand how that is a positive, and that the States are willing to do their part, then we don’t understand these issues. 
I am new to this, so I would—will the gentleman elaborate on the—I have heard that 80/20 splits are good and 70/ 30 are great. And here is a 50/50 split, yet, and still, we cannot get the Federal Government to buy in, which, when Amtrak said they would take over the Northeast corridor, the Federal Government was supposed to fund them to the levels they needed in order to maintain it. And Amtrak has never received the dollars that was promised since the inception of taking over the Northeast corridor. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I will attempt to answer the gentleman’s question. It doesn’t make any sense. What the President proposes, instead of the normal 80/20, sometimes a 75/25 split in which the Federal Government is the major partner so that these transportation systems are of national importance—the President is proposing across for all kinds of projects, wherever they may be, on the Northeast corridor, or on the West Coast, or anywhere in between, that he flip it over and the Federal Government becomes the minority partner, at 20 percent; and the State, the county, the city, or in the case of New York, the triborough—— Mr. PAYNE. TriState. Mr. GARAMENDI. The triState entity comes up, in this case, as the gentleman said, 50 percent. But that is not good enough. He wants 20 percent Federal and 80 percent triState. It is a formula for a major disaster for America’s infrastructure, because it is not just tunnels and Amtrak, it is water systems. It is repairing the Flint system, repairing the Chowchilla water system in California; it is the flood control. It goes on and on and on. Unless, of course, you happen to be a Wall Street investor, and you want to—well, let’s say you want to build that tunnel. Well, the Federal Government will give you 80 percent. You come up with 20 percent. And by the way, what is going to be the cost to the commuter? So none of this makes much sense, except for one thing. Thankfully, the President, after a year plus, has come forward with a plan. We will work with that. We will take his bad plan, we will do a judo move on it, we will flip it, and then we will build a definite program for America. Let’s call it a better deal for America, a better infrastructure plan. What do you think? Can we do that, Mr. PAYNE ? I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. I think the gentleman is on the right track. We are willing to work with the President. And this, unfortunately, is another incident or an example of where his lack of knowledge of government operation is hampering what we need to do in this Nation. It is very difficult to learn on the job, especially when you have the job of Commander in Chief and you have had no experience with the government, understanding the Senate, understanding how the House—how it operates. We are willing to help him. We want him to be successful, because if he is successful, the Nation can be successful—not on his own, not his own personal success, but success for the Nation. I will come to a conclusion, as I see one of my colleagues who is on the Northeast corridor has joined us as well, but just to your point about water infrastructure. So the Congressional Black Caucus went to Flint to meet with the residents there, and Ms. PELOSI was on the trip and sat and met different people and what they were going through at that time. It was just sad, heartbreaking. So me, traveling back to Newark, New Jersey, which is the third oldest city in the United States of America, understanding if they were having those issues in Flint, which is nowhere near as old as Newark, New Jersey, what were the conditions in my community? And lo and behold, I spoke to several mayors in my district, and I said: You need to start looking at your water system. Based on what I saw in Flint, I am very concerned. And don’t you know, that Tuesday, they found lead in 30 schools in Newark, New Jersey, in the water system. Mr. GARAMENDI. I do need to move on to Mr. CICILLINE here, but Mr. PAYNE was asking about the water systems. Just look at real dollars, 2014 dollars, where the Federal investment has gone over the last 25 years, almost 30 years. So no wonder that we are not repairing and rebuilding. Mr. Speaker, let me turn to Mr. CICILLINE who, together with his teammates, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), developed a way of describing what it is we need to do. Last week, Mr. CICILLINE took on this issue of transportation, infrastructure, generally, and made a proposal. Could the gentleman share with us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking the gentleman for yielding and for his many years of extraordinary leadership on not only Make It In America, but on the urgency of rebuilding the infrastructure of our country. Tonight, I think the American people can see these two things really intersect, because what Democrats have proposed is for the Federal Government to be a real partner again in rebuilding our country, something that cities and States just can’t do on their own. The Federal Government has to play a real role, and we have put together a framework for a $1 trillion investment in rebuilding our roads, our bridges, our ports, our transit systems, our schools, and making the investments that will create 16 million goodpaying jobs and will create a platform to grow our economy, address urgent needs. You know, America used to lead the world, was the envy of the world in our infrastructure. That is no longer the case. We are now behind countries like the United Arab Emirates and Singapore, according to the World Economic Forum. As Mr. GARAMENDI put up there, the American Society of Civil Engineers gives us a failing grade on America’s infrastructure. An estimated 56,000 of America’s bridges are structurally deficient. One out of every 5 miles of highway pavement in our country is in poor condition. But, of course, we don’t need those report cards. We don’t need these reports to tell us. The American people experience it every day: being stuck in traffic, having disruptions in their rail service, having repairs to their cars. Our constituents feel it every day; and that is why it is so disappointing that the President has been unwilling to work with Democrats in a bipartisan way to craft an infrastructure plan that will actually rebuild the country, create goodpaying jobs, make us the envy of the world again. Instead, he puts forth this sort of baitandswitch. First of all, it is a $200 billion investment. Our plan is five times that. And then he says: Oh, it is really $1.7 million. Why? Because his friends are going to privatize public infrastructure and create tolls and higher costs for users. That is not what infrastructure is. Infrastructure is a public investment. The Federal Government plays a role. And then he proposes a budget that makes deep cuts in transportation—actually, almost as much as he proposed spending. So it is like, I am willing to invest zero in infrastructure is basically what the President is saying. We need a real infrastructure plan. As Mr. GARAMENDI said, we put forth a better deal to rebuild America, a real investment of infrastructure that will also protect environmental standards, worker rights, create goodpaying jobs. Instead, what the President proposed, after all this fanfare, is a proposal one fifth the size, while, at the same time, he is making deep cuts in infrastructure programs and shreds environmental protections, shreds worker rights. We, of course, put in our plan ways to accelerate so these things can move forward, but it has got to be done in a way that respects labor and environmental standards. Mr. GARAMENDI has been here longer than I have. That is sort of sad. This was always a bipartisan issue. We could agree on the urgency, the necessity of rebuilding our country. b2015 It should be about national priority. We should all be committed to doing this. This is another flimflam. This proposal is basically to privatize public infrastructure, make big corporations and wealth investors rich and let working class and middle class folks pay for it. It is the same thing we saw in the tax bill, the same thing we saw in the 
budget. It is very disappointing, and I am hoping the President will study the Democratic framework and work with us to actually invest in and rebuild our country in a way that we can all be proud of. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there are so many things we need to talk about. First of all, that $200 billion is simply repurposing existing programs, and they are laid out here. The highway fund, $122 billion reduced, transferred over to his new program, which is really, really strange. He calls it $100 billion of innovation. Who is going to determine what is innovative? Who is going to determine what is going to be funded? A whole new administrative and serious chaos is going to occur—TIGER grants, gone, Amtrak. Mr. PAYNE was just talking about Amtrak and the importance here in the Northeast corridor. I am from California, but I have got to tell you, I care a great deal about Amtrak because that is how I like to get from Washington to New York City. That is the best way to do it. Airplanes are fine, but, actually, Amtrak is just faster if you want to get downtown to downtown. But not to worry. He is going to privatize Reagan and Dulles. And you think that is going to work out well for us? Oh, if you want to pay more money, yes. Rural air service. Army Corps of Engineers, extremely important to us on the West Coast, in my district. I have quite possibly the highest flood potential of any place outside of New Orleans, and we depend upon this, and yet they are going to cut it by $10 billion. It goes on and on and on. This is just the beginning of what is proposed. It is a massive shell game. The money is under this shell. No, the money is under that shell. It is the same money back and forth. We need a real program, and I am so pleased that you and your colleagues put together a real trilliondollar program. It is solid. It is foundational. And what an opportunity was missed in this wonderful Christmas gift that the President gave to whom? The top 1 percent and American corporations. Ponder this for a moment: For every 1 percent reduction in the Federal corporate tax rate, it is $100 billion. Corporations and the Chamber of Commerce were saying from 35 take it down to 25 percent. No. Our Republican colleagues and the President went all the way to 21 percent. Let’s see, 25, 21, 4—4 percentage points. That is $400 billion over 10 years. Think of the possibilities if, instead of that money flowing to corporations who apparently are going to use that money for stock buybacks and dividends, not for new investments—oh, excuse me. They did say they had increased the wages. Do a careful study. Most of those wage increases are in States and localities that have increased the minimum wage. So $400 billion right there. Could it have been used? Yes. Foreign earnings? Mr. DELANEY , 40 Democrats, 40 Republicans put on the floor a proposal to repatriate those foreign earnings back here to the United States, very low tax rate, far lower than what is in the tax bill if that money was going into an infrastructure bank, into investments, real investments in America. Mr. Speaker, I know Mr. CICILLINE  has worked long and hard on this. I would like to hear more. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out that the President proposed and the Republicans passed a tax scam that rewarded the wealthiest people in this country and the biggest corporations. Eightythree percent of that tax cut went to the top 1 percent. It created a debt of $1.5 trillion plus interest—over $2 trillion—for the next generation. Can you imagine if, instead of a giveaway to people who didn’t need it, that money were invested in rebuilding our country? You could create 16 million goodpaying jobs. You could create an incredible power for our economy so we can move goods and services and information to rebuild the economy. But then you think about the willingness to give away that amount of money to the top 1 percent, 83 percent of the tax cut, if, instead, you had invested it in this urgent priority that impacts the daily lives of every single American, what a difference it would have made. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) for the many, many years that he has worked on this issue and underscoring every week the importance of investing in products made in America, and now making sure that, as we rebuild America, that we focus on products and innovative materials that are made here in the USA. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, Mr. CICILLINE seems to have prompted some energy and excitement for Mr. PAYNE . It seems as though he wanted to jump in and say a few more words. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to thank both of my colleagues and Mr. PRICE for really showing a youngster at this how to engage the American people. And these issues, Mr. Speaker, are critical to Americans across the Nation. And, yes, there is a swath that does not have these issues to worry about, but there are people every single day who need to have us address these issues in the manner in which we are speaking. Everyone is not well off. Everyone is not able to buy for themselves. Everyone is not the owner of a golf course. Everyone is not the President of an LLC. There are hardworking people. There are people who need jobs. Reinvesting in infrastructure will put Americans to work, will give all Americans the quality of life that they deserve in this Nation if they are willing to work for it, and we understand that. But give them the opportunity to work for it. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there are so many things that we are going to talk about over the next several months. The President did a good thing by putting the infrastructure program on the front burner. Now, obviously, from what I have said this last hour and my colleagues, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. PRICE, the proposal doesn’t fly. It is not a solid proposal that will solve the problems of America in a way that is good for the people you just talked about, the working men and women and the families of America. But we can work together on this, the program that the Democrats have put out, A Better Deal for America, an infrastructure plan that includes all of the elements. We haven’t talked about broadband and the availability of broadband in rural areas, which I happen to represent, highspeed internet, but that is also a problem in the urban areas. We have a common interest in a good, solid infrastructure plan. Unfortunately, we are looking at the deficit hawks returning. They disappeared last November and December when the tax bill went through. In fact, the President’s budget contemplates a $1 trillion deficit each and every year for the next 10 years. So where’s the money? Well, $1.5 trillion wound up in the top 1 percent and for the American corporations and the LLCs and golf courses, as you said. That is money that could have been used for the infrastructure, building the foundation for economic growth, educating, reeducating, teaching the skills. Now, the President mentioned that in his address on infrastructure, and good. But where’s the money? Show me the money. Well, it is a shell game. It ends one program, starts a new one. Administrative chaos will ensue. We need real, solid investment, and we can do it. The proposals are there. And we are going to talk about this every week, every day, every community meeting. We are going to talk about the tax scam and where the money went. We are going to talk about the wealthy getting wealthier. We will talk about income inequality and the way in which it invests, it actually creates more. And we are going to talk about the great missed opportunities: education, highways, water systems, sanitation systems, ports, multimodal. That is what we need to do. Mr. Speaker, I am losing my voice, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
IN HONOR OF RAYMOND SIMS BAUM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, this is a tough night for those of us on the Energy and Commerce Committee. We come to the floor tonight to pay honor to our staff director Ray Baum, who passed away after a valiant multiyear fight with cancer. He left this world on February 9, unexpectedly in many respects. He left before we were ready, but not before he filled us with love and grace and kindness, shared his intellect and his great humor. I got to know Ray in 1988. I know you don’t know this is actually me on the right here. I had hair. I was younger. This is Ray here. We were both elected to the legislature. And I don’t know about you all, but oftentimes you meet people and you don’t remember 30 years later or whatever where you first met them. With Ray, I absolutely remember the minute I met him. ThenState Representative Bob Brogoitti from La Grande decided not to run and was announcing that pretty late in the process. I happened to be in Salem at the capitol when he brought this young attorney out of La Grande, Ray Baum, into the capitol and said: I am going to announce I am not running, and he is my guy to replace me. Well, Ray and I both were firsttime candidates in 1988; he in La Grande in northeast Oregon, and I in Hood River, Sherman, Gilliam, Wheeler Counties and part of Wasco. We both ran in the seats that our fathers had held and, in different eras, both been defeated. His dad already had the votes to be speaker of the house, he just didn’t quite get reelected in his seat. And we both won in 1988. We served together in the Oregon Legislature, became fast friends. The Republican leader of the house looked at the two of us and dubbed us the ‘‘pablum twins’’ after the baby food. We certainly outgrew that over time. But we became very good friends. We shared a lot of time together, legislated a lot together. We had a terrific experience. We both really, really were committed to public service. Ray was a member of the bar. From 1983 to 2003, he practiced law with his brother David in La Grande. As I said, he was elected to the Oregon Legislature in 1988 and served through 1997. I became majority leader when Republicans took the house in 1990 and served in that role until I went over to the senate. He followed me as the house majority leader for the ’95 session. And then an interesting thing happened. He left the legislature, and Democratic Governors, knowing what a great leader he was and how well he got along with people, decided to appoint him to the Public Utility Commission in Oregon. It is a threemember commission appointed by the Governor, and he was the lone Republican. In 2003, he and the family moved to Salem. He accepted this position as a commissioner for the Oregon Public Utility Commission, where he was until 2011. In 2010, the Governor appointed him as chairman, as a Republican, of the Public Utility Commission with the other two Democrats, and they always kept the consumer in mind. He was always about good, fair public policy. From 2005 to 2011, he served as the State chair of the FederalState Joint Board on Universal Service. From 2008 to 2010, he served as chairman of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners Telecommunications Committee. So he rose up in the ranks of the national organization to which he belonged. He was an incredible family man. Those of us who knew him knew it was all about his wife, Kristine, and all about their children, Rachael and Wyatt and Alexis and Mary and Andrew and Elizabeth. His kids and his 10 grandchildren, they were the light of his life. b2030 He had twin callings, if you will: his family life—an incredible father, grandfather, and husband—and public servant. He was asked about that all the time. He said about his wonderful wife, Kristine: ‘‘She has been a great example of service to others. Her charity never ends. She supported me in my pursuit of politics and put up with my ‘public service impairment.’’’ He was all about public service, and it showed. In the work we did on the Energy and Commerce Committee, I remember calling him when I became chairman of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee. We interacted over the years on telecom policy, given his national roles. I said: Ray, they are going to make me chair of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee. I am going to need your help. He said: Oh, yeah, yeah. Sure. Just call me. Whatever. Yeah, that is fine. I said: No. Ray, I am going to need your help. He said: Well, I can come back from time to time. I said: No. Ray, I am going to need you here in Washington. He said: Oh, oh. I don’t think Kristine would go for that. Well, their kids were out of the house at that point, and as fate would have it, she said: Actually, I think that would be fun. I think that would be a nice change. That shocked him. So he came back and served as a senior counsel, a special adviser on the Committee on Energy and Commerce and on the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, and he played a big role. Then, our mutual friend, Gordon Smith, with whom we had both served in the State legislature and who now is president and CEO of the National Association of Broadcasters, lured him away for, I think, all of about 9 months. And as much as he enjoyed fighting the fight for broadcasters, which was my background, he really loved public service. When I became chairman of the committee, he actually reached out to me and asked: Hey, you know, what are you going to do with that position? I was delighted that he had an interest in coming back to public service, and he loved it. You heard from our colleagues earlier tonight during 1 minutes, ANNA ESHOO and F RANK PALLONE , the top Democrats on the committee, who loved Ray and still do. He was just one of those rare human beings. I talked about his great intellect and I talked about his friendship. But what I haven’t talked about is what I would call his ‘‘Rayisms,’’ these funny little sayings that he always used that I think found their way into our vocabulary and speech without us even knowing. His constant reminder was: ‘‘The fun never stops. The fun never stops.’’ And he would use that along the way. Generally, when things were going off the rails, he would say: ‘‘The fun never stops.’’ And he would also say: ‘‘Thanks for coming out today.’’ We all heard that on a regular basis. And on Fridays, he would go around to the staff and he would say: ‘‘You know, you have been doing such a great job, why don’t you take the next couple of days off?’’ Saturday and Sunday, of course. He would say: ‘‘Remember to come back in the morning.’’ He was, as I said, cursed, as he would describe it, with a public service impediment. He was very faithful, had deep faith, and was very active in the Mormon church—he and Kristine both. And he would joke that he was the only Mormon ever to oversee the Oregon Liquor Control Commission. He was a member of that, too, along the way. I want to share a couple of things. Before I do, let’s get this picture off of here because I am aging in place. This is Ray with Senator CORY GARDNER  from Colorado, and he was on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and ANNA ESHOO , and some of the great staff we have worked with over the years on the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, where he just really thrived and got a lot done. I think about the work that we passed in a bipartisan way to free up spectrum and all. When he was diagnosed with prostate cancer several years ago and it had migrated, tragically, into his bones, I forget who gave him the hats, but we knew he was going to lose his hair. So somebody came back with a different set of hats to cover up the loss of hair. Now, there is nothing wrong with losing your hair, I might say just as an aside, but he tried them all on; and I think you get the spirit of Ray: ‘‘The fun never stops.’’ I want to share a couple of comments, and then I know I have got 
some terrific colleagues here who want to share with the body and with our friends who are watching. Speaker PAUL RYAN tweeted out when he learned of Ray’s passing last week: ‘‘Ray Baum was a kindhearted man with a deep commitment to public service. The whole House mourns his passing. Please keep Ray’s wife, Kristine, and their family in your prayers.’’ FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said: ‘‘I had the pleasure to work with him over the past few years and was impressed by his keen intellect, fundamental kindness, and passion for advancing the public interest. He was a good man and I will miss him.’’ Commissioner Michael O’Rielly said: ‘‘More than a colleague, Ray was a wonderful individual with an endearing smile.’’ Gordon Smith at the NAB said: ‘‘In the time he spent working at NAB, he was to everyone a delight. We will miss his everyday greeting: ‘It’s nice to have you out today!’ His zest for life, his creative legislative mind, his infectious humor, his love for others, and his determined work ethic as he battled cancer, these were an inspiration to all.’’ We both served with a guy in Oregon named Peter Courtney. I think he probably holds the record for the longest serving State legislator, a Democrat from outside the Salem area. And I know he holds the record for the longest presidency of the Oregon State Senate. He said: ‘‘Ray taught me a lot about how to work with the other party; how to disagree and still get things done.’’ Former State Senator David Nelson from Pendleton said: ‘‘He had a great sense of humor and a great mind, a quick mind. He was a consensus builder.’’ Don’t we need more of those in this process? Former Union County Commissioner, Democrat John Howard, said: ‘‘When he took a position on an issue, people listened. Whether they were Democrat or Republican, people valued his opinion.’’ People just on Facebook wrote: ‘‘Ray Baum served the people of northeastern Oregon with distinction.’’ ‘‘Ray was a wonderful person who set a great example.’’ ‘‘Being blessed to have been neighbors for a number of years with Ray and his family, chukar hunting on the breaks of the Snake River will never be the same.’’ ‘‘Ray was one of the finest persons I have ever encountered in Oregon politics. Topnotch selfless person.’’ One of Ray’s assistants, Drew McDowell, said: ‘‘One of my first days here was a very rainy morning, and Ray walks in without skipping a beat and says, ‘Sure is a nice day for a duck.’ I knew right then he was the type of guy that could brighten up a rainy day.’’ A.T. Johnson from the Energy Subcommittee said: ‘‘One of the last legislative victories came from the health team—providing FDA help for our soldiers and other servicemembers. When I think of Ray, I really do think of the happy soldier—fighting for others, fighting his own battle, and doing it with joy and grace.’’ Jennifer Sherman, press secretary, said: ‘‘Ray loved returning to Utah to visit with his family, particularly when there was a new grandchild to be welcomed.’’—Did I say there were 10?— ‘‘And when Ray returned to D.C., he made the focus of his daily walkand talk about the newest little one, to show off the latest photos’’—how proud he was—‘‘or to tell us what his grandkids were up to while he was hard at work in D.C. It was always clear that his heart was in Utah and Oregon with his loved ones.’’ It is hard to stand here and pay tribute, not because I don’t feel all that for Ray, but because I probably spent most of the last 4 years in wonderful denial, just believing that Ray would somehow muscle through it and be with us. I would say, being chairman of the committee, I get one of those passes from time to time that allows a senior staffer on the floor. I think there were a lot of Members who, for a long time, wondered what district he represented because he just interacted with Members here in a way I have never seen, including with the leader and the Speaker. He would corral them. He would cajole them, work them on our issues and the committee’s issues, and always did it with such a smile and such a wonderful way: big heart, big brain, incredible mentor for young and old alike. For young staff and old Members, he was a friend. He will be missed. He will not be forgotten. His imprint is all over the State of Oregon and, now, all around the country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ), the chairman of the Environment Subcommittee. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I can’t beat the chairman’s long years of friendship and devotion and service with Ray. But we are down here to make sure that we remind the American people that most of us know that we are only as good as the people we have around us. That is why I wanted to come down and join my colleagues to talk about our former Republican staff director of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Ray Baum. Now, I don’t have the long years that Chairman WALDEN has, but I do remember Ray coming to the city in 2011, as was noted, to be the senior policy adviser of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, which I was fortunate to serve on. Right away, I personally noticed there was something different, and this is before I really knew Ray very well. But it all made sense when you found out that he had served in elected office and he had been reelected. He served as the majority leader, and then he moved on to the public utilities commission. We love our staff and we love the people who devote everything. But we all know, as elected officials, that really the crucible of what we do is election and standing in front of voters and being held accountable and responding to them. So to particularly have a staff director, or what I would call a chief of staff, the person who is trying to keep the trains running on time, it is all important, but one who knows the trials and tribulations of serving in elected office is very, very helpful. I think the chairman mentioned that when he talked about Ray being on the floor, being able to talk to Members and people in the leadership alike, understanding when our colleagues were struggling. I think the tributes earlier this evening by Ranking Member PALLONE  and Congresswoman ESHOO also highlighted the fact that he had a great relationship across the aisle, which is critical in getting that bipartisan consensus to really move bills on the floor. We have been very fortunate to serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee. We have, I would argue, an almost unparalleled record of success, bipartisan, major votes, because either we work together or we have staff directors who are able to keep us focused on the prize, and that is, getting by in so that there are not hugely contentious votes on the floor. They are large bipartisan majorities which are not spoken of very much in Washington today or covered because they just are not newsworthy enough. Chairman WALDEN mentioned Ray’s great love, which is his family and public service. But I think there is a third one that would call someone from the West Coast to Washington, D.C. I think a lot of us were able to observe and appreciate this relationship between the staff director and the chairman that went over decades: trust, loyalty, and support; so much that, as Ray continued to fight through this challenge, something that kept him going was the fact that he loved this institution. He loved his Members that he was responsible for—that is all of us on the committee—but he loved Chairman GREG WALDEN and he wanted him to succeed. I think that is a great tribute to remember. So I am here just to thank Kristine, his wife, and the children who were named Rachael, Wyatt, Alexis, Mary, Andrew, and Elizabeth. I want them to know, Mr. Speaker, that we appreciate the sacrifice they gave to allow Ray to be part of this institution. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his very kind and thoughtful remarks and his tribute to a really great public servant. I think he hit the nail on the head. Ray’s having served and having gone through elections gave him that perspective. And having come from a rural part of America, like a lot of us do—in fact, 
my district encompasses where he is from—it gives you a different perspective as well about some of the issues that sometimes get lost otherwise. I thank the gentleman for coming and for sharing. I know we have some other Members here who I think wanted to make some comments. I don’t know who would like to go next. Maybe the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ), who also was a public utilities commissioner—if I have the right title for whatever it is in North Dakota—public service commissioner. The gentleman knew Ray from that era and got to put up with him here, as I would kindly say. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). b2045 Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, let me, at the outset, as Chairman SHIMKUS  did, express how special it was to watch a chairman and a staff director work, I think I daresay, as peers, as a team. That is very unusual in a place where titles seem to matter more than they ought to and more than they do other places. I did have the opportunity to know Ray a little bit when I was on the North Dakota Public Service Commission, and he served on the Oregon Public Utility Commission. In fact, our terms mirrored exactly one with the other. A lot has been said about Ray’s commitment to service, and I think it is undeniable. I think of the things he could have done and probably could have made a lot more money doing, but he chose, instead, to serve people. He serves as a testimony, frankly, in many respects. This opportunity we have tonight to pay tribute to Ray and his memory is a furtherance of his testimony, that we here, even in Washington, D.C.—yes, even here in the swamp; yes, for all the people who watch us wondering if there is any decency among us, we really are a family. So our tribute tonight is testimony to that because it is really testimony to his life. He served as such a great example to all of us. A lot has been said about Ray’s sense of humor. Until you get to know him, he could make you off guard a little bit every now and then. I always appreciated, though, that Ray had an ability to take a serious moment seriously, take a serious issue seriously, but never take us too seriously. He allowed us to sort of gain perspective because he had such a good perspective. Oftentimes, it was his ability to make us laugh and to find the humorous anecdote in a moment. He was always calm. We can use a lot more calm. Maybe people don’t know this, but each of us has really big, important issues that are absolutely life changing and lifeaffecting and the most important thing in the world to us. Then we bring them to the greater good, to the larger group, and Ray had an ability to boil it down and, again, put it in perspective for each of us individually as well as all of us collectively. That is why he was such a great leader for all of us, the ability to balance intellect with humor, to be funny without being frivolous, being respectful while also joking with us, cajoling us, as the chairman said, with everybody from the Speaker to the Sergeant at Arms, to the freshman class. He had a tremendous ability. So, Mr. Speaker, to Chairman WALDEN, Kristine, and the family, we are all part of your family tonight. We all are hurting, and we all are mourning. It is hard to sugarcoat it. This thing called death is awful, this awful disease called cancer. Ray had the opportunity to serve with us in a committee that works to try and eradicate diseases. He was very helpful as we worked on important legislation to do exactly that, things like 21st Century Cures and other healthcare legislation. We are all better for having known Ray. Tonight we are just a little bit sad about it to say the least. God bless Kristine, the kids, and the grandbabies. I thank the chairman for his friendship, to Ray, and the way that was transferred—not just transferred, but aggregated, and in a dynamic way for all of us, he served as such a great example. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CRAMER . I appreciate his coming down here tonight and sharing his thoughts. I think he really summed it up well. Now the chairman of the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee, BOBLATTA , who was the vicechair of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee when I chaired that. Ray was a big part of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee and ended up as the staff director. I thank BOBfor coming down to share his comments tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ). Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of Ray Baum. I thank the chairman for having this tonight because I think it is very, very important to honor his life. I was recently asked when I was back home what I liked best about being a Member of Congress. It is always one of those questions I think people think about, well, you are going to think about all the things you do down here. It is not really about being a Member of Congress down here. It is about the people you get to know, the people you get to know at home, and it is also about the people you get to know here. There are a lot of times that you don’t always get to meet someone like Ray, somebody who has that great public service instilled in him. You meet these thousands of people, but you always had some people that stand out; and that is Ray. If I could, I would like to quote what the chairman said in his release when Ray passed: ‘‘Ray dedicated his life to public service, first as an elected official and then as an adviser on Capitol Hill. Our committee, the people of Oregon, and our country are better off because of Ray’s selfless service. Ray will be deeply missed, but he will not be forgotten. The Energy and Commerce Committee will strive to honor Ray’s legacy of decency and kindness through our work, and, more importantly, by following the example Ray set through the graciousness and honor he showed every day.’’ You heard Chairman SHIMKUS say the same thing. You have to get things done around this place, and if you are always going to sit in one corner and fold your arms and say, ‘‘I am not going to listen to anybody else,’’ it is not going to get done. But that was not Ray. He reached out, as the chairman mentioned and as Chairman SHIMKUS also mentioned, that it is important to reach out to work with people. I think that it was demonstrated by the pieces of legislation that we got out. Last year, he was an instrumental part of working with me and getting out the SELF DRIVE Act. We have a lot of pieces of legislation that come through, but the staff kept track. They said that we had over 300 meetings with staff and with Members in getting that bill out. It was a bill that wasn’t a Republican bill, and it wasn’t a Democrat bill. It was a bill that everyone worked together on. I think it was important because Ray had a big hand in that. I sat through a lot of meetings, and the staff sat through a lot more than I did when you think about those 300. He was a guiding hand and a very calm hand to get that bill out. When you think about a piece of legislation of that magnitude, when that bill came up for a committee vote, and not only for the chairman’s work, that bill went out 54–0, which is amazing for a bill of that size and that magnitude and what it meant. He was instrumental, I know when we sat down with our friends over in the Senate in an early meeting talking about what they would be doing, but he was very, very involved in it. But he was a very calming voice. I wasn’t privileged to know Ray when he began his long and distinguished public career service out in Oregon, but, again, I got to know him through his work on the committee. One of the things that I think I can say is he was an incredible person to work with. He was a gentleman, and he took time to listen and to analyze a problem. Around this place, that doesn’t happen all the time. Sometimes you jump out there first, and then you think: What am I going to say? But Ray was one of those individuals who really made sure that he was always prepared. He was ready to go forward, and he was willing to listen. 
I will never forget, years ago, I had a professor in college who said: You always remember that God gave you two ears and one mouth; if I have to explain that to you, you are going to have a hard time understanding what you have to do more of. But that was listening, and Ray listened. He always gave you a straight answer. That is always important because it is tough when you are working on legislation and you are working on something, and you have to get an answer from somebody, and they say: Well, let me think about that. But Ray wasn’t that way. He would sit down with you. He would work with you. He would be up in my office; I would be down in his office. He was always there to listen. He was always giving a recommendation, and the end result was he was somebody who you could trust. I also know this, he had the respect of the Energy and Commerce Committee members. He also had the respect of the staff, Republicans and Democrats alike. He was kind, and he was thoughtful, too. Sometimes you hear staff say that there are folks around here who don’t treat them very well. He wasn’t one of those individuals. He is going to be missed; and it is not often that you are privileged to meet someone like him or to work with someone like him of his caliber and one who always believed in putting public service above self. To his wife and family, you are in my prayers. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDENfor this opportunity. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman both for his wonderful words about Ray and also his terrific record of public service here in this institution. I know we have a couple other Members who have come down tonight. I think this really speaks volumes about the impact that Ray had on all of us that so many Members of Congress are coming down tonight at this hour to pay tribute and to say thanks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). M ORGAN  GRIFFITH is a terrific member of our committee. He is the vicechair of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. I thank the gentleman for coming down. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for giving me this opportunity. Unlike Mr. WALDEN , who met him back in 1988, I did not have the opportunity to fall within Ray’s orbit until he became the staff director at the Energy and Commerce Committee about 13 months ago that I got to know him. I didn’t serve on the Communications and Technology Subcommittee, so I never had any opportunity to work with him. I found him absolutely delightful to work with, extremely intelligent, always caring about the issues, passionate about his work, his honesty, and his forthrightness. You could always go and talk with him. Then I was particularly struck when it became clear that he was well aware of the severity of his illness and how he handled that, Mr. Speaker, with courage and grace. But knowing that the Energy and Commerce Committee would be handling and involved with the great issues of the day, he and I had several conversations about how he wanted to continue working and spending time, helping Chairman WALDEN on these issues, helping the committee, and helping our great country. So to his wife, Kristine, and their children, I thank them for sharing their great American husband, father, and citizen servant. We will all miss Ray Baum. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Morgan for those comments. He always maintained such a wonderful sense of humor about his own predicament knowing that there was a timeline. He had been given 3 to 5 years because of the bone cancer. He went through the treatments and held up very, very well. But I know on more than one occasion he looked at me. I said: How are you doing, Ray? He said: Well, I am doing all right. But, hey, nobody has gotten out of here alive yet. He would always take the edge off. When you were feeling bad about him, he somehow would relieve that tension. Mr. GRIFFITH. He certainly did. It was remarkable and memorable. I will certainly always remember that great attitude and just all his other great attributes that we heard about tonight. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). B UDDY  CARTER is a distinguished member of our committee. He worked with him on a lot of different issues, healthcare, and different things. I thank BUDDY for coming down tonight. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for not only doing this but allowing me to be a part of it. Mr. Speaker, I am a relatively new member of the committee, as the chairman is aware. I have only served on it for about 13 months now. I have only been in Congress for 3 years. One of the most frequent questions that I get asked when I go back home is: What is the most surprising thing that you have discovered since you have become a Member of Congress? I tell them the truth: The most surprising thing is also the most encouraging thing, and that is that there really are a lot of good people in Congress. There are a lot of people serving in Congress, a lot of good people who work with staff and work as staff, who are good people who truly want to do the right thing and who truly want to move this country forward. Yes, that is somewhat surprising. But more than anything, it is encouraging. Sometimes I feel like as Members that we get kind of a bad rap, that we are dysfunctional, that we don’t get along, and that we are not getting anything done. I get frustrated by that. But I think about people like Ray Baum, and I think: If they only knew somebody like this, somebody who is truly dedicated, who is truly trying to do the right thing and to move this country forward, then they would understand better. You are not going to see that on the news. This is not going to be reported that, oh, we have lost one of the good guys. That is not what sells papers. That is not what drives up ratings. But it is what keeps us going. I really appreciate Chairman WALDEN’s friendship with Ray and his earlier going over the history because that is important. I really appreciate the opportunity to add just a few words about, again, one of the good guys. In our lives, there are people and places that we remember. I know that I will always remember Ray. He helped me when I became a Member. It is tough being the new guy on the block, the low man on the totem pole, but he was a great help to me and a great help to the committee. We need more people like Ray Baum. We need more people like that up here. He was really one of the good ones. I thank Chairman WALDEN for giving me this opportunity to do this tonight. This is special, and I want to just offer my thoughts and prayers to the family and to the friends. He was indeed a good man. b2100 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CARTER for those wonderful words. I know Ray had such great respect for the gentleman from Georgia and other colleagues on both sides of the aisle in the committee. The working relationships that he developed were almost unlike any other staffer I have ever known, because he really wasn’t a staffer. It is kind of a funny thing. It is not like he thought of himself as a Member or anything. He was just Ray. He didn’t let barriers keep him from helping people succeed. I just think for Oregon, my home State, he was kind of the sixth Congressman. The only thing he lacked was a voting card. People knew when Ray was speaking, he was speaking on my behalf. We could double up on Northwest issues, whether it was the Columbia River Treaty, rural telecom issues, or energy grid issues. It was really a twofer for the price of one. Well, maybe 1
1⁄2. Ray had that ability to reach across the aisle, reach across any divide, and close the gap and make us better people. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would just say that Ray was one of those people, as I said in the beginning, who left before we were ready, but not before he filled us with love, kindness, grace, and shared his wit and humor—some humor better than others. 
It was just good to have Ray. God bless him on his journey. God bless Kristine, his brother and sister and their families, and his kids and grandkids. He touched our lives. He left us better than he found us—this country, this State—and we are all indebted to him and so appreciative that we got to know him and work side by side with him. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and February 14 on account of family medical reasons. Mr. STIVERS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and February 14 on account of his duties with the Ohio National Guard. ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 582. An Act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9 11 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes. H.R. 1301. An Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 1892. An Act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 96. An act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among the areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. S. 1438. An act to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 14, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third and fourth quarters of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1  AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, Chairman, Date not provided. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Jan. 31, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEE N OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. GREG WALDEN, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS, Chairman, Jan. 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN  OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates Delegation Costs. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. GREGG HARPER, Chairman, Jan. 11, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT.  1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, Jan. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent, if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Feb. 1, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Feb. 1, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT . 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Jan. 31, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPEN DED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 2948. A bill to amend the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–552). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4768. A bill to require the President to develop a national strategy to combat the financial networks of transnational organized criminals, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115– 553). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4675. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a lowdose radiation basic research program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–554). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4377. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out an upgrade to research equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–555). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4376. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 556). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4378. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile reactorbased fast neutron source, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–557). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 3397. A bill to direct the National Science Foundation to support STEM education research focused on early childhood; with an amendment (Rept. 115–558). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 736. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes; and providing for proceedings during the period from February 16, 2018, through February 23, 2018 (Rept. 115–559). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. NORCROSS ): H.R. 4997. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to authorize a new composite multiemployer pension plan design, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. KENNEDY ): H.R. 4998. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure health insurance coverage continuity for former foster youth; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. JUDY CHU of California, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. SLAUGHTER ): H.R. 4999. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to address certain issues relating to the extension of consumer credit, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5000. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to allow certain persons to own and control an air carrier providing air transportation or intrastate air transportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. LOWENTHAL ): H.R. 5001. A bill to award a Congressional gold medal to Billie Jean King, in recognition of her contribution to the nation and her courageous and groundbreaking leadership advancing equal rights for women and the LGBT community in athletics, education, and our society; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. DINGELL (for herself and Mr. UPTON ): H.R. 5002. A bill to expand the unique research initiatives authority of the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. ROYCE of California, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. CAPUANO ): H.R. 5003. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reinstate advance refunding bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5004. A bill to protect the rights of passengers with disabilities in air transportation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for himself, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. POSEY , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. RUTHERFORD , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. C RIST, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. COSTA , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. P AYNE ): H.R. 5005. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. MESSER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. BRAT, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. MARSHALL , and Mr. B IGGS): H.R. 5006. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a child tax credit for pregnant moms; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5007. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report evaluating broadband coverage in Indian country and on land held by a Native Corporation and to complete a proceeding to address the unserved areas identified in the report; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 5008. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to require Presidential Inaugural Committees to file disbursement reports with the Federal Election Commission, to prohibit such Committees from disbursing funds for purposes unrelated to the inauguration of the President, to require such Committees to donate any Committee funds which remain available at the time the Committee terminates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. M EEHAN, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. HARTZLER , and Mr. L ATTA ): H.R. 5009. A bill to include information concerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. T URNER , Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. GALLAGHER ): H. Res. 737. A resolution expressing support for the designation of March 2, 2018, as ‘‘Gold Star Families Remembrance Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas introduced a bill (H.R. 5010) for the relief of Syed Ahmed Jamal and Zaynaub Jahan Chowdhury; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 4997. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, with respect to the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises,’’ and to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. BASS: H.R. 4998. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘This resolution is enacted pursuant to the power granted in Congress under Article I, Section 1.’’ By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 4999. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5000. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’. The Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution includes granting Congress the power to regulate interstate commerce and commerce with foreign nations, which would therefore include air commerce such as interstate and foreign air travel. Article I, Section 8, Clauses 14 and 15: ‘‘To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ and ‘‘To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions’’. The Military Regulations and Militia Clauses give Congress the power to regulate the military or military components and make rules for war, giving Congress the power to authorize and amend programs like the Civil Reserve Air Fleet. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ The Necessary and Proper Clause further recognizes that Congress has the legal authority to exercise powers enumerated under Article I. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5001. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power [. . .] To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 5002. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5003. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5004. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 5005. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause I states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 5008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18; By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 5009. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5010. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 66: Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 173: Ms. BASS. H.R. 217: Mr. JONES . H.R. 247: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 392: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. NORMAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. WESTERMAN , and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 449: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 504: Mr. MACARTHUR and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 547: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 664: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 824: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 846: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 850: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 881: Mr. FARENTHOLD and Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 889: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 930: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 947: Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 959: Mr. PAYNE and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1050: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1143: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 1150: Mr. GAETZ and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1291: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1326: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1406: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1441: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1464: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1559: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1568: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 1617: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. K INGof Iowa, and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1626: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 1676: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1683: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, and Mrs. D EMINGS . H.R. 1697: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1757: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1772: Mr. MOOLENAAR , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 1880: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1881: Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 1903: Mr. RYANof Ohio, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 1928: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1943: Mr. JONES . H.R. 2004: Mr. FARENTHOLD and Mr. F LORES. H.R. 2092: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 2106: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2119: Ms. BASS. H.R. 2267: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2276: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 2293: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 2309: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2310: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2345: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 2379: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 2439: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2566: Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. NORTON , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2567: Ms. NORTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2575: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2666: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 2683: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 2747: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 2991: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3182: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3197: Ms. MATSUI and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 3199: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3252: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 3301: Mr. KILMER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 3314: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 3316: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3397: Mr. BERA, Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. FASO. H.R. 3409: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 3477: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3497: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 3542: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. B ARR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. C URTIS , and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 3596: Mr. BURGESS , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 3600: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3605: Mr. HURDand Mr. J ONES . H.R. 3641: Mr. NEWHOUSE and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 3654: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C RIST, and Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 3671: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3694: Mr. JONES . H.R. 3709: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 3733: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3742: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3828: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 3849: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 3878: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3956: Mr. CHABOT , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. BLACKBURN , and Mr. R OEof Ten nessee. H.R. 3964: Mr. POLIQUIN and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4006: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 4014: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4030: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4081: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 4099: Mr. CRAMER and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4107: Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. COFFMAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4115: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4131: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 4143: Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. B ANKS of In diana, Mr. TURNER , Mr. Z ELDIN , and Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 4176: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4177: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 4223: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. RUSH, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 4238: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 4240: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida and Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 4256: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. C LARK of Massa chusetts, Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 4268: Ms. LEEand Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4312: Mr. JONES . H.R. 4327: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4377: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 4489: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 4527: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4548: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 4549: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 4572: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4573: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4576: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 4582: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4589: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4635: Mrs. DINGELL and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4655: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4666: Mr. DENT. H.R. 4675: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 4677: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 4680: Mr. ELLISON , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4704: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4706: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. ESTES of Kansas, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 4737: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 4744: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 4747: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 4760: Mr. GOWDY and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . H.R. 4775: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4776: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4779: Mr. CRIST and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4809: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 4816: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4831: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 4837: Mr. ESPAILLAT and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 4838: Mr. KIHUEN and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H.R. 4844: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 4850: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 4851: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4859: Mr. NOLAN and Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4871: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4879: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 4884: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. K EATING , Mr. COSTA , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. K IHUEN , and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4885: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 4886: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. BLUM. H.R. 4888: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. G ABBARD , and Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4889: Mr. BROWN of Maryland and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 4899: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 4904: Mr. BOST. H.R. 4910: Mr. JONES , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. COOK. H.R. 4912: Ms. LEE, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4919: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 4932: Ms. TITUS, Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4949: Mrs. RADEWAGEN and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4957: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4963: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 4970: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 4979: Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 4995: Ms. LEE. H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. DELBENE. H. Con. Res. 16: Ms. LEE, and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 22: Mr. COHEN , Ms. L EE, and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. BASS. H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. JONES , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. GALLEGO , Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
NORMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. R USH, Mr. COHEN , and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H. Res. 129: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi and Ms. MCSALLY . H. Res. 188: Mr. PAYNE . H. Res. 252: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 274: Ms. BONAMICI . H. Res. 356: Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. NORTON , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. DEUTCH , and Ms. M OORE . H. Res. 652: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H. Res. 653: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H. Res. 683: Mr. GALLEGO . H. Res. 697: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H. Res. 711: Mr. GOODLATTE . H. Res. 716: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Res. 722: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H. Res. 723: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. WILSON of Florida, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H. Res. 730: Mr. BARLETTA and Ms. M CCOLLUM. H. Res. 733: Mr. DOGGETT . CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative FOSTER (IL) or a designee to H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S889 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2018 No. 28 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JOHN KENNEDY , a Senator from the State of Louisiana. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father, You are the God of our salvation. Thank You for this sacred moment of prayer. We think of Your goodness even in the night seasons, for Your ways are reliable and sure. Remind our Senators that before honor comes humility, as they seek to serve You and country. Give them the wisdom to put their complete trust in You, knowing that You will direct their steps. Lord, use them to do Your work on Earth. Keep them calm in the quiet center of their lives so that they may experience serenity in life’s swirling stresses. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 