Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak in support of H.R. 4318, the Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act. The tariff relief that is included in this bill will help lower input costs for American manufacturers that support thousands of goodpaying jobs. This cost savings can be used to invest in new facilities and equipment, expand into new markets, and hire more employees. It will also make the products these manufacturers make more affordable for our consumers here at home. This is a concrete measure to create jobs, Mr. Speaker, and help make our workers more competitive. I am proud of the broad bipartisan support that this bill had when it passed earlier this year, and I am pleased to see that same bipartisan support as we take it up once again on the House floor. EFFICIENT INFRASTRUCTURE TO FIGHT AGAINST  
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, bipartisan legislation that overhauls America’s effort to combat a condition that affects more than 5 million Americans. That number is expected to triple, Mr. Speaker, by 2050. Not only is there a human cost to Alzheimer’s, there is an economic cost as well. Alzheimer’s costs Americans more than $259 billion each year. This bipartisan legislation will help the Federal Government take a very comprehensive approach to the fight against Alzheimer’s. It establishes Alzheimer’s Centers of Excellence that will educate healthcare professionals and the public on Alzheimer’s and brain health. By creating a modern, efficient infrastructure for prevention and treatment, it will improve caregiving for patients. 
REQUESTING THE PRESIDENT TO RESIGN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I have written a letter to the President of the United States, which I am sending today, that carries a simple message on behalf of the American people: Mr. President, it is time for you to resign the office of the Presidency for the good of the United States and her people. It has become clear to Congress and the American people, especially those of us who do not exclusively watch sanitized versions on the President’s most supported media outlets, that, for decades, the President led a vast criminal enterprise that went on to engage in criminal activity during the 2016 campaign for the White House and engaged in criminal activity since taking the office of President. The fact is clear. The President is the target of multiple criminal investigations on several fronts: Number one, the violation of Federal election laws, including the failure to report payments and contributions as required under campaign finance law; Number two, the violation of tax, banking, and fraud laws related to The Trump Organization and immediate business associates and family members of the President; Number three, apparent involvement and encouragement of the illegal hacking of political opponents during the 2016 campaign and efforts to derail investigations and inquiries since taking the office of President; and Number four, working and encouraging and collaborating with a foreign government, Russia, to interfere in the 2016 election in order to help the President’s campaign, combined with efforts, while in office, to obstruct justice in the investigation of the campaign. Those are just four of the criminal conspiracies that point directly to the President of the United States and compromise his ability to continue leading the Nation. I have only 5 minutes to speak, so I don’t have the time to enumerate the convictions in Federal court of close associates of the President’s business interests and campaign, nor the guilty 
pleas, the plea bargains, or the immunity granted to the President’s employees, friends, and business associates, including those directly managing his political operation and serving in his White House. And, yes, the investigations are still going on, as are the prosecutions, guilty pleas, and sentencing of the President’s coconspirators in each of these four criminal matters. And we don’t know; there may be many more shoes to drop from local, State, and Federal prosecutors, because when you start looking under the rocks piled around this President, you find ample evidence of systematic fraud, criminal activity, and coverup. For me, this has nothing to do with the President’s racism, his misogyny, his homophobia and Islamophobia. It is different than his ties to and support for white supremacy or the voice he lends to the wildest and most discredited conspiracy theories the dark right web and talk radio can come up with. And as ugly as it was to hear, even his stark admission of sexual assault against women is separate from the systematic criminal activity he has clearly engaged in, much of which he, himself, has admitted unwittingly in television interviews. His policies are clearly damaging to the moral fabric of the American people, but this goes beyond the President’s attacks on law enforcement, his giveaways to big polluters and operations, his defense of the superrich, his assault on Federal workers, the plundering of the economy, and the lasting damage he is doing on a daily basis to our most important international relationships with allies and foes alike. Vice President PENCE , with whom I served in this body, is someone I disagree with on almost every issue of importance, especially his offensive views on homosexuality, women’s rights, abortion, race relations, immigration, and almost anything else; but by comparison, he is better, even if he is wrong on many, many policy issues. Therefore, while I do not relish a Pence Presidency, at this point, I feel it is an absolute necessity for the good of the country, for the good of our people, for the good of the world, and America’s place in that world. Mr. Speaker, in my letter, I humbly ask, as a proud American, patriot, public servant, a dad, a granddad, and a fellow human being, I ask the President to resign immediately. Please resign and spare the Nation from this ongoing nightmare. Don’t do this to us. Don’t make us go down with you. Step aside, sir, for the good of our country and for the good of the world. Mr. Speaker, I will include in the RECORD my letter to the President of the United States asking him to resign. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. CELEBRATING SAM SNIPES’ 99TH BIRTHDAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a resident in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who celebrated his 99th birthday last month. Morrisville resident Sam Snipes has lived a life defined by service and community. Following in his father’s footsteps in the legal community, Sam founded the Yardley firm, Snipes & Collins, after graduating from Temple Law School and Haverford College. Sam served as a dedicated public servant for nearly three decades as a Falls Township solicitor. For his community service, Sam was honored with the United Way of Bucks County Founders Award and the Mark E. Goldberg Award from the Bucks County Bar Association, among other distinctions. Sam truly embodies dedication to our home of Bucks County. He still lives on Snipes Farm, where he grew up, makes frequent appearances in parades and other community events, and serves on several boards. Sam is truly a legend, and we wish him a very happy 99th birthday and thank him for brightening our community. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a nonprofit organization in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, that is actively working to assist underserved new mothers in our community. The Baby Bureau, based in Warminster, distributes baby bundles to new mothers shortly after delivery in the hospital. These baby bundles contain toddler clothes for all seasons, generously donated by thoughtful parents throughout Bucks County and beyond. To date, The Baby Bureau has assisted over 2,500 babies and their families. I extend my gratitude to founder Fran Wasserman for her dedication to our community’s children and families. I applaud her leadership, which has led to The Baby Bureau’s partnership with dozens of community organizations and local businesses, and I encourage all of our constituents to follow her lead. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an individual in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who embodies resilience, tenacity, and grit. Last month, Lower Mayfield resident Bill Soloway took the gold medal in the 2018 Transplant Games of America, held in Salt Lake City, Utah. Open to individuals who have received organ, marrow, and tissue transplants, the Transplant Games offer competitions in a wide variety of sports, including basketball, track and field, and swimming. Bill took the gold in badminton singles while earning bronze medals in badminton doubles and cycling. Bill’s successes are made even more remarkable due to the fact that he was the recipient of a heart transplant a mere 3 years ago. After being diagnosed with congestive heart failure, it became evident that Bill needed a new heart. Despite such an intense medical procedure, Bill, who is an avid cyclist, was back on his bike only 10 weeks after receiving his new heart. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Bill my constituent, and I congratulate him on his success in the Transplant Games. f 
UNDERSTAND THE POWER A COURT CAN WIELD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year, tens of thousands of Arizona teachers took to the streets to demand that Governor Ducey and the Arizona State Legislature do right by Arizona students. It did so because Ducey and the State GOP have crippled the State’s public education system. Arizona spends the second lowest amount of money per student in the country, and Arizona’s teachers are paid at the second lowest rate in the country. Students and teachers alike describe textbooks held together by tape, moldy ceilings leaking on students, and classes so overcrowded that kids have to sit on the floor. Mr. Speaker, that is not what schools in the richest country in the world should look like. That is why Arizona’s teachers championed the Invest in Ed proposition, to secure over $600 million in annual education funds for Arizona after Governor Ducey failed to provide the resources our students so desperately needed. Over a quarter of a million Arizonans signed their names to get the Invest in Ed proposal on Arizona’s ballot this fall. That is democracy in action. But last week, the Arizona State Supreme Court ordered the removal of the Invest in Ed proposition from State ballots based on a small technicality. This appalling ruling is an insult to Arizona students, teachers, families, and to democracy. It is a blow to Arizona’s education system and our economy. It is a naked power grab by the GOP that undermines our democracy by removing the right of voters to choose what is best for their kids and their communities. Invest in Ed wasn’t defeated because a majority of Arizonans votes against it. It wasn’t defeated because it was opposed by an elected politician who can be removed from office in the next election. It was killed by Doug Ducey’s supreme court, a court that Ducey and the Arizona Republicans packed with conservatives. Governor Ducey fully understood the power a court can wield when he ran through his courtpacking plan in 2016 
to increase the size of the Arizona State Supreme Court. He knew the incredible power of a supreme court pick, even at the State level. Mr. Speaker, we in Congress must not underestimate that power, especially now. Donald Trump has nominated Judge Brett Kavanaugh to fill a seat in the U.S. Supreme Court, and here is what we know: Judge Kavanaugh believes that a woman has no legal right to full autonomy over her own body; Judge Kavanaugh believes that the agency created to protect consumers from fraud and predatory lending is unconstitutional; Judge Kavanaugh believes that access to affordable healthcare should be determined by your age or your gender or your preexisting condition; Judge Kavanaugh believes that the President should be above the law. Here is what we don’t know: We don’t know what is in the hundreds of thousands of pages of Kavanaugh’s records that the Trump White House has refused to release, contrary to a century of Supreme Court precedent. That is unacceptable. The Invest in Ed decision in Arizona is a blatant example of judicial power gone wrong, judicial power used to undermine democracy. If confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh would join a panel of Justices with this very same power: the power to keep gutting the Voting Rights Act, the power to keep greenlighting partisan gerrymandering, the power to keep signing off on GOP efforts to purge the voter rolls. We cannot allow this to happen. Doug Ducey’s State supreme court set back democracy in Arizona. What Doug Ducey did to Arizona, Donald Trump will do to America with this Supreme Court. We cannot let that happen. My colleagues in the Senate should reject Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Our democracy depends on it. 
b1015 OMINOUS SOCIALIST TREND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise to sound the alarm about an ominous trend that seems to be taking hold in our Nation. In June, a selfavowed democratic socialist jumped into the national spotlight in her quest to join this body. Many view her as carrying the mantle for a new socialist trend among some in the United States. So, I ask, what would socialist policies mean for our country’s future? I have come to realize that a whole generation of Americans have grown up for whom the Soviet Union is just a distant historical memory. Many have no personal memory of when the Soviet Union came crashing down in 1991, which was dramatic proof that its socialist system was a dismal failure. Many can’t recall the feeling of national pride over the fact that, in contrast, the free economy of the United States had succeeded in producing the highest standard of living in world history. So perhaps it is understandable that, for a new generation, the old, empty promises of socialism seem to carry a new allure. Socialism, by definition, is the political and economic theory of social organization whereby production, distribution, and exchange should be owned and regulated by the community as a whole. In other words, what is mine is yours, and what is yours is mine. Usually, it is the latter that gets people to buy in. That is, what is yours is mine. This concept holds a strong appeal for many people because it addresses legitimate concerns over inequity and injustice. The problem is that, for all its high minded fairness, socialism doesn’t work. It is not just a castle in the air; it is the promise of a palace that is really built on quicksand. You don’t have to look back to the Soviet Union to see this. Venezuela is just the latest tragic example of socialism’s devastation. At the beginning of the 21st century, Venezuela was one of the top 20 richest countries in the world. Today, its poverty rate is 87 percent, and its inflation rate is predicted to be approaching 1 million percent—yes, 1 million. Once, Venezuela’s capital was a tourist destination with a thriving culture. Today, it is the crime capital of the world. This crisis is the result of the redistributive policies and the systematic destruction of economic freedom by a corrupt and elitist administration. As President Trump said in his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly: ‘‘The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented.’’ It is a sobering reminder that while socialism’s torchbearers may change, the havoc it wreaks with its hollow promises remains the same. What we must remember is that America is not immune. As President Ronald Reagan famously said: ‘‘Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn’t pass it on to our children in the bloodstream.’’ Socialism, faithfully implemented, could cripple our Nation’s peace and prosperity over time, just as it did in Venezuela. It is easy to see the allure of socialism. Socialists say that they desire an equitable distribution of wealth and then characterize capitalism as rampant greed and materialism. Ironically, it is typically the advocates of socialism who display the excess desire for material goods. There is the obsession with making things free, from phones, to internet access, to a college education. Theirs is the obsession with disparities in income, rather than a concern with job opportunities. Socialism holds a strong appeal for many because it legitimizes coveting your neighbor’s possessions, which was once commonly understood as against the Tenth Commandment. And the premises of socialism, all under the highminded guise of fairness, are anything but fair. Capitalism, on the other hand, is responsible for the enormous levels of philanthropic giving that we see in the United States of America, the most generous Nation ever known to mankind. We must continue to speak out boldly, not based on fear, but based on facts. We must continue to tell the truth, regardless of its popularity. We must continue to implement policies that unleash the power of our free economy and create more opportunities for all Americans, like the recently passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act with its bipartisan opportunity zones. It is my firm belief that, in the marketplace of ideas, freedom will always win out over socialism on the bases of merit, evidence, and facts. But it cannot win if no one is making the case. Mr. Speaker, let’s continue to stand up and speak out. Let’s make the case for freedom and opportunity for all Americans. f 
SHAM NOMINATION HEARINGS IN THE SENATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose Brett Kavanaugh’s Supreme Court nomination and the sham hearings that are happening in the Senate today. Even before President Trump nominated Judge Kavanaugh, Senate Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL warned that the millions of pages in Judge Kavanaugh’s White House records would reopen controversies dating back to George W. Bush’s administration and delay consideration of his nomination. But instead of following regular order, rather than obtaining Judge Kavanaugh’s full record and sharing it in a timely fashion with all the Senators, Senate Republicans simply changed the rules. This is unacceptable. The nine Justices who sit on the Supreme Court make crucial decisions about justice in our country. At times, the Court’s landmark decisions have shown the best of who we are and what our country stands for, the ideas that our public schools should not be segregated based on race, that women have a right to make their own decisions about their bodies, and that everybody has the right to marry the person they love. In other cases, Supreme Court decisions have been stains on our Nation; 
for instance, deciding that African Americans could not be U.S. citizens, upholding the cruel and unjust internment of Japanese Americans during World War I, maintaining segregation, and striking down key provisions protecting access to voting. Make no mistake, Judge Kavanaugh poses a serious threat to the rights that we hold so dear. Take, for instance, the case of Jane Doe, the teenage girl who sought an abortion last year while being held in government custody in Texas. Jane Doe did everything herself to secure that abortion. She got permission from a judge. She got her own transportation. And yet, the Federal Government physically blocked her from leaving the governmentrun shelter where she was detained. So then the ACLU sued on her behalf, and her case eventually made it in front of Judge Kavanaugh. Although he recognized the time sensitivity, even clarifying that she would no longer be able to seek a legal abortion in Texas at 20 weeks, Judge Kavanaugh blocked Jane Doe’s access to her legally allowable abortion when she was about 15 weeks pregnant. He gave the Trump administration 11 more days to find a sponsor, a process that he was aware takes months to complete. He told Jane Doe that, after those 11 days, she could ask a lower court again for an abortion. If at 17 weeks she was unsuccessful, then he told her that she could bring it up again to him for consideration, which would have been scheduled when she was, at that point, 18 or 19 weeks pregnant, if she were lucky. Court delays could have pushed it even further, seriously putting her at risk of being outside the window to obtain something that was her legal right. But, fortunately, the full court overturned Judge Kavanaugh’s decision a few days later, and Jane Doe was able to proceed in the course that she chose for her own body, a decision that Judge Kavanaugh vehemently opposed. Fortunately for Jane Doe, Judge Kavanaugh’s decision was not the crucial vote deciding her future. But if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, the rest of the country will not be so lucky. There is broad consensus that Judge Kavanaugh would be a decisive vote to eliminate women’s constitutionally protected right to abortion, a right, by the way, that is not partisan. Seventy one percent of voters support that right. In addition, Judge Kavanaugh’s record shows that he could be the deciding vote to undermine access to healthcare for millions of Americans. He has written dissenting opinions in three cases that would have undermined the Affordable Care Act. In one of those dissenting opinions, Judge Kavanaugh argued that a President could choose not to enforce a law like the Affordable Care Act if he thought it was unconstitutional, even if a court had already ruled that it is constitutional. Further, in a 2013 speech, Judge Kavanaugh said that it is ‘‘a traditional exercise of power by Presidents’’ to pick and choose which laws to enforce. At a time when we are hearing reports from the highest levels of our government that top aides to the President are literally hiding papers from him so that he cannot execute orders that they view as dangerous to our security and would result in geopolitical crises, what we need is a Justice who will serve as a check on the executive, as our Founders intended. The Senate has a responsibility to the American people to fully vet Supreme Court nominees. The most basic function is for them to do the leg work of obtaining all records related to those nominees. I strongly urge my Senate colleagues to adjourn the Kavanaugh hearing, as Senator BLUMENTHAL and my good colleagues proposed. A ‘‘no’’ vote is a vote for the people. 
DISTRICT TRAVEL DURING AUGUST WEEK PERIOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY) for 5 minutes. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share an update with the people I represent in Alabama on my travels during the August district work period. Each year, all of the Members of Congress take the month of August to spend time on the ground in their respective districts, meeting with constituents and local leaders, businesses, industries, and, ultimately, listening to the concerns of the people at home. Having this opportunity to hear firsthand from the people who live and work in Alabama’s Second District is very important, and I believe it enables me to be a better representative of our shared priorities while I am here in Washington. It was a busy month. I was fortunate to spend time in Montgomery, Ozark, Hartford, Geneva, Millbrook, Troy, Dothan, Fort Rucker, and Hope Hull. During my time in Montgomery, I met with Elmore County Commissioner Troy Stubbs, Alabama Farm Service Agency director David McCurdy, leadership from Deatsville’s Ingram State Community College, members of the Alabama Association of School Boards, folks from the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency’s Fusion Center, and more. Also in Montgomery, I visited the Gift of Life Foundation’s office, toured the MOOseum at the Alabama Cattlemen’s Association, spoke to the American Society of Civil Engineers at their lunch meeting, stopped by Sabel Steel for a visit, addressed the Squadron Officer School at MaxwellGunter Air Force Base, toured Common Ground Ministries’ Mercy House facility, and more. In Ozark, I paid a visit to Wayne Farms to tour their recently opened feed mill. In Hartford, I participated in a meeting about rural broadband development efforts with Wiregrass Electric Cooperative. In Geneva, I had the opportunity to tour the impressive, newly completed career tech center called GTech. In Millbrook, I was privileged to speak to the MillbrookCoosada Kiwanis Club during their weekly lunch meeting. In Troy, I visited with Troy Cable to learn more about their upcoming projects and some of the issues they have recently been facing. In Dothan, I spoke to the Wiregrass chapter of the Association of General Contractors. We had a great discussion about a wide variety of topics, including efforts right here in Congress to revitalize our Nation’s badly aging infrastructure. I also visited Dothan Behavioral Medicine Clinic, where I received a briefing about Clinicom technology that is being used to diagnose mental illness. Mental health is an acute problem in this country, and I was pleased to learn more about their work. I stopped by Fort Rucker to tour the aeromedical research laboratory. I talked with many employees there about the importance of Army Aviation to our national security and the innovation happening onpost right in the Second District. I visited the Army Aviation support facility in Hope Hull for a briefing and an overview on their facility as well. While I was there, I enjoyed talking with General Gordon and Colonel Bass and many others. Mr. Speaker, these are just some of the many productive, informative meetings I had during this August district work period. Now that the month is behind us, I would like to extend a sincere thank you to all the individuals, businesses, local officials, and others who hosted me and visited with me over the last several weeks. It is always a true joy to be back at home visiting the various communities across Alabama’s Second District, and I look forward to more opportunities to learn from the people I represent. 
WASHINGTON’S CULTURE OF CORRUPTION IS OUT OF CONTROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, wages are down; gas prices are up; and the culture of corruption here in Washington, D.C., is out of control. And all the while, the 45th President of the United States of America spends more time on the golf course than any other President in American history. Things are spiraling out of control. The stakes are incredibly high. Notwithstanding that, the 115th Congress has been one of the most unproductive Congresses in the history of the Nation. 
b1030 Democrats and Republicans have two competing visions for what we need to do in order to make sure that every American can continue to experience the American Dream. Democrats, we want to move the country forward. Others want to turn back the clock. We are working hard to bring people together. Others are tearing us apart. We are fighting for working families and middleclass folks. Others are fighting for the wealthy and the well off. We believe in the public interest. Others are all about the special interests. Democrats are fighting for the people. Others are fighting for the privileged few. We are fighting for working families, middleclass folks, senior citizens, the poor, the sick, the afflicted, veterans, people in rural America, urban America, suburban America. Democrats are fighting for the people. But my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, unfortunately, are fighting for millionaires, billionaires, mega corporations, lobbyists, big donors, all to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. Exhibit A is the Republican tax scam. That is their signature piece of legislation. That is what they are talking to the American people about. You are proud of the fact that you passed a bill where 83 percent of the benefits go to the wealthiest 1 percent in America, explodes the debt by more than $1.5 trillion, then you want to come back to Congress and lecture us about cutting Social Security and Medicare? Are you kidding? Our For the People agenda will focus on lowering healthcare costs, strengthening the Affordable Care Act, protecting people with preexisting conditions, more than 100 million Americans. They want to take away that protection. We are working hard to dramatically lower the cost of lifesaving prescription drugs. That is the Democratic For the People agenda. Wage stagnation is still a problem for the American people. The productivity of the American worker over the last 40plus years has increased by more than 285 percent. During the same period of time, wages have gone up by less than 10 percent. The productivity gains of the American worker have not gone to the American worker, they have gone to the privileged few. What do the Republicans do about it? Pass a tax bill where 83 percent of the benefits go to the wealthiest 1 percent. We have a different idea for what should take place. We are fighting for the people through increased pay anchored in a real infrastructure plan that will fix our crumbling bridges, roads, tunnels, ports, masstransportation system; not a fake plan, it is a real plan. We will invest $1 trillion, create 16 million goodpaying jobs, fight to make sure that everyday Americans can provide a comfortable living for themselves and for their families. And, lastly, we are going to fight to clean up corruption here in Washington, D.C.; not talk about it, actually get something done to make sure that Washington works for the American people. That is what you deserve. That is what Democrats are fighting hard to deliver: lower healthcare costs, increased pay, clean up corruption to make sure that Washington works for the people. 
BLACK FAMILY FOUNDATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this morning I would like to recognize the 25th anniversary of the Black Family Foundation of Erie, Pennsylvania. The foundation was established in 1993 by a very distinguished constituent of mine, Mr. Samuel P. ‘‘Pat’’ Black, III, and his late father, an Erie legend, Mr. Samuel P. Black, Jr., who passed away in 2001 just 4 months shy of his 100th birthday. According to its mission statement, the foundation exists to fund systemic change. It proudly focuses on strategic nonprofit investments throughout Erie County that leverage resources for the greatest gains in social progress. Its vision is profound and very ambitious. It exists: To promote continuous improvements in the quality of life around the globe by investing in projects that offer a high probability of not only transformational value, but also sustainable change. Over the course of its respected history, the foundation has funded nonprofit programs and organizations in the areas of health and welfare, entrepreneurial education, homelessness, environmental sustainability, economic initiatives, and technology initiatives. Specifically, the organization has supported such initiatives as the creation of the Elizabeth Lee Black School at the Barber National Institute. This is an approved private school that offers stateoftheart educational programs to children ages 3 through 21 with autism and intellectual and physical disabilities. Over the last 15 years, Mr. Black and the Black Family Foundation have also supported hundreds of students through scholarships at Penn State’s Behrend College and at Mercyhurst University. In the last decade alone, the foundation has donated more than $13 million throughout the Erie community and to worthy organizations around the world. To Mr. Black and his family, we say: Happy anniversary, and may God bless you for all that you do to help bless others. f 
RECOGNIZING MARGIE TOWERY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the life of a teacher who continues to have an indelible impact on Arkansas, Margie Towery, who is this year’s Greenbrier School District Teacher of the Year. Margie has dedicated her life to serving and educating Arkansas’ youth. This is her 26th year of teaching, including seven at the nearby University of Central Arkansas. Margie is a big advocate for STEM education, particularly for young girls, and even takes her students to local universities to participate in their STEM activities. She started and led the Rhetoric Society at the high school until she became a fulltime sponsor of the student council. Teachers like Margie prove that education is one of the best investments that America can make. I am proud to represent her and all the teachers of central Arkansas who are making a difference for our youth. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of a man who has had a major impact on conservation and preservation throughout Arkansas, Mr. Arnold Hameister. Arnold recently retired after 37 years of service to the Arkansas Forestry Commission. He started his career with the Forestry Commission in 1981 as a tower operator in Heber Springs, and 6 months later became a fulltime ranger. Arnold then moved his family to Conway, where he served as the county ranger until he was hired by Best Management Practices as a specialist. He ended his decadeslong career as the program coordinator for water quality. Arnold and his family were recently honored at a celebration at the Department of Agriculture headquarters in Little Rock. Arnold’s service to the State of Arkansas and to environmental conservation will never be forgotten, and I join all Arkansans in congratulating him on a remarkable career and a welldeserved retirement. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, Tamika Edwards, who has just been named executive director of the Social Justice Institute at Philander Smith College. Tamika has served her State and her country tirelessly throughout her whole career from her work as a former aide to U.S. Senator Blanche Lincoln, to her role as the Director of Governmental Affairs for Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families. 
A native of our hometown, Little Rock, Ms. Edwards is a graduate of the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff and a twotime alumna of the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, most recently in 2012 with her law degree. Ms. Edwards’ passion for ensuring all voices are heard will serve her well as she oversees the Social Justice Institute’s crucial work of educating students and the community in advocating for equal opportunity, treatment, and respect. So, again, I would like to congratulate Ms. Edwards on her new position of leadership, and I look forward to working with her. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Neomi Rao, the current Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, for her important work in reducing the power of the Federal administrative state. Beginning in 2013, I outlined how our economic recovery was subpar in comparison to postWorld War II recoveries, in part due to the wet blanket of the avalanche of Federal costs imposed by the previous administration. In Arkansas, we have seen Federal regulatory agencies have devastating economic effects on our farmers, our small business people, nonprofits, schools, colleges, and State agencies. Then comes Neomi Rao, and in her first year as administrator of OIRA, she led the way with the delay or withdrawal of 1,579 planned regulatory actions, leading to almost $8 billion in lifetime savings for the economy and the American people. These successes have not stopped in 2018, where she has been working with every agency to set a negative regulatory cost allocation to provide our local businesses, farmers, and schools the relief that they need. I commend Administrator Rao for her work at OMB in cutting red tape in Washington and giving control back to our States, our local communities, and our hardworking taxpayers. 
CELEBRATING THE BIRTHDAY AND LIFE OF NORA MAE PIERCE GAULDEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the birthday and the life of Nora Mae Pierce Gaulden, born August 27, 1930, in Rock Hill, South Carolina. Nora Mae originally grew up in Cullowhee, North Carolina, in part of what is known as the Nantahala National Forest. She would grow up on a rural farm during the Depression and experience all the hardships associated with that era. ‘‘If you didn’t farm, you didn’t eat,’’ she would say, and the family would often barter and trade for their needs as they navigated life. Around the time of her 18th birthday, times began to change, and the family heard about a large company that would be hiring to fill shift work and laborers for a large facility being built down at the Piedmont. That company would be known as Celanese, and it was this turn of events in her life that brought her to her present hometown of Rock Hill, South Carolina. The family would uproot and set out across the mountain to see what this new place could bring. As a new employee, employee number 47, Nora was tasked with learning the job and then training others to fill shifts. She remembers sleeping on a bench while others worked and trained during these times, sometimes staying all night while work was ramping up. She would work there for 21 years, marry, grow a family, and eventually set on a direction leading her to today. Celanese was going to place her on shift work, so she decided to take a package instead and went to the unemployment office. There, she ran into Woodrow Byrum. ‘‘He told me not to even sign the papers, and come with him. I didn’t even get to draw my first check.’’ He needed someone to do food for the workers, so of course she went straight to work. That path led her to M. Lowenstein Corporation’s Rock Hill Printing and Finishing plant located in downtown Rock Hill. She would begin working there in 1959 and would stay on through the many changes, from the height of the textile boom to its slow demise within the Carolinas. Many role changes and job requirements would come and go. The Rock Hill Printing and Finishing Company would eventually be sold to Springs Industries, and she would see even more changes in her life up until her expected retirement in 1993. However, one large change was looming on the horizon. That retirement would be postponed due to the loss of her husband, Rufus, who suffered an unfortunate drowning accident 6 months before their retirement. Several friends and family close to her advised her to continue working, so that is exactly what she decided to do. ‘‘I told Rufus to build me a porch, so we could sit and rock and look out once we both retired.’’ She would go on to say, ‘‘He never got to enjoy that.’’ She stayed on with Springs continuing to do the things she had done all of her life: love work, love family, love God, and never treat any one person better than another. That is her defining legacy. ‘‘God made all people,’’ she would say, ‘‘and He didn’t make one better than the other,’’ with her trademark finger pointing and one eye closed. Years would come and go. Time marched on, and part of Springs IndustriesSprings Creative would be born out of that time in 2007. Many things changed during those days, but Nora Mae did not. ‘‘I just stayed with the building.’’ She has continued to work with Springs and each year mulls over retirement. ‘‘Maybe this summer,’’ has been repeated over the last several years, ‘‘maybe not.’’ She keeps working hard, calls everyone her children, stays true to God, never changes, and reaches a milestone 88th birthday this year. For 70 years, she has been a part of the Rock Hill community, sharing herself with her love to everyone she meets and making this world a better place than when she found it. She would say, ‘‘God doesn’t change. Why should I?’’ Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to say what a great life this lady has lived. She is a great American, and she represents all that is good with this great country. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 45 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House, that they might judiciously balance seemingly irreconcilable interests. Help them to execute their consciences and judgments with clarity and purity of heart so that all might stand before You honestly and trust that You can bring forth righteous fruits from their labors. We thank You and so many staff who have worked hard to assist the Members in their work. May their efforts prove fruitful in the production of bills needed to fund the government into a future to benefit our great Nation. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THOSE KILLED OR WOUNDED IN SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY The SPEAKER. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of silence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, every American who works hard and plays by the rules should be able to retire in dignity, supported by the pension that they have earned. Instead of protecting these hardworking Americans, this Republican led Congress prioritized tax cuts for the biggest corporations and the wealthiest Americans. Now some of the largest pension plans for workers are on the verge of collapse; 1.5 million Americans, including 43,000 in my home State of Michigan, are at risk. These workers have earned their pensions. They worked a lifetime contributing to them, and now they are having the rug pulled out from under them? Patricia from Michigan is one of those retirees. Here is what she told my office: ‘‘I was a single mother raising one child. I thought putting money into the pension was my security. Now you want to take it away. I was never on welfare—I worked. If I lose my pension, I will not be able to pay for the basics: utilities, taxes, car insurance, food.’’ So unless Congress steps up, pensions for Americans like Patricia will be cut. Let’s vote on bipartisan legislation that I cosponsored, the Butch Lewis Act, which addresses this pension crisis. This legislation ensures that multiemployer pension plans remain solvent and continue providing retirees and workers with the retirement benefits that they have earned. It is long past time to take up this legislation. f 
TIME TO STRATEGICALLY ENGAGE WITH TRADE PARTNERS (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s erratic trade policies, including abrupt tweets on new tariffs or exemptions, are hurting American workers and making it harder for American businesses to compete. Last week, I had the opportunity to visit eight businesses in my district to better understand the impact of these tariffs. While each business was distinct, all shared a common message: Tariffs are creating uncertainty, raising the cost of doing business, and making it harder to hire and expand. These concerns were true across the businesses I visited, from a large manufacturer in Wheeling that saw a 30 percent to 40 percent increase in the price of domestic steel, to an educational toy and game company in Vernon Hills that had to redesign upcoming products. We certainly must hold bad actors who take advantage of trade rules to account, but President Trump’s tariffs on our allies are not working for the American people. It is time, instead, to strategically engage with our trade partners; end the misguided trade wars; and, instead, enact sensible, enforceable trade agreements that support American workers, American businesses, American intellectual property, and our environment. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 5, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on September 5, 2018, at 11:29 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 186. That the Senate passed S. 994. That the Senate passed S. 2553. That the Senate passed S. 3021. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 1109. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 5385. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 5772. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1635, EMPOWERING STUDENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FINANCIAL COUNSELING ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4606, ENSURING SMALL SCALE LNG CERTAINTY AND ACCESS ACT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1049 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1049 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4606) to provide that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the importation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas shall be granted without modification or delay. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. b1215 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, during consideration of this resolution all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 1049, which provides a structured rule for consideration of H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act, and a structured rule for H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. These bipartisan bills provide commonsense changes that will strengthen our economy by removing unnecessary regulatory burdens and improving financial counseling for our students. Student loan debt in our country hit a record high of $1.5 trillion in the first quarter of this year, Mr. Speaker. Furthermore, both the number and size of student loans are increasing, while the repayment rates are decreasing. Students are not receiving the proper counseling when they enroll in Federal aid programs. This has the potential to cost them immense amounts of money. Right now, schools are only required to provide entry and exit financial counseling to students who receive Federal loans. Often, the counseling offered does not give students a realistic understanding of their anticipated finances and income during their studies and after graduation, or information about other Federal aid programs they could turn to before a private loan. By enhancing the financial counseling offered and expanding it to students who receive Pell grants and to the parents of students who take out Federal loans to pay for their children’s education, students will better be able to manage their finances and maximize their opportunities, saving themselves and the taxpayers money every single year. Mr. Speaker, we provide over $120 billion of Federal student aid every year, without providing adequate education and support about how to use those funds. This must change. With this bill, we will begin to give our students the tools and resources necessary to ensure they put themselves in the best financial position for the future. H.R. 1635 does just that. Additionally, the rule we are considering today makes in order several bipartisan amendments that are aimed at making this good bill even better. The rule that we are debating this afternoon, Mr. Speaker, also provides for consideration of H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act. This rule makes in order two Democrat amendments to this bipartisan bill which also will help strengthen our economy and create more American jobs. Mr. Speaker, as you know, the United States is now the world’s leading producer of oil and natural gas. And my home State of Wyoming ranks sixth in production of crude oil, and eighth in natural gas production. However, despite the important and even monumental efforts by the Trump administration so far, uncertainty and burdensome regulations still stifle operations and further growth. Currently, the Natural Gas Act does not specify an amount threshold for the Department of Energy’s lengthy regulatory process for the exportation of liquefied natural gas. This means that producers wanting to export a small amount of gas are forced to go through the same process as major producers. By providing greater regulatory certainty and a clear timetable for the 
process of exporting small amounts of LNG, we will better enable exporters to move forward with capitalintensive projects that create American jobs. We also are able, Mr. Speaker, through this bill, to preserve existing environmental laws and ensure that smallscale export facilities receive the proper review. Wyoming’s petroleum industry directly employs over 7,000 people, with an annual payroll of over $668 million, contributing over $900 million to our economy. The small scale LNG export market is a growing sector of our economy with immense potential that can further expand the economic benefits the petroleum industry yields to my State and to the Nation. This bill will open up markets where largescale exports are simply not economical and help jumpstart growth in this important industry. H.R. 4606 places smallscale exports on a level playing field with exports to free trade agreement nations. Many of our neighboring countries are forced to rely on unstable or unfriendly nations for their energy needs because the regulations we currently place on our smallscale LNG exporters makes exporting to these nations uneconomical. Mr. Speaker, by reducing these regulations, U.S. LNG exports can play an important role in rebuilding parts of the Caribbean devastated by hurricanes in 2017, as well as provide a stable source of energy. It will also prevent our neighbors from having to turn, potentially, to our adversaries to meet their energy needs. Mr. Speaker, we are in the midst of an energy boom that is revitalizing our economy. It is also putting us in a position where we can greatly assist our neighbor countries by providing them a stable source of energy and offering support in the event of a natural disaster. The current unnecessary and overly burdensome regulations on small LNG exporters prevent us from taking full advantage of this unprecedented growth in our energy production and industry. H.R. 4606 allows us to address this issue and to provide an additional boost to our economy. Mr. Speaker, the bills that will be considered under this rule are bipartisan bills that will help strengthen our economy and support our students. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this rule that will allow consideration of H.R. 4606 and H.R. 1635, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. As we return to the Capitol this week, there remains countless crises which demand our attention: children still separated from their families; children being murdered on school grounds, while this body stands idly by doing nothing, turning a blind eye to gun violence. We have trade wars started by this President which are raising the cost of businesses in our communities and putting some companies out of business. Finally, the government runs out of funding at the end of the month, the end of this month, Mr. Speaker. We find ourselves facing yet another Republican government shutdown. But instead of funding the government and averting a shutdown, the majority has decided that these two bills are the best use of our time. That is right. The majority believes that the best use of what precious legislative time remains, 10 days, is to codify a DOE rulemaking that was just recently finalized. Why don’t we provide some meaningful oversight over this administration? We have agency after agency attacking our Nation’s workers, students, homeowners, and the health of our environment. We have a President who is starting trade wars and, reportedly, is itching to start real wars. But instead, all the majority is interested in doing is bringing unnecessary bills on the margins, such as the ones that we are considering today. The first bill, H.R. 4606, will codify into law a Department of Energy rulemaking that went into effect less than 3 weeks ago. H.R. 4606 is a solution in search of a problem. The current approval process is working. However, by enshrining this rule into law, the majority is, in essence, saying that all small scale exports of LNG are always and will always be in the public’s interest and will continue to be so. This is shortsighted and, if it turns out to be wrong, it will be much harder to correct this policy once it becomes law than if it were to remain a current DOE rule. In addition, we are considering H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. I wish to credit my Republican colleagues. This is a bipartisan bill. This is an example of what can be done when bills are given full hearings, a markup, and represent the consensus of the people’s House. Unfortunately, the benefits of this bill are mitigated by actions from this administration that make it harder for students. For example, this past February, Republicans on the Education and the Workforce Committee passed the PROSPER Act. The socalled PROSPER Act is a highly partisan reauthorization of the Higher Education Act that cuts nearly $15 billion from Federal student aid, leaving students with more expensive loans that are more difficult to repay; more expensive loans for young Americans with the highest interest rates in nearly a decade. And just last week, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s student loan ombudsman, whose job was to protect student borrowers from predatory lending practices, resigned, resigned from his position. In his resignation letter, Seth Frotman wrote that the Trump administration has ‘‘turned its back on young people and their financial futures.’’ Mr. Frotman also stated that under the leadership of Acting Director Mulvaney, ‘‘. . . the Bureau has abandoned the very consumers it is tasked by Congress with protecting’’ and that Director Mulvaney has ‘‘. . . used the Bureau to serve the wishes of the most powerful financial companies in America,’’ not surprising to me. Mr. Frotman wrote that the Bureau has failed student loan borrowers. While this bill may help, H.R. 1635, in no way, reverses the damage this administration has caused our students. Congress is supposed to be a check on the administration, not a rubber stamp. The rule we are considering makes in order two amendments to H.R. 4606 and seven amendments in order to H.R. 1635. I am deeply disappointed that my two amendments were not made in order to H.R. 1635. My amendments would have helped students who have suffered from the closure of schools or school branches. When schools close, it is the students who are the real losers. They are saddled with debt and left having to navigate a complicated process for loan relief. b1230 The two amendments I offered would have streamlined the process for students to have their loans discharged, ensuring that bureaucracy didn’t slow down providing these students the relief that they need, and fixed the Pell grant process to make sure that students wouldn’t be limited in pursuing their educational goals at a new institution. These are bipartisan ideas, which have been reviewed by the current administration. I am disappointed that the House wouldn’t even allow an open process; however, I am certainly not surprised. After all, this is the most closed Congress in our Nation’s history. I hope that we can aim to do better and give our constituents a real debate in this House. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the Rules Committee, Mrs. TORRES , for her comments today. I think that Mrs. TORRES and I both agree that Congress needs to ensure that we are playing our constitutional role, and that is why I find it particularly surprising that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to further empower the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is a completely unaccountable and, I would argue, unconstitutional agency. In fact, statutorily, Mr. Speaker, with the regulation of student loans under the Higher Education Act, Congress has charged the Department of 
Education with this obligation and responsibility, not the CFPB, and that is where we think it should belong. We don’t think that the answer to congressional oversight and to increasing congressional oversight is to give further power to a completely unaccountable Federal agency. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule providing for consideration of H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act. Mr. Speaker, the United States is currently experiencing an energy renaissance. Liquefied natural gas production, or LNG, in the United States is playing a major role in the changing of the international landscape, with America now leading the way in innovative new LNG technologies and becoming a major energy exporter. I am proud to say that much of this national accomplishment comes as a result of the contributions of many LNG endeavors based in my district in south Louisiana. The success we are currently experiencing is just the beginning. During this Congress, we have worked with the Trump administration to roll back many of the previous administration’s regulations that injured American industry. In fact, the previous executive branch, in many ways, actually weaponized Federal agencies against the oil and gas industry. Conservatives in this Congress have worked to implement commonsense reforms like the legislation we are considering today to revive the American energy industry and bring energy security to our Nation. H.R. 4606 would provide for the expeditious consideration of NEPA exclusion applications to import and export small quantities of natural gas. This is a needed reform that will help encourage economic development and create jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support today’s combined rule that includes this legislation and to support the full measure when it comes to the floor for a final vote. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as the cost to attend college has continued to rise, so has the amount of debt students and their parents have had to take on. According to the Federal Reserve, the outstanding loan debt stands at approximately $1.5 trillion and climbing. This debt load has hampered the ability of young graduates to buy their first home, a car, or start a small business. Congress needs to do more to help students and their parents deal with the student loan crisis. This is why I rise today to offer my colleagues on the other side of the aisle the opportunity to pass a comprehensive bill to ensure that every student has a path to a debtfree degree or credential that leads to a rewarding career. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 6543, the Aim Higher Act. This thoughtful proposal invests in our students, making higher education more affordable while also addressing the rising costs of college. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman TORRES for her leadership and Ms. CHENEY for her hard work on the Rules Committee. Mr. Speaker, in 1965, when President Lyndon Johnson signed the Higher Education Act, he said that it meant ‘‘that a high school senior anywhere in this great land of ours can apply to any college or any university in any of the 50 States and not be turned away because their family is poor.’’ Unfortunately, 53 years later, the promise of an affordable education is out of reach for millions of students. In May of this year, America’s outstanding student loan debt surpassed $1.5 trillion. With the cost of college education and the debt needed to afford it growing each year, Americans are demanding action to lower the crushing costs of higher education; and thus it is imperative that we pass a comprehensive update to the Higher Education Act which deals with the full menu of Federal policy that will keep higher education affordable. Unfortunately, the majority has failed to bring HEA to the floor in that long overdue rewrite, and today we are only left with the Financial Counseling bill that we are going to vote on, which is just a sliver of what we need to do to build America’s future workforce. In 2008, the last HEA was negotiated under thenChairman George Miller and passed the House and Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support. Fast forward to last December, the majority introduced the misnamed PROSPER Act, a misguided attempt to update HEA that guts $15 billion from Federal student aid and diverts taxpayer money to lowquality, predatory programs. Unlike 2008, this bill squeaked out of the Education and Workforce Committee on a partyline vote. Fortunately, that bill has not seen the light of day ever since. In the absence of any movement on a long overdue update of HEA, I am pleased to report that committee Democrats stepped into this vacuum and introduced the Aim Higher Act, a comprehensive approach to higher education. Under the Aim Higher Act, every student will have the opportunity to earn a quality, debtfree degree or credential that leads to a rewarding career. This bill makes a number of changes to higher education to make degrees more affordable and easier to pay off. It provides 2 years of tuitionfree community college to every high school graduate through FederalState partnerships, incentivizes States to reinvest in their 4year public colleges and universities, and makes Federal financial aid more generous to keep pace with increased tuition costs. Additionally, knowing that 4year college isn’t for everyone and that our workforce needs are changing, our bill allows students to use their Pell grants for quality, shortterm certificate programs that provide an accelerated path to the workforce. As I mentioned before, our student loan debt is at the highest level it has ever been, $1.5 trillion. That is the highest amount of consumer debt outside of mortgages. This debt burden is a drag not on just the student graduate or a family, it is a drag on our entire economy that impacts when or if a buyer can buy a home, start a family, get a small business off the ground, or change careers. Today, many interest rates for student loans are often far higher than other consumer borrowing, yet, like other forms of debt, student loans cannot be refinanced as interest rates drop, saddling 25 million borrowers with thousands of dollars in extra debt. Our bill fixes that and will allow students to refinance their loans to more affordable rates. Looking at the nationwide shortage of teachers and primary care doctors, our bill preserves the effective Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, which the PROSPER Act abolished, to encourage talented individuals to pursue careers in highneed fields. It also expands the program to address challenges in our farming communities, where the average farmer age is now 58 years old and new farmers entering the field have drooped by 20 percent. The Aim Higher Act isn’t just focused on cutting the cost of higher education; it is also focused on improving the quality of higher education. It cracks down on predatory institutions that waste student and taxpayer money by peddling expensive, lowquality programs. Our veterans who have earned their GI Bill benefits through service and sacrifice are frequent targets and victims of fraudulent schools, as Mrs. Holly Petraeus, the wife of General David Petraeus, crisscrossed America a couple years ago as a representative of the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau to warn veterans of these ripoffs. And finally, the Aim Higher Act gives students the tools they need to 
graduate on time. We invest in campus childcare for student parents, subsidized housing for homeless and foster youth, faculty training for students with disabilities, and community centers to help student veterans transition to civilian life. Policy is defined by priorities. Instead of spending limited resources on a tax cut for those who don’t need it, we believe that we should invest in our children and in the future of our economy. That is what the Aim Higher Act does. Mr. Speaker, I hope you will join us in pushing for a higher education system that puts the promise of quality, debtfree degrees and a rewarding career within the reach of all Americans. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Chairwoman for recognizing me. Mr. Speaker, I represent rural eastern and southeastern Ohio, which is no stranger to the benefits of natural gas. It sits on top of the Utica and Marcellus shale plays, which have led to a growing interest in new and exciting manufacturing opportunities, like ethane cracker plants and ethane storage hubs. Those opportunities have become viable thanks to new technologies that have led to an increase in natural gas production. But that increased production has also been the result of the growing demand for excess U.S. natural gas. H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act, will help ensure the United States takes full advantage of our opportunities for excess small scale LNG exports, along with encouraging production opportunities here at home. Specifically, this bipartisan bill provides that applications under the Natural Gas Act for the importation or exportation of small volumes of natural gas, that being defined as 0.14 billion cubic feet per day, shall be granted without delay, but only if they do not require an environmental assessment under the National Environmental Policy Act. Despite the U.S. being the world’s leading producer of oil and natural gas, American companies are unable to efficiently export small quantities of gas to neighboring countries. By reducing regulatory constraints and codifying a similar rule issued by the Department of Energy, H.R. 4606 will better allow our domestic providers the opportunity to provide a stable source of U.S. energy to countries currently reliant on Venezuelan fuel oil, which has been used to gain influence in countries in the Caribbean and Central and South America. This effort to increase U.S. energy opportunities within the region is not new, as the previous administration also sought to increase energy engagement through the creation of the Caribbean Energy Security Initiative. As many independent and DOEcommissioned studies have confirmed, the benefits of natural gas exports are clear. They are a net positive to our domestic economy, but that is not the only benefit. As Puerto Rico continues to rebuild after the devastating hurricane in 2017, increased shipments and availability of reliable U.S. natural gas can help the island meet its energy needs. Additionally, LNG exports can only serve to strengthen U.S. ties with countries throughout the region. With U.S. natural gas reserves as large as they are and with new technological advancements allowing our producers to access an increasing amount of natural gas each and every day, it is imperative that the U.S. take full advantage of this abundant resource and the economic benefits it provides here at home. H.R. 4606 is a step in that direction. It will strengthen U.S. geopolitical ties, increase job creation, and promote economic growth as a result. Mr. Speaker, I encourage everyone to vote for this rule and this commonsense underlying bill. b1245 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The House is currently scheduled to be in session for just 10 days before funding for the government runs out— 10 days. And while the House has passed partisan appropriation bills, none of them have been signed into law. If Congress fails to act, it will be the third time the government has shut down in 2018 alone—the third time. Let me remind my friends on the other side of the aisle that the Republican Party is in charge of the House. The Republican Party is in charge of the Senate and the White House. President Trump is again playing games, and without leadership from this House and our colleagues in the Senate, his desire for a government shutdown will cause real people pain and hurt our growing economy. Three thousand Federal workers in my district have heard President Trump tell them that they are the reason that we are in debt. Three thousand workers in my district and 2 million nationally are wondering if they will be furloughed, while corporations and millionaires get massive tax cuts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I again would like to thank my colleague from the Rules Committee for her work and her participation in this debate. I hope that the minority leader of the United States Senate, Mr. SCHUMER , might have been listening to her arguments just now, and I would just recall for our colleagues that it was the Democrats in the Senate, led by Mr. SCHUMER , who shut the government down earlier this year, not the Republicans. Mr. Speaker, it was the Democrats in the House and the Senate who walked away from the negotiations on the budget deal that we finally were able to strike, but not before they refused to show up for at least one meeting at the White House. So it is the case that the Republicans are in control of this body. It is the case that we have a majority in the Senate. As my colleague knows, we don’t have 60 votes in the Senate, and so Mr. SCHUMER and the Democrats in the Senate are able to gum up the works pretty extensively. But as for us in the House, we have, Mr. Speaker, been successful in passing all 12 appropriations bills. We have been successful in passing the necessary appropriations bills without the help of the Democrats in order to make sure that we are providing the funds that we need to keep the government open and keep the government functioning. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to participate in a goodfaith manner, particularly in the coming weeks as we deal with the Defense Appropriations bill once again on this floor, and just remind them how important it is that we make sure that our men and women in uniform receive the funds that they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON) and my colleague from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) for their important and hard work on these bills. We must continue to roll back the regulatory burdens that make doing business in our country so difficult. We also have to give our students the tools they need to maximize their opportunities for success and to understand the financial liabilities that they are undertaking when they receive these student loans. We don’t want them to have a future that is diminished by the burden of unnecessary debt that they can’t repay once they graduate. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the rule and passage of the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mrs. TORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1049 O FFERED BY  MS. TORRES  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6543) to amend and strengthen the Higher Education Act of 1965 so that every student has a path to a quality, debtfree degree or credential that leads to a rewarding career. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to 
the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6543. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution ....  [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a period of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1302 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Alabama) at 1 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 224, noes 180, not voting 24, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Barletta Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Capuano DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Gohmert Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Loebsack Maloney, Sean Messer Palazzo Pelosi Poe (TX) Rice (SC) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Sanford Sensenbrenner Speier Titus Yarmuth 
b1336 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure, and let me thank Mr. MCCAUL and Ms. KELLY , both members of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for authoring this important legislation and Chairman ROYCE for bringing it to the floor. One of the most important things that we deal with on our committee is protecting the lives of the brave American citizens working at our embassies and consulates abroad. This legislation will help us improve the way we provide embassy security. This bill would also authorize the embassy security, construction, and maintenance account for the next year at $2.3 billion, the same level appropriated for the account this year. Now, what has me concerned is the Trump administration has asked Congress to slash embassy security by $700 million. That just isn’t right. Mr. Speaker, the clearest indication of an administration’s priorities is its annual budget. Frankly, it is astounding to me that the Trump administration has proposed such massive cuts to embassy security funding for 2 years in a row. On the campaign trail, President Trump spent a lot of time blaming Secretary Clinton for the tragic attacks on our consulate in Benghazi. He did so with little regard for the facts. Secretary Pompeo, as a Member of this body, especially during the time of the absurd Benghazi Select Committee, expressed a great deal of outrage over the handling of diplomatic security. Now they have tried to cut funding for embassy security at every opportunity. My message for them is simple: There is no cost too high to protect the lives of our diplomats and their families. I wish the President and the Secretary understood that. Fortunately, Congress has the last word on these issues. We have come together in a bipartisan way for the past 2 years and rejected President Trump’s draconian cuts to embassy security funding. This bill represents another rejection of the Trump administration’s dangerous proposal. Additionally, I would like to highlight two provisions in the bill. The first requires that all U.S. Government employees traveling abroad on official business receive a written or oral security briefing from the State Department on potential threats. This is a commonsense measure, and it is, honestly, bizarre that it isn’t already required. Second, I also want to thank Mr. MCCAUL and Ms. K ELLY for including language that requires the State Department to provide our committee with a strategy for establishing a physical diplomatic presence in countries in which we currently have no physical diplomatic presence. Lastly, I strongly support a universal approach to U.S. representation abroad, and I continue to be disappointed that we have no embassies in several countries in the Eastern Caribbean where Venezuela, Cuba, and others are present and active. Being absent significantly weakens U.S. leadership in the Caribbean and elsewhere around the globe. Finally, let me say, while I am pleased that we are advancing this legislation, I am disappointed that it is moving as a standalone bill and not as it was originally intended, as the title of our committee’s State Department authorization bill. Given the chairman’s hard work on the State Department authorization bill, I am sure that the gentleman shares my concern. I hope that we can breathe new life into the legislative effort by the end of this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for mentioning the State Department authorization. We are still working on that measure. We hope to move that. In the interim, though, the ability to move on the floor now with the embassy security measure is important. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, of course, a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and he is the author of this bill. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, the Embassy Security Authorization Act. Embassies are really the physical representation of the United States abroad. An American Embassy is the means in which the United States conducts its foreign policy and advances our interests around the world. Therefore, protecting our embassies and diplomats should be our number one priority. That is why my bill authorizes over $2.3 billion for embassy security. If enacted into law, this would be the first embassy security authorization in 15 years. Furthermore, my bill makes critical reforms in how we build future embassies and think about our security. In 1998, we had to reassess our embassy security when terrorists, at the direction of Osama bin Laden, bombed U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, killing over 220 people and injuring 4,000 more. In retrospect, these attacks foreshadowed bin Laden’s intentions to attack America. At the time, it forced us to reassess how we go about building our embassies and consulates. A year later, Congress adopted a standard embassy design for our missions abroad. This design improved security, expedited construction, and saved money. However, recently, we have deviated from the standard embassy design in favor of projects prioritizing aesthetics. Our embassies constantly face threats from hostile actors, even in friendly and allied countries. Our embassies are extensions of the homeland, and we must treat them as such. To that end, my bill would require the State Department to provide Congress with justification should an embassy or consulate project not use a standard design. While I appreciate the goal of displaying American might through a striking embassy design, we must prevent a repeat of Kenya and Tanzania. My bill, with the $2.3 billion authorization and standard design reforms, is a good step forward towards achieving that balance. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Ms. KELLY for her leadership on this issue, as well as Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their work on this important piece of legislation. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I will close by again thanking Chairman ROYCE for bringing this legislation to the floor. We have no greater duty on our committee than to protect Americans serving abroad. I am very pleased that we are making several essential fixes in our approach to embassy security in this legislation and authorizing the embassy security, construction, and maintenance at a robust level. We live in a dangerous time, and the Trump administration’s budget would put our diplomats at even greater risk than what they have already faced on a daily basis, so I am glad that the House is stepping in to do what is needed. Finally, let me say again, while I am pleased this bill is moving forward, I don’t believe the window has closed on getting a comprehensive State Department authorization bill to the President’s desk, and I continue to stand ready to work with the chairman to do just that. Mr. Speaker, I support the chairman’s motion; I urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, America’s embassies obviously are forward operating bases for our democracy, for our system. The brave men and women who serve at those posts represent our country on a daily basis and represent them often in a difficult and increasingly dangerous environment. As we have tragically seen before, diplomatic posts overseas are often the first and easiest targets our enemies choose to attack. Importantly, this legislation will improve the security, the functionality, and the efficiency of our embassies and our consulates through enhanced oversight and better management of the construction of new diplomatic facilities. So, again, I want to thank Chairman MIKEMCCAULof Texas, and I want to thank Representative ROBIN KELLY , as well as Ranking Member ENGEL and the many members of the committee from both sides of the aisle who have worked extensively on this important piece of legislation. Our embassies project American power. They do reflect our values. We owe it to our diplomats and the American people to build the best embassies possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4969, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CYBER DETERRENCE AND RESPONSE ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5576) to address statesponsored cyber activities against the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5576 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On February 13, 2018, the Director of National Intelligence stated in his testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence that ‘‘Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea will pose the greatest cyber threats to the United States during the next year’’ through the use of cyber operations as lowcost tools of statecraft, and assessed that these states would ‘‘work to use cyber operations to achieve strategic objectives unless they face clear repercussions for their cyber operations’’. (2) The 2017 Worldwide Threat Assessment of the United States Intelligence Community stated that ‘‘The potential for surprise in the cyber realm will increase in the next year and beyond as billions more digital devices are connected—with relatively little builtin security—and both nation states and malign actors become more emboldened and better equipped in the use of increasingly widespread cyber toolkits. The risk is growing that some adversaries will conduct cyber attacks—such as data deletion or localized and temporary disruptions of critical infrastructure—against the United States in a crisis short of war.’’. (3) On March 29, 2017, President Donald J. Trump deemed it necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13694 as ‘‘Significant malicious cyber enabled activities originating from, or directed by persons located, in whole or in substantial part, outside the United States, continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States.’’. (4) On January 5, 2017, former Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, former Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence, Marcel Lettre, and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, Admiral Michael Rogers, submitted joint testimony to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that stated ‘‘As of late 2016 more than 30 nations are developing offensive cyber attack capabilities’’ and that ‘‘Protecting critical infrastructure, such as crucial energy, financial, manufacturing, transportation, communication, and health systems, will become an increasingly complex national security challenge.’’. (5) There is significant evidence that hackers affiliated with foreign governments have conducted cyber operations targeting companies and critical infrastructure sectors in the United States as the Department of Justice and the Department of the Treasury have announced that— (A) on March 15, 2018, five Russian entities and 19 Russian individuals were designated under the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, as well as pursuant to Executive Order 13694, for interference in the 2016 United States elections and other malicious cyberenabled activities; (B) on March 24, 2016, seven Iranians working for Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corpsaffiliated entities were indicted for conducting distributed denial of service attacks against the financial sector in the United States from 2012 to 2013; and (C) on May 19, 2014, five Chinese military hackers were charged for hacking United States companies in the nuclear power, metals, and solar products industries, and engaging in economic espionage. (6) In May 2017, North Korea released ‘‘WannaCry’’ pseudoransomware, which posed a significant risk to the economy, national security, and the citizens of the United States and the world, as it resulted in the infection of over 300,000 computer systems in more than 150 countries, including in the healthcare sector of the United Kingdom, demonstrating the global reach and cost of cyberenabled malicious activity. (7) In June 2017, Russia carried out the most destructive cyberenabled operation in history, releasing the NotPetya malware that caused billions of dollars’ worth of damage within Ukraine and across Europe, Asia, and the Americas. (8) In May 2018, the Department of State, pursuant to section 3(b) of Executive Order 13800, prepared recommendations to the President on Deterring Adversaries and Better Protecting the American People From Cyber Threats, which stated ‘‘With respect to activities below the threshold of the use of force, the United States should, working with likeminded partners when possible, adopt an approach of imposing swift, costly, and transparent consequences on foreign governments responsible for significant malicious cyber activities aimed at harming U.S. national interests.’’. 
SEC. 3. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS STATESPONSORED CYBER ACTIVITIES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION AS A CRITICAL CYBER  THREAT ACTOR .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of State, and in coordination with other relevant Federal agency heads, shall designate as a critical cyber threat actor— (A) each foreign person and each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state that the President determines to be knowingly responsible for or complicit in, or have engaged in, directly or indirectly, statesponsored cyber activities that are reasonably likely to result in, or have contributed to, a significant threat to the national security, foreign policy, or economic health or financial stability of the United States and that have the purpose or effect of— (i) causing a significant disruption to the availability of a computer or network of computers; (ii) harming, or otherwise significantly compromising the provision of service by, a computer or network of computers that support one or more entities in a critical infrastructure sector; (iii) significantly compromising the provision of services by one or more entities in a critical infrastructure sector; 
(iv) causing a significant misappropriation of funds or economic resources, trade secrets, personal identifiers, or financial information for commercial or competitive advantage or private financial gain; (v) destabilizing the financial sector of the United States by tampering with, altering, or causing a misappropriation of data; or (vi) interfering with or undermining election processes or institutions by tampering with, altering, or causing misappropriation of data; (B) each foreign person that the President has determined to have knowingly, significantly, and materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, any activities described in subparagraph (A) by a foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subparagraph (A); and (C) each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state that the President has determined to have significantly and materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services to or in support of, any activities described in subparagraph (A) by a foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subparagraph (A). (2) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The President shall— (i) publish in the Federal Register a list of each foreign person and each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under this subsection; and (ii) regularly update such list not later than seven days after making any changes to such list, and publish in the Federal Register such updates. (B) EXCEPTION .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The President may withhold from publication in the Federal Register under subparagraph (A) the identification of any foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under this subsection if the President determines that withholding such identification— (I) in the national interests of the United States; or (II) is for an important law enforcement purpose. (ii) TRANSMISSION .—If the President exercises the authority under this subparagraph to withhold from publication in the Federal Register the identification of a foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under this subsection, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees in classified form a report containing any such identification, together with the reasons for such exercise. (b) NONTRAVEL RELATED SANCTIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President shall impose one or more of the applicable sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to each foreign person and each agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subsection (a). (2) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this paragraph are the following: (A) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of non humanitarian United States development assistance under chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (B) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of United States security assistance under part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (C) The President may direct the United States executive director to each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to oppose any loan from the international financial institution that would benefit the designated foreign person or the designated agency or instrumentality of a foreign state. (D) The President may direct the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, or any other United States Government agency not to approve the issuance of any (or a specified number of) guarantees, insurance, extensions of credit, or participations in the extension of credit. (E) The President may, pursuant to such regulations or guidelines as the President may prescribe, prohibit any United States person from investing in or purchasing significant amounts of equity or debt instruments of the designated foreign person. (F) The President may, pursuant to procedures the President shall prescribe, which shall include the opportunity to appeal actions under this subparagraph, prohibit any United States agency or instrumentality from procuring, or entering into any contract for the procurement of, any goods, technology, or services, or classes of goods, technology, or services, from the designated foreign person or the designated agency or instrumentality of a foreign state. (G) The President may order the heads of the appropriate United States agencies to not issue any (or a specified number of) specific licenses, and to not grant any other specific authority (or a specified number of authorities), to export any goods or technology to the designated foreign person or the designated agency or instrumentality of a foreign state under— (i) the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as continued in effect pursuant the International Emergency Economic Powers Act); (ii) the Arms Export Control Act; (iii) the Atomic Energy Act of 1954; or (iv) any other statute that requires the prior review and approval of the United States Government as a condition for the export or reexport of goods or services. (H)(i) The President may exercise all of the powers granted to the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (except that the requirements of section 202 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in property and interests in property of the designated foreign person if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (ii) The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regulations prescribed under clause (i) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of such section 206. (I) The President may, pursuant to such regulations as the President may prescribe, prohibit any transfers of credit or payments between one or more financial institutions or by, through, or to any financial institution, to the extent that such transfers or payments are subject to the jurisdiction of the United States and involve any interest of the designated foreign person. (c) TRAVEL RELATED SANCTIONS .— (1) ALIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMISSION , 
OR PAROLE .—An alien who is designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subsection (a) is— (A) inadmissible to the United States; (B) ineligible to receive a visa or other documentation to enter the United States; and (C) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (2) CURRENT VISAS REVOKED .—The issuing consular officer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of either such Secretaries) shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to the foreign person designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subsection (a) regardless of when issued. A revocation under this clause shall take effect immediately and shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the possession of such foreign person. (d) ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITHRESPECT  
TOFOREIGN STATES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President may impose any of the sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to the government of each foreign state that the President has determined aided, abetted, or directed a foreign person or agency or instrumentality of a foreign state designated as a critical cyber threat actor under subsection (a). (2) SANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions referred to in paragraph (1) are the following: (A) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of non humanitarian or nontraderelated assistance United States development assistance under chapter 1 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (B) The President may provide for the withdrawal, limitation, or suspension of United States security assistance under part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961. (C) The President may instruct the United States Executive Director to each appropriate international financial institution to oppose, and vote against the extension by such institution of any loan or financial assistance to the government of the foreign state. (D) No item on the United States Munitions List (established pursuant to section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778)) or the Commerce Control List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, may be exported to the government of the foreign state. (e) IMPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sections 203 and 205 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (f) COORDINATION .—To the extent practicable— (1) actions taken by the President pursuant to this section should be coordinated with United States allies and partners; and (2) the Secretary of State should work with United States allies and partners, on a voluntary basis, to lead an international diplomatic initiative to— (A) deter critical cyber threat actors and statesponsored cyber activities; and (B) provide mutual support to such allies and partners participating in such initiative to respond to such statesponsored cyber activities. (g) EXEMPTIONS , WAIVERS , AND REMOVALS  
OFSANCTIONS AND DESIGNATIONS .— (1) MANDATORY EXEMPTIONS .—The fol lowing activities shall be exempt from sanctions under subsections (b), (c), and (d): (A) Activities subject to the reporting requirements of title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 413 et seq.), or to any authorized intelligence activities of the United States. (B) Any transaction necessary to comply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and 
the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed June 26, 1947, and entered into force on November 21, 1947, or under the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, signed April 24, 1963, and entered into force on March 19, 1967, or under other international obligations. (2) WAIVER .—The President may waive the imposition of sanctions described in this section for a period of not more than one year, and may renew such waiver for additional periods of not more than one year, if the President transmits to the appropriate congressional committees a written determination that such waiver meets one or more of the following requirements: (A) Such waiver is in the national interests of the United States. (B) Such waiver will further the enforcement of this Act or is for an important law enforcement purpose. (C) Such waiver is for an important humanitarian purpose. (3) REMOVALS OF SANCTIONS AND DESIGNA TIONS .—The President may prescribe rules and regulations for the removal of sanctions under subsections (b), (c), and (d) and the removal of designations under subsection (a) if the President determines that a foreign person, agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, or government of a foreign state subject to such sanctions or such designations, as the case may be, has verifiably ceased its participation in any of the conduct with respect to which such foreign person, agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, or government of a foreign state was subject to such sanctions or designation, as the case may be, under this section, and has given assurances that such foreign person, agency or instrumentality of a foreign state, or government of a foreign state, as the case may be, will no longer participate in such conduct. (4) EXCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under subsection (c) shall not apply to a foreign person if admitting such foreign person into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international obligations. (h) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or any other provision of law to impose sanctions to address critical cyber threat actors and malicious state sponsored cyber activities. (i) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) ADMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admitted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (3) AGENCY OR INSTRUMENTALITY OF A FOR EIGN STATE .—The term ‘‘agency or instrumentality of a foreign state’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1603(b) of title 28, United States Code. (4) CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE SECTOR .—The term ‘‘critical infrastructure sector’’ means any of the designated critical infrastructure sectors identified in the Presidential Policy Directive entitled ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience’’, numbered 21, and dated February 12, 2013. (5) FOREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (6) FOREIGN STATE .—The term ‘‘foreign state’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1603(a) of title 28, United States Code. (7) KNOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (8) MISAPPROPRIATION .—The term ‘‘misappropriation’’ means taking or obtaining by improper means, without permission or consent, or under false pretenses. (9) STATE SPONSORED CYBER ACTIVITIES .— The term ‘‘statesponsored cyber activities’’ means any malicious cyberenabled activities that— (A) are carried out by a government of a foreign state or an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state; or (B) are carried out by a foreign person that is aided, abetted, or directed by a government of a foreign state or an agency or instrumentality of a foreign state. (10) UNITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in recent years, foreign adversaries have developed sophisticated cyber capabilities that can disrupt our network, that can threaten our critical infrastructure, and that harm our economy and undermine our elections. Malicious cyber activity topped the Director of National Intelligence’s list of worldwide threats in 2018—topped it—ahead of terrorism and weapons of mass destruction; and in testimony before this Congress, Director Coats stated: ‘‘Frankly, the United States is under attack.’’ A report by the White House Council of Economic Advisers estimates that malicious cyber activity cost the U.S. economy between $57 billion and over $100 billion in 2016 alone. But it is not just the economic cost of cyber incidents that we should worry about. There are real physical costs to these online attacks as well. Last year’s WannaCry cyberattack by the North Korea regime compromised the U.K.’s healthcare sector, if you will recall. In 2016, Russian cyber actors attempted to interfere in our election—an assault on our very democracy—and these attacks by Russia continue today. Despite the gravity of this threat, the U.S. continues to lack a unified framework to deter and respond to statesponsored cyber activities. I applaud Representative YOHO and Ranking Member ENGEL for introducing the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act, which establishes a framework for deterring and responding to statesponsored malicious cyber activity against this country. Consistent with the State Department’s recommendation to the President on deterrence in cyberspace, this bill will ensure swift, powerful, and transparent consequences against bad actors online. Specifically, this bill requires the President to designate as a critical cyber threat actor each foreign person or each foreign agency of a foreign state that the President determines is responsible for statesponsored cyber activities that pose a significant threat to the national security, foreign policy, economic health, or financial stability of the United States. In effect, this would codify America’s longstanding unofficial policy of naming and shaming bad actors in cyberspace. Further, this bill would require the President to impose sanctions from a menu of options against any critical cyber threat actor. Finally, the bill calls on the President to coordinate designations and sanctions with our allies and partners to maximize their effectiveness. The Secretary of State is to lead an international diplomatic initiative to deter statesponsored cyber activities and promote mutual support to our allies and partners to respond to malicious cyber incidents. This legislation will put countries like Iran, North Korea, and Russia on notice that the United States is prepared to impose tough consequences for cyber attacks. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. EDROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing concerning H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services concerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo action on the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. The Committee 
on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 5576, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5576 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration thereof. Sincerely, JEBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. JEBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5576 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. As you know, certain provisions of the bill fall within the jurisdiction of Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Based on your consultation with the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and so the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor, I agree to discharging the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform from further consideration of H.R. 5576. I agree that forgoing formal consideration of the bill will not prejudice the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with respect to any future jurisdictional claim, and I appreciate your agreement to support appointment of members of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform as conferees in any HouseSenate conference on this or related legislation. In addition, I request the Committee be consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so we may address any remaining issues within our jurisdiction. Finally, I request you include your letter and this response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. TREYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this resolution or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5576 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as it moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 20, 2018. Hon. BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of your committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any HouseSenate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on this measure into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as it moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
b1400 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation authored by Congressman YOHO, who did great work with this bill, along with Chairman ROYCE and other members of our committee. Mr. Speaker, every day, America faces cyber threats from around the world. Countries, including Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea, have attacked our companies, our infrastructure, our government, and even the very heart of our democracy, our elections. The Cyber Deterrence and Response Act is a step in responding to these threats. This bill requires the President to impose sanctions on those who participate in a statesponsored cyber attack against the United States. These farreaching sanctions could be targeted to individuals, entities, and states themselves that perpetrate these attacks. These include attacks against critical infrastructure, public and private computer networks, and any sector that would jeopardize America’s national security, foreign policy, economic health, or financial stability. This is a bipartisan, good bill, and I urge all Members to support it. But let me be clear: This bill does not do nearly enough to respond to Putin’s attack on our democracy. We must continue to do this, but this is an important step and a very good step, and is indicative of the bipartisan cooperation that we have in the Foreign Affairs Committee, which is very, very important when we are dealing with foreign affairs. Our adversaries need to know that we are united, and that is what a bill like this does. So I congratulate Mr. YOHO for his hard work on this bill. It is a welcome effort to enhance our response to cyber attacks, but it is a BandAid on a bullet wound, if we don’t do anything else. We need to keep doing these kinds of things. Those countries that would wish us ill, we have to let them know that we are not going to just stand idly by and be a target. In 2016, our Nation was attacked. The very core of our democratic process was hit by Russian cyber forces, and our government has been woefully negligent to adequately respond. I thank Republican leadership for bringing this bill forward, but we really need to address the critical issue of our vulnerability to these cyber attacks. If we do that, they will bring forward one of the many other stronger bills on this matter as well, for example, my bill that I introduced with Mr. CONNOLLY , the SECURE Our Democracy Act; or the Secure America from Russian Interference Act, which includes my bill; and more than a dozen others. These bills constitute a strong, decisive response that matches the gravity of the threat we face. These bills would require the President to impose sanctions on those who attacked our elections in 2016 and would do much, much more to shore up our election system. For over a year, I have been pushing and pleading that the bill moves forward. I hope it will move forward as well. We need to go on record now and say whether we will do everything in our power to stop another attack on American democracy, or whether we will 
just step to the side with rhetoric and let it happen again. That is, again, why I am so happy to support this bill, because it shows that we are working together. But the point I want to make in collaboration with that is that we still have much more work to do. I know the committee, in a couple of weeks, is going to hold a very important hearing on Russia, and I think it is very important that we do that. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support this very good piece of legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and the author of this bill. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act. I thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL and his staff for helping usher this bill through the Foreign Affairs Committee. The threats of cyber attacks on our country and the American people are growing in their sophistication and frequency by the minute. Targeted attacks against the Federal Government, private businesses, and individual Americans continue to pose escalating threats to our Nation. Foreign adversaries like Iran, North Korea, Russia, and China have developed sophisticated cyber capabilities that can disrupt our networks, threaten our critical infrastructure, harm our economy, and undermine our elections. As Members of Congress, we must work to deter and respond to these statesponsored cyber attacks against the United States. This is why I stand here today to urge support for H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act. This legislation codifies and enhances the substance of the cyber executive orders that are currently the foundation of the United States cyber policy. This bill will enhance cybersecurity by defining statesponsored attacks and establishing strong penalties for wouldbe attackers. It will deter bad players from attacking the U.S. Government and our businesses. H.R. 5576 establishes a threestep process for the U.S. strategy to respond to cyber threats. The first step will require the President to identify and designate individuals and groups who are responsible for and are complicit in statesponsored cyber attacks as critical cyber threat actors. This nameandshame tactic will expose current hackers and deter future threats, making U.S. sanctions more consistent with other successful sanction procedures, like the SDN, which is a Specially Designated National list. The administration would then be tasked with imposing appropriate actions and sanctions on the designated actors. A third step would include imposing additional sanctions against the foreign governments that are behind these attacks. In this way, like our State Sponsors of Terrorism list and the Trafficking in Persons watch list, my legislation goes to the governments that are at the root of the threat, not stopping at the agents that carry out the attacks. As chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, I understand the importance of protecting our Nation from malicious cyber attackers. Some of the worst offenders fall inside my jurisdiction. It is vital that we improve our ability to thwart these potential devastating cyber attacks. Understand this: An attack on just one government agency or any individual business is an attack on all Americans. To adequately protect our national security from advancing threats, we must put politics aside and put our country first. The Cyber Deterrence and Response Act will do just that, and I encourage all my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), an original cosponsor of this legislation and a strong leader on cyber policy in Congress. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I would like to begin by thanking my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), for his leadership on this very important issue. I am very proud to have helped shape this strong bill, and I appreciate the gentleman’s bipartisan collaboration. Mr. Speaker, the international community has reached consensus on many norms of responsible state behavior in cyberspace. One key agreement reached by the joint 2015 Group of Governmental Experts is that responsible states do not use cyber means to damage or impair the operation of critical infrastructure that provides services to the public. Yet states regularly flaunt these international rules of the road. The North Koreans spread the WannaCry pseudoransomware last May. The Russians have targeted the electric grid in Ukraine and were behind NotPetya, the most devastating cyber incident in history. Closest to home, Russia launched an assault on our elections with the goal of undermining citizens’ faith in our democracy. President Obama recognized that protecting the Nation’s cyberspace has three components: improving our defenses to prevent hackers from getting in; increasing resilience to minimize the damage when they do get in; and imposing costs on states that act against our national interest. His executive orders, particularly 13694 and 13757, focused on this last point, holding nations accountable through sanctions when they or their agents target our critical infrastructure. Mr. YOHO’s bill codifies large portions of these executive orders, and it goes further by requiring the President to both designate critical cyber threats and to sanction them. I strongly support the underlying policy and the enhancements made by my friend from Florida. Mr. Speaker, I think we also need to go further. The September 2015 Obama Xi accord on Chinese economic espionage, which remains one of the most successful examples of cyber deterrence, relied on the threat of sanctions targeting the beneficiaries of China’s spying, not just PLA members. We must continue to work together in a bipartisan fashion to maximize the efficacy of sanctions, which are intended not to punish but to shape behavior. Most importantly, though, I hope the President takes more aggressive actions to protect American interests in cyberspace. I criticized President Obama’s response to Russia’s election interference as too little, too late, and, unfortunately, President Trump has been reticent to act against Russia. The norms we talk about are norms of behavior, and I remain deeply concerned that our absence of action in response to malign state activity is developing into a norm in and of itself. Actions, as they say, speak louder than words. However, all told, Mr. Speaker, this bill is an important first step in recognizing that cyber threats are the new weapon of choice for states that seek to sow discord and engage in conflict below the level of the threshold of war. I again thank Congressman YOHOfor introducing the bill and Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for supporting it. I strongly support H.R. 5576, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). He is a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He is a cosponsor of this legislation. He has formerly worked for the FBI on cyber issues, and we very much appreciate his expertise in this area. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, our adversaries continually engage in sophisticated cyber attacks designed to disrupt our critical infrastructure, harm our economy, and undermine our elections. As has been said time and time again, our Nation’s electoral process is sacred, and it must be protected at all costs from interference from all hostile foreign actors. In February, the Director of National Intelligence stated that Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea will pose the greatest cyber threats to the United States during the course of the next year. We have seen continued hostility from state actors like Russia to undermine our democratic institutions and 
trigger instability in Europe by weakening key partners like Ukraine and Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I saw this firsthand during my time as an FBI agent working both here domestically and overseas. We must make it clear to these hostile states that they will face harsh consequences for their cyber attacks. That is exactly what this bipartisan bill accomplishes. The Cyber Deterrence and Response Act establishes a clear framework to deter and respond to statesponsored cyber threats. It provides harsh sanctions through suspension of developmental assistance and credit allotment to nations engaged in malicious statesponsored cyber activities against our United States. We must hold these foreign actors accountable while strengthening the integrity of our intelligence community. I commend my colleague from Florida (Mr. YOHO) for introducing this bill, along with Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for bringing this vital matter to the floor. I urge my colleagues, Democrat and Republican alike, to support this critical legislation that is necessary to protect our national security. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ). He is a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and a cosponsor of this legislation as well. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my friend and colleague, Mr. YOHO, on the floor today with others to speak in support of this bipartisan bill, H.R. 5576, the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act. I would also like to give a special thanks to Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support of the bill and moving it through the committee process. Mr. Speaker, more than 30 nations are currently developing offensive cyber attack capabilities. Earlier this year, the Director of National Intelligence testified before Congress that Russia, China, Iran, and North Korea posed the greatest cyber threats to the United States. He continued and said work to use cyber operations to achieve strategic objectives will continue ‘‘unless they face clear repercussions for their cyber operations.’’ This bill puts in place those clear repercussions for nations that have and seek to continue to use cyber attacks against the U.S. Specifically, the legislation authorizes the President, acting through the Secretary of State, to designate, where appropriate, foreign persons or agencies as critical cyber threats. The bill also authorizes both travel and financial sanctions of individuals and agencies designated as critical cyber threats, and the legislation requires Congress to be briefed periodically on statesponsored cyber activities against the United States. This bill will help us better protect America’s critical infrastructure, national security, healthcare, energy, financial, transportation, and communication systems from hostile state sponsored cyber attacks. Additionally, the legislation is important to help us better protect American companies and manufacturers from hackers and cyber intruders. b1415 And maybe most importantly, H.R. 5576 will provide more tools for the U.S. to deter statesponsored efforts to attack our democratic institutions and electoral systems. I urge my colleagues to support me in voting in support of the Cyber Deterrence and Response Act of 2018. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I urge all my colleagues once again to support this measure. The scope of the cyber threat that we are facing is immense. This is a good bill, and moves us in the right direction, and I urge all our colleagues to support it. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE . As usual, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Congressman Y OHOfor their friendship and their hard work on this critical issue. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would really like to thank our colleagues here, especially Representative TEDYOHO, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL of New York. I also want to thank the Financial Services Committee that worked with us on this legislation. We want to thank, in addition, the Judiciary Committee. We had the Oversight and Government Reform Committee that worked with us as well in support of this bill. I think, as Mr. YOHO would share with you, the bill is truly a bipartisan endeavor that has been improved by contributions from multiple committees, government agencies, and the business community. And with the passage of this bill, Congress sends a strong message to our adversaries, that cyberattacks against the United States and against our allies will not be tolerated. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5576, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. GLOBAL ELECTORAL EXCHANGE ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5274) to promote international exchanges on best election practices, cultivate more secure democratic institutions around the world, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5274 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Electoral Exchange Act’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) recent elections globally have illustrated the urgent need for the promotion and exchange of international best election practices, particularly in the areas of cybersecurity, results transmission, transparency of electoral data, election dispute resolution, and the elimination of discriminatory registration practices and other electoral irregularities; (2) the advancement of democracy worldwide promotes American interests, as stable democracies provide new market opportunities, improve global health outcomes, and promote economic freedom and regional security; (3) credible elections are the cornerstone of a healthy democracy and enable all persons to exercise their basic human right to have a say in how they are governed; (4) inclusive elections strengthen the credibility and stability of democracies more broadly, as democratic institutions flourish when representative of all groups of society; (5) at the heart of a strong election cycle is the professionalism of the election management body and an empowered civil society; and (6) the development of local expertise via peertopeer learning and exchanges promotes the independence of such bodies from internal and external influence. 
(a) G LOBAL ELECTORAL EXCHANGE .—The Secretary of State is authorized to establish and administer a Global Electoral Exchange Program to promote the utilization of sound election administration practices around the world. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Global Electoral Exchange Program described in subsection (a) shall include the promotion and exchange of international best election practices, including in the areas of— (1) cybersecurity; (2) results transmission; (3) transparency of electoral data; (4) election dispute resolution; (5) the elimination of discriminatory registration practices and electoral irregularities; (6) equitable access to polling places, voter education information, and voting mechanisms (including by persons with disabilities); and (7) other sound election administration practices. (c) EXCHANGE OF ELECTORAL AUTHORI TIES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may, in consultation, as appropriate, with the United States Agency for International Development, make grants to any United Statesbased organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code with experience in comparative election systems or subject matter expertise in the areas of election administration or electoral integrity that submits an application in such form, and satisfying such requirements, as the Secretary may require. (2) TYPES OF GRANTS .—An organization described in paragraph (1) may receive a grant for one or more of the following purposes: (A) To design and implement programs bringing election administrators and officials, including government officials, poll workers, civil society representatives, members of the judiciary, and others who participate in the organization and administration of public elections in a foreign country to the United States to study election procedures in the United States for educational purposes. (B) To design and implement programs taking United States or another country’s election administrators and officials, including government officials, poll workers, civil society representatives, members of the judiciary, and others who participate in the organization and administration of public elections to study election procedures for educational purposes. (3) LIMITS ON ACTIVITIES .—Activities administered under the Global Electoral Exchange Program may not— (A) include observation of an election for the purposes of assessing the validity or legitimacy of that election; or (B) facilitate any advocacy for a certain electoral result by a grantee when participating in the Program. (4) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of State should establish and maintain a network of Global Electoral Exchange Program alumni, to promote communication and further exchange of information regarding sound election administration practices among current and former program participants. (5) FURTHER LIMITS .—A recipient of a grant under the Global Electoral Exchange Program may use such grant for only the purpose for which such grant was awarded, unless otherwise authorized by the Secretary of State. (6) NOT DUPLICATIVE .—Grants made under this subsection may not be duplicative of any other grants made under any other provision of law for similar or related purposes. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and in each of the following two years thereafter, the Secretary of State shall provide to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a briefing on the status of any activities carried out pursuant to this Act during the preceding year, which shall include, among other information, the following: (1) A summary of all exchanges conducted under the Global Electoral Exchange Program, including information regarding grantees, participants, and the locations where program activities were held. (2) A description of the criteria used to select grantees under the Global Electoral Exchange Program. (3) Any recommendations for the improvement of the Global Electoral Exchange Program, based on the purpose specified in section 3(b). 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, America is more secure when fewer nations are authoritarian, and that is the unfortunate alternative to democracy, are authoritarian strongmen. These strongmen regimes justify their repression at home by creating enemies abroad. Since the freedom we enjoy is a threat to authoritarian regimes, the U.S. and our allies are natural targets for their aggression. We have seen this, unfortunately, with Moscow, with Beijing, and with the regime in North Korea. This is why there is longstanding, bipartisan support in this Congress for our democracy promotion programs overseas. In recent years, however, we have seen democracy decline worldwide. This is fueled, in many cases, by a decreasing level of public confidence in democracy and in elections. Unfortunately, many people around the world just cannot trust that their elections are free and fair, and we have seen this happen in Honduras, in Cambodia, and in the DRC. The bill before us addresses these issues by crafting an international exchange program with an objective, and that is, of promoting capabilities and instilling best election practices around this planet. This twoway exchange program will support countries in between their election cycles when they have the time to assess shortcomings. And then it will help them during elections to integrate lessons learned, to build coalitions, and to implement reforms. Healthy societies depend on elections that accurately reflect the decision of voters. The world has a shared stake in the integrity of the election mechanisms—these are the nuts and bolts of how people cast their votes and how these votes are counted, and how they have done this free from manipulation. I want to close by noting that this is a very realtime concern, and particularly important in the Western Hemisphere, as there are national elections coming up this fall in Brazil, and next year in Bolivia and El Salvador. So I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of the bipartisan Global Electoral Exchange Act, H.R. 5274, which I introduced with my colleague, my Republican colleague, MARK MEADOWS , and also others, including my colleague from Texas, TED POE. I would like to first thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support on this legislation and helping bring it to the floor. It is important to note the bipartisanship of this legislation because strengthening democracies abroad is a critical national interest and one that can be supported by both sides of the aisle. In recent years, democracies have been reeling across the world, even in our own neighborhood. This is a reversal of a longstanding trend toward democratization that continued through the end of the Cold War in the 1990s. In countries around the world, there are partners willing to work with us to strengthen their country’s democracy. This is naturally in our bipartisan interests. Our strongest relationships are those with other democracies. Some examples include Canada, Mexico, Japan, India, Australia, and the member nations of the European Union. When two countries speak the language of democracy, when they each commit to the rule of law and the will of the people, the potential for a genuine partnership is formed. An election is a complex endeavor. It is an exercise a society undertakes together. To run effectively and efficiently, an election requires an engaged public, robust institutions, and a transparent, technically sound electoral mechanism. There are certain practices we ascribe to effective election systems, including a secret ballot, inclusive voting systems, chain of custody, neutral instructions to voters, and so much more of what may be considered good electoral practices. When elections are technically unsound, their results can be suspect. We saw this firsthand in Kenya and Honduras over the last year, where electoral failure led to election violence and a questionable outcome for many. It is in the interests of both the incumbent looking to be reelected with the legitimacy that an election brings, and the challenger seeking to rise to office, to support transparent election practices. The State Department and USAID already engage in excellent work, in partnership with groups like the National Endowment for Democracy, National Democratic Institute, International Republican Institute, and International Foundation for Electoral Systems, supporting democracy worldwide. This bipartisan bill augments those efforts, allowing the Secretary of State 
to support exchange programs with other countries to promote best practices in election administration. When we bring folks over here to show them how we do things and send Americans to other nations to see how elections are conducted overseas, we can have candid conversations on how all of us can improve. I would like to thank, again, Congressman MEADOWS for working with me on this bipartisan bill, and for all of his insight in making this bill and this legislation more effective. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to thank the authors of the bill. I would like to thank Representative CASTRO and Representative MEADOWS . I would like to thank also our ranking member, Mr. ENGEL . They put a lot of work in on this important legislation. There has long been a strong bipartisan consensus in Congress on the importance of promoting democracy overseas, and this is because America is undeniably more secure when fewer nations are authoritarian. But democracy promotion is not just about that. It is not just about our security. It is also morally just. Human rights are far better protected in democratic countries, ones without dank prison cells full of political prisoners. Elections are an important part of democracy, but all too often, elections overseas are plagued, often by corruption or technical challenges, sometimes by lack of transparency. And this bill will address these impediments by creating an electoral exchange program so that we can take our best practices and lessons learned overseas to help local governments improve their own election capacity. So I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5274, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1635. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ALLEN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1635. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1428 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, with Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak today in support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act, which I introduced earlier this Congress with my friend, Congresswoman SUZANNE  BONAMICI of Oregon. As the school year begins, high school seniors across the country are trying to figure out their next steps. Many of these students will ultimately decide to attend a traditional 4year university or community college program. Parents and students know too well that the cost of college tuition has climbed dramatically over the last decade. I know that many families are worried about how to afford a college education. As college tuition has risen, student loan debt has surged to more than $1.4 trillion, surpassing both national auto loan debt and credit card debt. b1430 This should be a concern to everyone, not only to those with loan debt to their names. Many borrowers are entering the workforce with overwhelming debt that will play a role not only in their own lives, but in the health of the American economy as a whole. Student loans can, of course, play a positive role in helping students attend college when they borrow mindfully and responsibly. Unfortunately, many students enter into binding loan contracts with their respective universities without fully appreciating the gravity of the financial decision they are making and the consequences it can have on their futures. A recent survey of current students and new graduates with a high level of debt found that more than 40 percent had no recollection of having received financial counseling, even though current law requires that students receive entrance counseling before receiving their first loan. It is vitally important for students to be equipped with all the facts of their loan agreement so they can finance their postsecondary education responsibly and with eyes wide open. The Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act is designed to improve financial aid counseling for students receiving a Pell grant or a Federal loan. H.R. 1635 increases the timing, frequency, and content of mandatory student loan counseling. Under current law, borrowers are required to receive counseling only when they arrive on campus and upon graduation, which makes it easy for borrowers to lose sight of just how much debt they are acquiring each year and the responsibility they bear to pay it back. H.R. 1635 requires financial counseling for students and parents who participate in Federal loan programs before they sign the dotted line on their loans. After that, students would participate in annual counseling so they can continue to understand their financial obligations and how new loans would affect their payments later on. The importance of annually providing information was dramatically reinforced in a recent year when Indiana University reported they were able to reduce undergraduate Stafford loan disbursements by 11 percent—11 percent—or $31 million, by telling students annually what their monthly payment would be after graduation before the students took out loans for the next school year. This was more than a fivefold decrease in outlays compared to public schools nationally. In addition to making the counseling an annual event, this bill would require the counseling to include recommendations to students to pursue all available grant, work study, and scholarship assistance prior to taking out loans, as well as provide them with information about the differences between Federal and private loans in bankruptcy. Exit counseling would include information about the borrower’s remaining loan balance as well as what to anticipate throughout repayment of the loan. The legislation would also require borrowers to affirmatively provide consent each year before receiving additional Federal loans instead of automatically receiving the full offered amount every year. The bill also equips lowincome students with enhanced information about the terms and conditions of the Pell Grant Program by providing annual financial counseling to all grant recipients. The counseling will include information about the expenses the grant 
covers, the level of assistance the students are able to receive, and ways to seek additional assistance in the case of changing financial circumstances. Under current law, Pell grant recipients are not required to receive any counseling. This bipartisan legislation will help America’s students and families borrow responsibly and understand their aid package better so that new graduates have the very best chance of success upon graduation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act, a bill I introduced with Congressman GUTHRIE. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairwoman FOXX, Ranking Member S COTT, and Congressman GUTHRIE for their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank the Education and the Workforce Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for their hard work to include the shared priorities of Members in this bill. This bill shows that there are areas of bipartisan consensus in Congress. Today, a college education continues to be a powerful force for economic and social mobility in our country. I know. Neither of my parents graduated from college. I worked my way first through community college, which opened the door to the university and then to law school. I am pleased that Democrats and Republicans are working together to take a meaningful step toward addressing the student loan debt crisis, which is now shockingly close to consumer debt in this country. This bill recognizes and addresses the clear need for enhanced financial counseling. More than 40 million Americans are struggling with student loan debt, and default rates are climbing. At the same time, there is evidence that student loan debt is a drag on the broader economy. For many borrowers, student loan debt affects the ability to buy a home, to purchase a new car, or to afford childcare. Student loan borrowers may be unable to access capital to start a small business or they may put off saving for retirement. That is why we need to help current and future students understand their rights and obligations as borrowers, and we need to help them forecast their obligations in the years after college so they can make informed decisions now for the years ahead. One of the frustrations I have heard from former students in Oregon is that they didn’t understand all of the jumble of terms in their loan agreement or all of the differences between Federal and private student loans. With this bill, students, whether they are sophomores or seniors, will have information about how much they have borrowed, what they are expected to borrow, how their loans will accrue interest, and what they can expect their monthly payment to be when they leave college. They will be better able to see their road to repayment. Importantly, this bill provides annual counseling, so borrowers who don’t graduate will still receive information about what to expect when they leave school and have to start repayment. Borrowers will have more clarity about their monthly payments under two repayment plans: incomebased repayment and the standard 10year option. That is critical for students to see what those differences will be, and they will with this bill. Clarifying and streamlining this information will simplify the repayment process for borrowers and reduce default. Borrowers will be reminded each year they don’t have to borrow the full amount made available to them. They should consider grants, work study, and Federal loans before turning to private lenders. Unlike current practice, borrowers will receive financial counseling before signing their master promissory notes, and they will be reminded that they can repay interest before it capitalizes. For the first time, parent borrowers of student loans will be given virtually the same information about their loans that the students receive. Additionally, this bill will extend counseling to Pell grant recipients so they understand the limits on eligibility for the grants and the circumstances under which they would be asked to repay their grants, helping students to avoid expensive surprises. Finally, this bill does not interrupt the disbursement of financial aid, and it delivers enhanced student loan information in consumertested formats that check for students’ understanding. It will make sure we provide personalized borrower information in a way that borrowers understand. Mr. Chair, again, I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support, and I encourage all my colleagues to support the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the chairwoman of the full committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for yielding time. Mr. Chair, the 115th Congress has been a landmark time for the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Committee members have come together to build the case for historic postsecondary education reforms. With more than $1.4 trillion in student debt and a skills gap that has resulted in more than 6 million unfilled jobs, we have recognized that restoring the promise of postsecondary education isn’t simply a good idea; it is our responsibility. The Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act recognizes that students and families are the most important players in reforming postsecondary education. Giving them all the information they need to make wise Federal financial aid decisions can put a dent in all this debt. Better financial education before a borrower signs on the dotted line will help students and protect taxpayer dollars. Knowledge really is power, especially in how we make practical financial decisions. Student borrowers and parents, if they are trying to help, should understand and control their financial situation; their financial situation should not control them. As chair of the Higher Education and Workforce Development Subcommittee, Representative BRETT  GUTHRIE has been a champion for commonsense reforms, and this legislation is the result of his leadership. I commend his work, as well as Representative BONAMICI and her many Democrat colleagues for joining in this effort. Mr. Chair, I urge every Member of this body to support this legislation and make sure students and families in their districts know about it. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairwoman for her remarks. This bill we are considering today is an important step to protect students and borrowers, but it is not a substitute for an update to the Higher Education Act. We still have more work to do to invest in our Nation’s students, our future leaders. We especially need to do more to keep higher education within reach for lowincome students and working families. We need to strengthen the Pell Grant Program, which has served as a foundation of support and opportunity for many Americans and helped them afford college. We need to do more to address State disinvestment and partner with States. State disinvestment in higher education has also led to a rise in college costs, and we need to do more to make sure student loan borrowers have access to affordable repayment plans. The Democratic proposal to update the Higher Education Act, the Aim Higher Act, will do all of this and more. I am glad we are considering this bipartisan proposal today instead of the PROSPER Act, which would actually make college less affordable and accessible by cutting student aid by billions of dollars. The Aim Higher Act, on the other hand, invests in students and makes higher education more affordable through robust funding in financial aid programs. It also addresses the rising cost of college through the creation of a FederalState partnership to reduce 
the student debt burden on families. It is a thoughtful package that deserves to be considered on the House floor. The legislation we are considering today, though not a comprehensive reauthorization, will protect students and families and make a real, positive difference for grant recipients and student loan borrowers. Mr. Chair, I do urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. As a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce and a father of three, I value the importance of higher education and making sure everyone has a way to pay for it. For the last decade, a generation of students have graduated college with massive debt and little prospects for a job. Thankfully, today, unemployment is at a historic low, and for the first time ever, we have more job openings than job seekers. Our economy is finally on the move, but the burden of student debt remains. In fact, Americans currently have more than $1.4 trillion in student debt. Unfortunately, much of this aid was received without adequate information about how to make the best financial choices. Currently, individuals receiving student financial loans must complete a onetime entrance counseling session, but this counseling can occur after the students have already signed up to take out the loan and is not required for those who receive Pell grants. Before completing classes, students must complete exit counseling. However, this information is very general, rather than being specific to the individual’s specific situation. These generic counseling sessions have failed our country and not helped students to put themselves on financially sound footing. That is why I am proud to support H.R. 1635. This bill ensures borrowers who participate in a Federal loan program or receive a Pell grant get targeted counseling every year and not just once they enter and exit the program. It also provides awareness about financial obligation borrowers are accumulating by requiring the borrower’s consent each year before receiving Federal student loans. These steps give students the tools they need to be financially responsible, while having the opportunities to get the education they deserve. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my colleagues on the Committee on Education and the Workforce for recognizing the importance of financial literacy and bringing forth this legislation that will help families in Kansas and throughout the country. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. b1445 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), my good friend from the eastern part of the great State of Tennessee and the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. I am a proud cosponsor of the bill and believe it will take a step forward in improving student financial literacy today. Student loan debt has risen at an alarming rate over the last dozen years, from roughly $480 billion in 2006 to over $1.4 trillion this year. The American Government is the guarantor of more than 90 percent of that debt. Today’s graduates, on average, leave campus with more than $35,000 in debt. Mr. Chairman, let me give an example. I was raised in a middleclass family. My mother was a bank teller. My dad was a factory worker. I was able to go to college and medical school in 7 years and graduate with no debt. The medical students who I taught in medical school at our medical school in east Tennessee had an average debt of over $175,000 when they left school, an enormous debt. Many of them had upward of $300,000 in debt and will spend many years paying their way out of that. Today’s graduates, as I said, graduate with more than $35,000 in debt, and, currently, only students receiving Federal loans are required to complete a financial counseling session. This counseling is provided only twice and only to students. Counseling is offered the first time the student takes out a Federal loan and again upon graduation, which is way too late, and does not apply to a large pool of students receiving Federal aid, those receiving the Pell grant. H.R. 1635 requires students to receive annual counseling about their Federal loan and Pell grants. In other words, you don’t have to take out the maximum loan. Just take out what you need. Additionally, parents who apply for a parent PLUS loan would also have to receive financial counseling. While no solution is perfect, these counseling sessions will give borrowers important information about their Federal financial aid and, hopefully, leave them with a better understanding of their repayment options and recommendations about grants, work study, and scholarship opportunities. In our State of Tennessee, as my good friend was mentioning a minute ago, we provide community college and technical school for free. This fall, we are beginning a program that is called Tennessee Reconnect, where you can go back to school if you have lost your job and you are middleaged and you need to be retrained. You can go do that for free in our State. We believe that we need to retrain a workforce in our country for the jobs of tomorrow, and without this onerous debt, which a lot of people won’t go to school because they realize it costs so much money that they can never pay it back. H.R. 1635 will encourage a betterinformed decisionmaking on the part of borrowers and increase financial literacy. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON ). Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 1635 because our country is facing a student debt crisis. In fact, nearly 580,000 student borrowers defaulted on their loans in just the last year. This debt crisis has been created, in part, because students and their parents aren’t given the full information they need to make informed decisions about paying for college. Right now, only students receiving Federal loans are required to receive financial counseling. Even then, they only receive counseling when they take out their first loan and upon graduation. That means that countless students are signing up for thousands of dollars in loans and arriving on campus before they have received any advice about these major financial choices. This is just wrong. Our young people should not be left in the dark as they make decisions that will impact their lives for years after graduation. That is why I am supporting H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act, which would make sure that students know all of their funding options, including grants, work study, and scholarship assistance, before taking out loans. The legislation would also ensure students and parents receive financial aid counseling before they sign on the dotted line. Higher education should be a steppingstone to success, not a financial drag on our students’ futures. By giving students and their parents the best information possible to make financial decisions, we can ensure students are prepared for a bright future. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), my good friend. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. For families in Michigan who are struggling to make ends meet, figuring out how to pay for college is a big challenge. Young people today who are graduating and entering the workforce face overwhelming college student loan 
debt. When considering financial aid options, we need to empower students to make the best, fully informed decisions about their futures. This bipartisan bill will promote access to financial counseling so students better understand the process and receive personalized advice that speaks to their personal situations. It also will provide counseling assistance for the first time to lowincome students who participate in the Pell Grant Program. I am grateful to Chairman GUTHRIE , Ranking Member BONAMICI , and my colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Committee for their work on this legislation. Encouraging financial literacy is an important step to help prepare students for successful futures. I urge passage of this bipartisan bill. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), my good friend. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman GUTHRIE for his work on this important legislation. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. As the father of 4 and grandfather of 12, with 1 on the way, I understand the anxiety that rising education costs can have on our American families. Students go to school to get a job, not to wrangle with the Federal Government over student loans. With student loan debt climbing to over $1.5 trillion nationwide, we must do more to ensure students are aware of the financial obligations of accepting a Federal student loan. With over 40 years of business experience, I have applied for loans. I have provided a business plan and proof of performance, showing that I can repay those loans. And, over time, I have done just that. However, in education, many students and families are not receiving the necessary information about their loans and grants in order to make responsible financial choices. I want students and families to clearly understand that just because the Federal Government will give you a loan, you do not have to take the full amount. The less in loans you take out, the less you have to pay back. H.R. 1635 addresses the lack of information provided for those taking out student loans. Students and families will now receive counseling every year and detailed loan information so that students have sound decisionmaking tools when it comes to borrowing and repaying student loans. As cosponsor of H.R. 1635, I was also proud to introduce an amendment that will allow any eligible institution to provide additional information and counseling services to Federal student aid recipients. In my district, hardly a day goes by that I don’t run into a former student who asks me: What am I going to do about this student loan debt? And once I discover the consequences of their decisions, it makes me more supportive of this legislation, so that these young people can understand exactly what they are getting into. We owe it to these American students to pass the legislation before us today, and I hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting H.R. 1635. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time is remaining. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Oregon has 23 minutes remaining. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I want to again thank Mr. GUTHRIE for cosponsoring this legislation with me, and thank the leadership, both Chairwoman FOXX and Ranking Member SCOTT, for their support, and all of the staff. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support for this legislation. Mr. ROEfrom Tennessee mentioned his story, and it is not unlike mine, from a middleclass family, went through 7 years of higher education on my own, working my way through. I ended up with a very modest amount of student debt. As I say, that is not what I am hearing from families today in Oregon, and I know my colleagues are not hearing that from their constituents across the country. I also want to point out how the student loan debt crisis is affecting the workforce issues that we all talk about and care about. An example is that there are many people who wanted to go into primary care. They are going through medical school. They wanted to go into primary care. I just had a conversation with one last week. Too many medical students are choosing higher paying specialties, not because that is where their passion or interest is, but because their student loan debt is so high. I just had a great conversation on Labor Day with some firefighters in the district I am honored to represent. I thanked them for working, keeping our communities safe. They are concerned about student debt, and they are very concerned about the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program, which, of course, is threatened under the PROSPER Act. We need to come back to the table and talk about how we can preserve the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program. Today, however, I urge all of my colleagues to take this important step forward on this bipartisan legislation, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. I encourage broad support for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this is important. It is a first step, but it is a big step and an important step as we look at what is going on in the cost of our higher education. Mr. Chairman, I know that, in our beloved Commonwealth, our Governor and our legislators are trying to deal with the demands on the budget, and they are working hard on it. But in the meantime, the costs to go to school in our Commonwealth and across the country have increased. Students have to rely more on Federal subsidized loans and Pell grants. We hear stories, like the one that Dr. ROEtalked about, of people leaving professional school with a sixfigure debt. But we hear about an awful lot of people who have $6,000, $7,000, and $10,000 worth of debt. They have to drop out, and they have no degree, and they have a hard time paying it back. This bill lays out, through the course of their time in school, for each year, what their payments will be, and it walks them through what they really need. Do they need to take out the full loan? Back when colleges weren’t that expensive, I remember people saying: Take out the full loan; that is the cheapest money you will ever have. Well, it becomes the most expensive money you have ever had over time, as interest rates build up and other things move forward. This bill is to make sure students are aware. It is something we agree on. We do it bipartisan. I expect a big bipartisan vote, and we do work together. There are issues that we have differences of opinion on, and there are issues that we have similar opinions on. When I was home in my State in August, people would say: Can’t you find things to work together on? And we do, as a matter of fact, on most of the things we do. It is just not what tends to get out into the news. So I appreciate the hard work of my friend from Oregon, and I appreciate the hard work of our committee. Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act’’. 
Section 485(l) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(l)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(l) ANNUAL FINANCIAL AIDCOUNSELING .— ‘‘(1) ANNUAL DISCLOSURE REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each eligible institution shall ensure that each individual who receives a Federal Pell Grant or a loan made 
under part D (other than a Federal Direct Consolidation Loan) receives comprehensive information on the terms and conditions of such Federal Pell Grant or loan and the responsibilities the individual has with respect to such Federal Pell Grant or loan. Such information shall be provided, for each award year for which the individual receives such Federal Pell Grant or loan, in a simple and understandable manner— ‘‘(i) during a counseling session conducted in person; ‘‘(ii) online, with the individual acknowledging receipt of the information; or ‘‘(iii) through the use of the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(B). ‘‘(B) USE OF INTERACTIVE PROGRAMS .—In the case of institutions not using the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(B), the Secretary shall require such institutions to carry out the requirements of subparagraph (A) through the use of interactive programs, during an annual counseling session that is inperson or online, that test the individual’s understanding of the terms and conditions of the Federal Pell Grant or loan awarded to the individual, using simple and understandable language and clear formatting. ‘‘(2) ALL INDIVIDUALS .—The information to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to each individual receiving counseling under this subsection shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of how the individual may budget for typical educational expenses and a sample budget based on the cost of attendance for the institution. ‘‘(B) An explanation that an individual has a right to annually request a disclosure of information collected by a consumer reporting agency pursuant to section 612(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681j(a)). ‘‘(C) Based on the most recent data available from the American Community Survey available from the Department of Commerce, the estimated average income and percentage of employment in the State of domicile of the individual for individuals with— ‘‘(i) a high school diploma or equivalent; ‘‘(ii) some postsecondary education without completion of a degree or certificate; and ‘‘(iii) a bachelor’s degree. ‘‘(D) An introduction to the financial management resources provided by the Financial Literacy and Education Commission. ‘‘(3) STUDENTS RECEIVING FEDERAL PELL  
GRANTS .—The information to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to each student receiving a Federal Pell Grant shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An explanation of the terms and conditions of the Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(B) An explanation of approved educational expenses for which the student may use the Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(C) An explanation of why the student may have to repay the Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(D) An explanation of the maximum number of semesters or equivalent for which the student may be eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant, and a statement of the amount of time remaining for which the student may be eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant. ‘‘(E) An explanation that if the student transfers to another institution not all of the student’s courses may be acceptable in transfer toward meeting specific degree or program requirements at such institution, but the amount of time remaining for which a student may be eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant, as provided under subparagraph (D), will not change. ‘‘(F) An explanation of how the student may seek additional financial assistance from the institution’s financial aid office due to a change in the student’s financial circumstances, and the contact information for such office. ‘‘(4) BORROWERS RECEIVING LOANS MADE  
LOANS) .—The information to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to a borrower of a loan made under part D (other than a Federal Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of a dependent student) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) To the extent practicable, the effect of accepting the loan to be disbursed on the eligibility of the borrower for other forms of student financial assistance. ‘‘(B) An explanation of the use of the master promissory note. ‘‘(C) An explanation that the borrower is not required to accept the full amount of the loan offered to the borrower. ‘‘(D) An explanation that the borrower should consider accepting any grant, scholarship, or State or Federal workstudy jobs for which the borrower is eligible prior to accepting Federal student loans. ‘‘(E) A recommendation to the borrower to exhaust the borrower’s Federal student loan options prior to taking out private education loans, an explanation that Federal student loans typically offer better terms and conditions than private education loans, an explanation of treatment of loans made under part D and private education loans in bankruptcy, and an explanation that if a borrower decides to take out a private education loan— ‘‘(i) the borrower has the ability to select a private educational lender of the borrower’s choice; ‘‘(ii) the proposed private education loan may impact the borrower’s potential eligibility for other financial assistance, including Federal financial assistance under this title; and ‘‘(iii) the borrower has a right— ‘‘(I) to accept the terms of the private education loan within 30 calendar days following the date on which the application for such loan is approved and the borrower receives the required disclosure documents, pursuant to section 128(e) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(e)); and ‘‘(II) to cancel such loan within 3 business days of the date on which the loan is consummated, pursuant to section 128(e)(7) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 1638(e)(7)). ‘‘(F) An explanation of the approved educational expenses for which the borrower may use a loan made under part D. ‘‘(G) Information on the annual and aggregate loan limits for Federal Direct Stafford Loans and Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loans. ‘‘(H) Information on how interest accrues and is capitalized during periods when the interest is not paid by either the borrower or the Secretary. ‘‘(I) In the case of a Federal Direct PLUS Loan or a Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loan, the option of the borrower to pay the interest while the borrower is in school. ‘‘(J) The definition of halftime enrollment at the institution, during regular terms and summer school, if applicable, and the consequences of not maintaining at least half time enrollment. ‘‘(K) An explanation of the importance of contacting the appropriate offices at the institution of higher education if the borrower withdraws prior to completing the borrower’s program of study so that the institution can provide exit counseling, including information regarding the borrower’s repayment options and loan consolidation. ‘‘(L) For a firsttime borrower— ‘‘(i) a statement of the anticipated balance on the loan for which the borrower is receiving counseling under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) based on such anticipated balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under, at minimum— ‘‘(I) the standard repayment plan; and ‘‘(II) an incomebased repayment plan under section 493C, as determined using regionally available data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the average starting salary for the occupation in which the borrower has an interest in or intends to be employed; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under each repayment plan described in clause (ii), based on the average cumulative indebtedness at graduation for borrowers of loans made under part D who are in the same program of study as the borrower. ‘‘(M) For a borrower with an outstanding balance of principal or interest due on a loan made under this title— ‘‘(i) a current statement of the amount of such outstanding balance and interest accrued; ‘‘(ii) based on such outstanding balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under, at minimum, the standard repayment plan and, using regionally available data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the average starting salary for the occupation the borrower intends to be employed, an incomebased repayment plan under section 493C; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under each repayment plan described in clause (ii), based on— ‘‘(I) the outstanding balance described in clause (i); ‘‘(II) the anticipated outstanding balance on the loan for which the student is receiving counseling under this subsection; and ‘‘(III) a projection for any other loans made under part D that the borrower is reasonably expected to accept during the borrower’s program of study based on at least the expected increase in the cost of attendance of such program. ‘‘(N) The obligation of the borrower to repay the full amount of the loan, regardless of whether the borrower completes or does not complete the program in which the borrower is enrolled within the regular time for program completion. ‘‘(O) The likely consequences of default on the loan, including adverse credit reports, delinquent debt collection procedures under Federal law, and litigation, and a notice of the institution’s most recent cohort default rate (defined in section 435(m)), an explanation of the cohort default rate, the most recent national average cohort default rate, and the most recent national average cohort default rate for the category of institution described in section 435(m)(4) to which the institution belongs. ‘‘(P) Information on the National Student Loan Data System and how the borrower can access the borrower’s records. ‘‘(Q) The contact information for the institution’s financial aid office or other appropriate office at the institution the borrower may contact if the borrower has any questions about the borrower’s rights and responsibilities or the terms and conditions of the loan. ‘‘(5) BORROWERS RECEIVING PARENT PLUS  
LOANS FOR DEPENDENT STUDENTS .—The information to be provided under paragraph (1)(A) to a borrower of a Federal Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of a dependent student shall include the following: ‘‘(A) The information described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) and (N) through (Q) of paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) The option of the borrower to pay the interest on the loan while the loan is in deferment. ‘‘(C) For a firsttime borrower of such loan— 
‘‘(i) a statement of the anticipated balance on the loan for which the borrower is receiving counseling under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) based on such anticipated balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under the standard repayment plan; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under the standard repayment plan, based on the average cumulative indebtedness of other borrowers of Federal Direct PLUS Loans made on behalf of dependent students who are in the same program of study as the student on whose behalf the borrower borrowed the loan. ‘‘(D) For a borrower with an outstanding balance of principal or interest due on such loan— ‘‘(i) a statement of the amount of such outstanding balance; ‘‘(ii) based on such outstanding balance, the anticipated monthly payment amount under the standard repayment plan; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the projected monthly payment amount under the standard repayment plan, based on— ‘‘(I) the outstanding balance described in clause (i); ‘‘(II) the anticipated outstanding balance on the loan for which the borrower is receiving counseling under this subsection; and ‘‘(III) a projection for any other Federal Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of the dependent student that the borrower is reasonably expected to accept during the program of study of such student based on at least the expected increase in the cost of attendance of such program. ‘‘(E) Debt management strategies that are designed to facilitate the repayment of such indebtedness. ‘‘(F) An explanation that the borrower has the options to prepay each loan, pay each loan on a shorter schedule, and change repayment plans. ‘‘(G) For each Federal Direct PLUS Loan made on behalf of a dependent student for which the borrower is receiving counseling under this subsection, the contact information for the loan servicer of the loan and a link to such servicer’s Website. ‘‘(6) ANNUAL LOAN ACCEPTANCE .—Prior to making the first disbursement of a loan made under part D (other than a Federal Direct Consolidation Loan) to a borrower for an award year, an eligible institution, shall, as part of carrying out the counseling requirements of this subsection for the loan, ensure that after receiving the applicable counseling under paragraphs (2), (4), and (5) for the loan the borrower accepts the loan for such award year by— ‘‘(A) signing the master promissory note for the loan; ‘‘(B) signing and returning to the institution a separate written statement that affirmatively states that the borrower accepts the loan; or ‘‘(C) electronically signing an electronic version of the statement described in subparagraph (B).’’. 
Section 485(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘through financial aid offices or otherwise’’ and inserting ‘‘through the use of an interactive program, during an exit counseling session that is inperson or online, or through the use of the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(A)’’; (B) by redesignating clauses (i) through (ix) as clauses (iv) through (xii), respectively; (C) by inserting before clause (iv), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(i) a summary of the outstanding balance of principal and interest due on the loans made to the borrower under part B, D, or E; ‘‘(ii) an explanation of the grace period preceding repayment and the expected date that the borrower will enter repayment; ‘‘(iii) an explanation that the borrower has the option to pay any interest that has accrued while the borrower was in school or that may accrue during the grace period preceding repayment or during an authorized period of deferment or forbearance, prior to the capitalization of the interest;’’; (D) in clause (iv), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘sample information showing the average’’ and inserting ‘‘information, based on the borrower’s outstanding balance described in clause (i), showing the borrower’s’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘of each plan’’ and inserting ‘‘of at least the standard repayment plan and the incomebased repayment plan under section 493C’’; (E) in clause (ix), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘decreased credit score,’’ after ‘‘credit reports,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘reduced ability to rent or purchase a home or car, potential difficulty in securing employment,’’ after ‘‘Federal law,’’; (F) in clause (x), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘consolidation loan under section 428C or a’’; (G) in clauses (xi) and (xii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xiii) for each of the borrower’s loans made under part B, D, or E for which the borrower is receiving counseling under this subsection, the contact information for the loan servicer of the loan and a link to such servicer’s Website; and ‘‘(xiv) an explanation that an individual has a right to annually request a disclosure of information collected by a consumer reporting agency pursuant to section 612(a) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681j(a)).’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘online or’’ before ‘‘in writing’’; and (B) by adding before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that in the case of an institution using the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(A), the Secretary shall attempt to provide such information to the student in the manner described in subsection (n)(3)(C)’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)(C), by inserting ‘‘, such as the online counseling tool described in subsection (n)(1)(A),’’ after ‘‘electronic means’’. SEC. 4. ONLINE COUNSELING TOOLS. 
Section 485 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) ONLINE COUNSELING TOOLS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act, the Secretary shall maintain— ‘‘(A) an online counseling tool that provides the exit counseling required under subsection (b) and meets the applicable requirements of this subsection; and ‘‘(B) an online counseling tool that provides the annual counseling required under subsection (l) and meets the applicable requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS OF TOOLS .—In main taining the online counseling tools described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that each such tool is— ‘‘(A) consumer tested, in consultation with other relevant Federal agencies, to ensure that the tool is effective in helping individuals understand their rights and obligations with respect to borrowing a loan made under part D or receiving a Federal Pell Grant; ‘‘(B) understandable to students receiving Federal Pell Grants and borrowers of loans made under part D; and ‘‘(C) freely available to all eligible institutions. ‘‘(3) RECORD OF COUNSELING COMPLETION .— The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) use each online counseling tool described in paragraph (1) to keep a record of which individuals have received counseling using the tool, and notify the applicable institutions of the individual’s completion of such counseling; ‘‘(B) in the case of a borrower who receives annual counseling for a loan made under part D using the tool described in paragraph (1)(B), notify the borrower by when the borrower should accept, in a manner described in subsection (l)(6), the loan for which the borrower has received such counseling; and ‘‘(C) in the case of a borrower described in subsection (b)(1)(B) at an institution that uses the online counseling tool described in paragraph (1)(A) of this subsection, the Secretary shall attempt to provide the information described in subsection (b)(1)(A) to the borrower through such tool.’’. 
SEC. 5. LONGITUDINAL STUDY ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF STUDENT LOAN COUNSELING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall begin conducting a rigorous, longitudinal study of the impact and effectiveness of the student loan counseling— (1) provided under subsections (b), (l), and (n) of section 485 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092), as amended by this Act; and (2) provided through such other means as the Secretary of Education may determine. (b) CONTENTS .— (1) BORROWER INFORMATION .—The longitudinal study carried out under subsection (a) shall include borrower information, in the aggregate and disaggregated by race, ethnicity, gender, income, and status as an individual with a disability, on— (A) student persistence; (B) degree attainment; (C) program completion; (D) successful entry into student loan repayment; (E) cumulative borrowing levels; and (F) such other factors as the Secretary of Education may determine. (2) EXCEPTION .—The disaggregation under paragraph (1) shall not be required in a case in which the number of borrowers in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual borrower. (c) INTERIM REPORTS .—Not later than 18 months after the commencement of the study under subsection (a), and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Education shall evaluate the progress of the study and report any shortterm findings to the appropriate committees of Congress. 
(a) U SE OF EXISTING FUNDS .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for maintaining the Department of Education’s Financial Awareness Counseling Tool, $2,000,000 shall be available to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (b) NOADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No funds are authorized to be appropriated by this Act to carry out this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those 
printed in part A of House Report 115– 919. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . STEFANIK  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 4, after line 11, insert the following: ‘‘(E) An explanation of how the student may seek additional financial assistance from the institution’s financial aid office due to a change in the student’s financial circumstances, and the contact information for such office. Page 5, strike lines 12 through 16. Page 15, line 15, insert ‘‘and for such amount as is specified by the borrower’’ after ‘‘such award year’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairwoman FOXX. Today, young Americans are burdened with more than $1.4 trillion in student debt. As the cost of college tuition continues to rise, we know that students who do not complete their degrees and graduate bear the heaviest burden when paying back loans. b1500 This is why we must ensure that borrowing is done wisely and that we provide students with information so they don’t feel compelled to drop out because of a change in finances. Financial literacy is the foundation needed for students to make informed decisions, yet over 40 percent of students carrying high debt loads cannot remember ever receiving financial counseling. Many students work very hard to line up savings, scholarships, grants, and loans to pay for their education only to have something change in their personal life. This could be the death or an illness of a family member, the loss of a parent’s or student’s job, an investment that didn’t work out, or any number of situations resulting in a significant change to the student’s financial circumstances. When students are faced with these hardships, some rush into a loan that may not be in their best interest, and some may even decide to drop out of school. We should not accept either of those outcomes, especially when our Nation’s schools are equipped with the dedicated support of financial aid officers. These individuals are able to help guide a student through the many complexities of financing higher education and are also ready and willing to guide students through unexpected financial turbulence. We know that students who do receive adequate financial guidance are positioned to have much stronger financial health than those who do not. One challenge to this goal of financial literacy is ensuring students know who to go to when finances become an issue. This problem is particularly harmful to firstgeneration college students who may not have any family members or friends who can help advise on this type of situation or may not know where to look for additional financial guidance. My amendment adds to the important work of this underlying bill by ensuring all students receive an explanation of how they can seek additional assistance from their financial aid office should they face a change in personal financial circumstances. Since students will not be required to take out the maximum loan that they are eligible for, my amendment also clarifies that the loan the borrower receives is the amount the borrower wants to take out. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). Without objection, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, the gentlewoman from New York, for her amendment. It improves the bill, and I support its acceptance. Financing a college education can be a daunting process, especially for first generation students. It can seem like there are things that everyone else knows but no one is telling them. If we are going to improve student counseling, we need to recognize this fact. This amendment requires that as part of the annual counseling students receive, they be made aware, if their financial circumstances change, they can and should contact their financial aid office on campus. There they can seek someone with the professional background, judgment, and assistance to help them make changes to awards, or they may find out about other aid for which the student may be eligible. Additionally, students may not know that while they are eligible for a certain amount of Federal aid, they are not required to take the full amount. Many debtconscious students may prefer to fund a smaller portion of their education through loans but may not know that this is an option. This amendment clarifies that in cases where the student specifies they would like to receive less aid, that is an amount that is discussed in their counseling. Again, I support the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague and friend, the gentlewoman from Oregon, for her support. As she mentioned, this is a commonsense amendment. It particularly helps firstgeneration college students access the financial counseling they need. This improves the bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MRS . MURPHY OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 5, strike lines 4 through 11 and insert the following: ‘‘(E) An explanation that, in the case of a student who transfers to another institution, the amount of time remaining for which a student may be eligible to receive a Federal Pell Grant, as provided under subparagraph (D), will not change, regardless of whether all of the courses completed by such student are accepted for purposes of meeting specific degree or program requirements by the institution to which such student transfer.’’ In section 485(l)(4) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, as proposed to be amended by section 2 of the bill— (1) redesignate subparagraphs (H) through (Q) as subparagraphs (I) through (R), respectively; and (2) insert after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) An explanation that, in the case of a student who transfers to another institution, the loan amounts such student received before such transfer shall be used in determining the aggregate loan amount of the student, regardless of whether all of the courses completed by such student are accepted for purposes of meeting specific degree or program requirements by the institution to which such student transfers.’’ Page 12, beginning on line 17, strike ‘‘(N) through (Q)’’ and insert ‘‘(O) through (R)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 1635, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. This amendment would ensure that student borrowers who are considering whether to 
transfer to another academic institution are provided with the guidance necessary to make fully informed decisions related to their student loan debt and academic credit transfers. Currently, students who take out Federal loans to finance their education are limited to borrowing up to a certain aggregate amount, with the precise amount depending on the type of loan they have, their financial status, and whether they are enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program. My amendment would ensure that a student borrower who wishes to transfer to another institution is provided with a clear and concise explanation that the loans he or she has received up to that point will count towards their aggregate loan limit, regardless of whether all the course credits they have completed are accepted by the school they seek to transfer to. Students will benefit from learning this important information because it will help them more effectively plan their educational and financial futures. Students who know the facts before they transfer will be in a better position to decide whether transferring is, in fact, the right decision for them. Those students who do decide to transfer will be more likely to carefully research all their transfer options, and they will likely give preference to those schools that will accept the credits they earned at their current school and that otherwise provide students with a smooth and seamless transition process. Fewer students will be in the position of having transferred only to find out that very few of the credits they worked so hard to earn and had paid for will actually count towards their degree. I believe my amendment will be particularly helpful to students who are enrolled in community or State colleges and are seeking to transfer to a 4 year program. Many students who live in my central Florida district are in precisely this position. Notably, the University of Central Florida, which I am proud to represent, has established a strong transfer program in partnership with six State and community colleges throughout Florida, including Valencia College and Seminole State College in my district. The program is called DirectConnect to UCF. In general, it guarantees students admission to UCF if they have earned an associate degree from a partner college, and the credits earned by the student at the partner college typically transfer. This is exactly the sort of transfer program that my amendment will encourage students to utilize. Collectively, Americans owe a crushing $1.4 trillion in student debt. As someone who is still paying off her own student loans, I know there is far more we can and should do to ensure that students are not saddled with excessive debt and are prepared to succeed after graduation. Nevertheless, I am encouraged that we are taking a step in the right direction today by considering this important legislation. By increasing transparency in the student loan process as it relates to credit transfers, we will provide our students with the information they need to make the best educational and financial decisions for themselves. I thank the Rules Committee for allowing the House to consider this amendment, and I respectfully ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment, but I do not intend to oppose it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will provide borrowers with critical information on aggregate loan limits, which is particularly important for transfer students, as my friend just explained. This disclosure will encourage borrowers to thoughtfully plan their college expenses and will help students make informed decisions when transferring schools. I thank my colleague for offering this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I would just reiterate my hope that my colleagues will accept this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 9, line 10, strike ‘‘an incomebased repayment plan under section 493C’’ and insert ‘‘the incomedriven repayment plans the borrower is eligible for’’. Page 10, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘an incomebased repayment plan under section 493C’’ and insert ‘‘the incomedriven repayment plans the borrower is eligible for’’. Page 17, beginning on line 11, strike ‘‘the incomebased repayment plan under section 493C’’ and insert ‘‘the incomedriven repayment plans the borrower is eligible for’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, college affordability and the student loan crisis affect every community across our Nation. The decisions that young people are forced to make in order to get a degree—decisions involving tens and sometimes hundreds of thousands of dollars—can affect the rest of their lives. Over 44 million Americans have a total of $1.5 trillion in student loan debt. In Arizona, borrowers owe an average of just under $24,000, annually, in student loan debt. That is why I am pleased that the underlying bill before us today takes an important step towards making sure students and borrowers have more tools and information about their options, including incomedriven repayment plans. Incomedriven repayment plans like PAYE, REPAYE, and IBR have increased in enrollment in recent years and can offer borrowers more predictability and manageability on their student loan payments. A lot of borrowers don’t know about all the incomedriven repayment options they are eligible for, making it harder to figure out which one might be the best fit. My commonsense amendment helps to fix that by simply requiring the annual counseling mandated by the underlying bill to disclose the anticipated monthly payment to a borrower for any incomedriven repayment plan they are eligible for. Increasing awareness about all incomedriven repayment options and what a borrower could expect to pay under each program they are eligible for will help equip them and their families with more resources to make important decisions. My amendment, like the underlying bill, is an important step forward to support our hardworking students and workers in our communities at a time when many are still struggling. We have an obligation to increase transparency to borrowers and ensure they have the tools to thrive. I want to thank Congressman BERA for his support of this amendment, as well as Congresswoman FOXX and Ranking Member SCOTT for their work on this bipartisan bill before us today. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment, but I do not intend to oppose it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment will help students see an estimated monthly student loan payment broken down by all incomedriven repayment plans for which the student is eligible. I support this amendment because students need to see the full range of possibilities available to them so they can make informed choices about what they borrow and how they will repay the funds. I thank my colleague for offering the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA). Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of our amendment to H.R. 1635. Our amendment is simple. It would ensure that student borrowers are provided information about the full range of incomebased repayment options. This will help students get a full picture of what college is going to look like and give an estimate of what they might owe on a monthly basis over their anticipated career. This additional transparency will make sure students are not caught off guard about their student debt after graduation. As the cochair of the California Public Higher Education Caucus, one of my priorities here in Congress has been working to improve the affordability, accessibility, and quality of higher education. Think about it. I paid $393 a quarter to go to medical school. That meant I could go to 4 years of undergraduate school, 4 years of medical school, get some help from my folks, work part time, a few scholarships, and graduate with less than $10,000 of debt. That is amazing. b1515 Now, I am not that old. We might not be able to get to that place, but the truth is that education has allowed me to do what I have done throughout my life, and that is an investment that pays off. Let’s make sure we make higher education affordable and accessible to our students in that next generation. Let’s make sure we keep making those investments, and, again, let’s make sure that those students have that transparency and the information that they need to make reasonable decisions. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 12, strike lines 19 through 21 and insert the following: ‘‘(B) A notification that some students may qualify for other financial aid and an explanation that the student for whom the borrower is taking out the loan should consider accepting any grant, scholarship, or State or Federal workstudy jobs for which such student is eligible prior to borrowing Parent PLUS Loans. Page 14, line 23, insert ‘‘pay each loan while the dependent child is still in school, pay the interest on the loan while the loan is in deferment,’’ after ‘‘a shorter schedule,’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, we currently have over $1.4 trillion in student debt, a burden that too many carry with them well after their time on campus, delaying critical milestones, such as buying a house or starting a family. At the core of this problem is insufficient financial literacy at the time of borrowing, things like understanding that the amount you will have to pay back is going to be greater than the loan you took out, the magic of compound interest; learning how to budget for typical educational expenses and recognizing that paying loans back faster, not just hitting the minimum amount due, will make the loan less expensive. When borrowers do not receive this critical information up front, they are prone to overborrowing and inefficient repayment, costing our students, families, and taxpayers far more than it should for access to a great higher education. So I applaud Representative GUTHRIE  and Representative BONAMICI for their hard work as this underlying legislation is an essential step towards enhancing financial awareness and empowering smart decisions. While right now only about half of all students even remember receiving the limited counseling they did receive, this bill ensures students will receive comprehensive counseling each year and before they agree to take out the loans. For the first time, lowincome students receiving Pell grants will be included in the counseling, allowing them to maximize this opportunity for education vouchers. My amendment builds on the power of this legislation and is specifically aimed at parents who want to provide the best education for their child and must navigate the confusing maze of student aid options currently on the books. With my amendment, parents will be notified that their child may qualify for and should consider scholarships, grants, and Federal workstudy jobs prior to taking out any PLUS loans. These debtfree alternatives to borrowing exist, yet lack of awareness can lead to a costly missed opportunity. A workstudy program provides not only a source of income to cover the costs of college, but it can be a powerful educational experience and a complement to learning that takes place in the classroom. Additionally, my amendment ensures parent borrowers are aware that they can start paying off the loan while their child is still in school and can pay interest on the loan while it is in deferment. Student loan programs should encourage a quick and responsible path towards becoming debtfree and not incentivize borrowers to pay back as slowly as possible. My amendment in this legislation will equip students and families with greater financial awareness around the true cost of paying back their loans, protecting them from overborrowing and improving loan repayment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from Minnesota for his amendment. It improves the bill, and I support its acceptance. Students may be eligible for many different forms of financial aid, and in our effort to improve financial counseling, we should make sure that appropriate disclosures and information are being shared with the borrowers based on the type of aid they are receiving. This amendment addresses Parent PLUS loans, loans that parents or guardians can take out to pay for the education of a dependent student. Parent PLUS loans have a higher interest rate than direct loans, and because they can cover unmet need up to the cost of attendance, the loan balance can grow rather quickly. As such, parents should be counseled that there may be other forms of aid that their student can take advantage of to help reduce the size of the Parent PLUS loan that is needed. A robust counseling program will also inform parents, as the gentleman stated, that there is no penalty to prepaying either the interest or the principal on these loans. Again, Mr. Chair, I support the gentleman’s amendment because it improves the underlying legislation, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague as well for supporting this amendment. As students return to their classrooms this fall, parents across the country are wondering how they can provide the best opportunities to their children. Financing a higher education is one of the biggest financial decisions a family will make. It is essential they are equipped with the right information and meaningful counseling before they make this decision. My amendment ensures parents are able to consider all the options to pay for their student’s education before they decide to take out a PLUS loan. 
With the right information, a great workstudy job, scholarship, or grant program will not be left on the table when parents make certain those decisions to go into debt are responsible ones. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ALLEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 24, strike the period and quotation mark at the end. Page 15, after line 24, insert the following: ‘‘(7) CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit an eligible institution from providing additional information and counseling services to recipients of Federal student aid under this title, provided that any additional information and counseling services for recipients of Federal student aid shall not preclude or be considered a condition for disbursement of such aid.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1635 makes important improvements to ensure that the Department of Education is doing its job when offering loans to our students for their continued education. Too many young people are coming out of school with a mountain of student loan debt without having understood the full implications of accepting such debt in the first place. Students receiving annual counseling about the obligations of Federal student loans is long overdue. However, it is imperative that institutions of higher education do their part to ensure that students consider Federal student loans as a last resort. In fact, one of the questions that I asked in a committee hearing is: Does anyone encourage students to work their way through college anymore? My amendment provides that nothing prohibits institutions from providing additional financial counseling above what is already included in the bill. When it comes to governmentbacked loans, the goal of every higher education institution should be to guarantee the success of their students rather than burdening them with debt they cannot repay. Many institutions are taking steps in the right direction to contain costs, but the higher education community needs to step it up to lower costs to ensure that our students are not graduating with an unreasonable amount of debt and without a plan to pay it back. The purpose of my amendment is to send a signal to the university system that it should do more than the minimum required by law to ensure students receive meaningful financial counseling. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from Georgia for his amendment. It improves the underlying bill, and I support its acceptance. I rise in support of the amendment to clarify that institutions have the ability to provide additional financial counseling beyond the requirements established in the underlying bill while making sure that the additional counseling will in no way preclude students from receiving their aid on time. Although the underlying bill does not prohibit institutions from providing this counseling, this amendment makes explicit the institution’s ability to provide that additional support. Institutions know their students and the individual capacity of those students, and it is important to provide this flexibility so schools can provide more counseling as needed. Again, I support the gentleman’s amendment, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for her support of this important amendment. I urge passage of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . HARTZLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 24, strike the period and quotation mark at the end. Page 15, after line 24, insert the following: ‘‘(7) COUNSELING SESSIONS CONDUCTED IN  
PERSON .—Institutions of higher education may encourage individuals to attend inperson loan counseling sessions under paragraph (1)(A).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would encourage colleges and universities to offer facetoface loan counseling. As students arrive at colleges and university campuses this fall, many will soon find themselves immediately in debt. According to the Department of Education, a typical student borrower takes out roughly $6,600 in a single year and averages $22,000 in debt by graduation. Alarmingly, default rates are at an alltime high. What is worse is that many students report not even remembering their student loan counseling. We need to change that. I have heard from schools in my district, including many community colleges, about the need for more robust, personal loan counseling. Many students take out loans and have difficulty finding the type of jobs necessary to pay those loans off and become so saddled with debt that it causes them to delay many of life’s milestones, like getting married or buying a house. The type of personalized counseling my amendment encourages should include a sitdown discussion about the current demands of the job market in relation to what the student is studying and their realistic ability to repay the financial obligations they are taking. Students should know what they are getting into and not be at an immediate economic disadvantage at graduation. Schools should do their best to educate their students about their obligations and guide them toward financial literacy and stability, and this cannot effectively be accomplished through the click of a button. I applaud my colleague from Kentucky for offering this important piece of legislation to enhance the information that students receive, and I thank the Rules Committee for making my amendment on personal loan counseling in order. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I am supportive of this amendment because it simply allows institutions to encourage inperson counseling, but I would be remiss if I did not state that this provision is not necessary. The underlying bill already permits institutions to provide either inperson counseling or use the consumertested online tool that would be created by the Department of Education. H.R. 1635, the underlying bill, was written intentionally in this way to provide flexibility to institutions. Some institutions will be able to provide high quality inperson counseling, but underresourced institutions may find it difficult to do so. 
This is why the bill contains provisions to have the Department of Education create a standardized tool to ensure at least a base level of quality within and across institutions. Because the success of inperson counseling is informed not only by the content but also by the individual providing the counseling, this online tool will make sure that students receive the same caliber of counseling regardless of where the counseling is provided or who provides the counseling. To confirm effectiveness, the tool will be tested by students, financial aid advisers, advocacy organizations, and other stakeholders. Again, inperson counseling would be fine and best for some students when the institution can provide it, but having that flexibility is important as well. Mr. Chair, I do urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s support. With total student loan debt of over $1.3 trillion and rising and over 44 million individuals still saddled with student debt, we must take action. b1530 The student loan crisis looms over America’s economy, and we must make sure that students are aware of the financial obligations they are agreeing to and cognizant of their ability to repay those obligations. Personalized, facetoface counseling can be an effective tool to address this crisis. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 115–919. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 16, line 13, strike ‘‘(iv) through (xii), respectively’’ and insert ‘‘(v) through (xiii), respectively’’. Page 16, line 14, strike ‘‘before clause (iv)’’ and insert ‘‘before clause (v)’’. Page 17, line 2, strike the quotation mark and semicolon at the end. Page 17, after line 2, insert the following: ‘‘(iv) an explanation that the borrower may be approached during the repayment process by thirdparty student debt relief companies, that they should use caution in any such dealings, and that the typical services provided by these companies are already offered to borrowers free of charge through servicers;’’; Page 17, line 3, strike ‘‘in clause (iv)’’ and insert ‘‘in clause (v)’’. Page 17, line 13, strike ‘‘in clause (ix)’’ and insert ‘‘in clause (x)’’. Page 17, line 20, strike ‘‘in clause (x)’’ and insert ‘‘in clause (xi)’’. Page 17, line 23, strike ‘‘in clauses (xi) and (xii)’’ and insert ‘‘in clauses (xii) and (xiii)’’. Page 18, line 1, strike ‘‘(xiii)’’ and insert ‘‘(xiv)’’. Page 18, line 6, strike ‘‘(xiv)’’ and insert ‘‘(xv)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 1049, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my amendment, which simply adds to the requirements for student loan exit counseling in the underlying bill. I would like to thank Congressman GUTHRIE and Congresswoman B ONAMICI  for their leadership in crafting this bill and for their consideration of this amendment. With my amendment, exit counseling would include an explicit warning about thirdparty, fraudulent companies that often call, email, text, send letters, and use aggressive advertising to reach students during the repayment process. These socalled debt relief companies sometimes say they can help settle your Federal student loans, warn borrowers that forgiveness programs could end soon, and sometimes even pose as being affiliated with the U.S. Government. These companies generally do not offer any relief at all and charge for services that are already provided for free by loan servicers. Often, these companies leave borrowers worse off, severely damage their credit scores, or make changes to loan repayment plans that they didn’t authorize. I think Republicans and Democrats both agree that these are scams, pure and simple. These same companies who once preyed on underwater mortgage holders have now moved on to lure student loan borrowers simply trying to pay off their debts, provide for themselves or their families, and live a better life. It is hard enough for borrowers to navigate the complicated maze of repayment options and obtain sound guidance from their servicer without scammers coming in to blow up the whole thing. What is more, many of these companies have already had to pay massive settlements to our government for scamming consumers. The Federal Trade Commission and State attorneys general across the country, including from my home State of Washington, have brought cases against these scammers who have used deception and false promises of relief to take more than $95 million in illegal upfront fees from American consumers over the years. In 2014, the CFPB filed a lawsuit against a company called Student Loan Processing.US for deceiving consumers about its fee structure and misrepresenting its affiliation. It led to the distribution of hundreds of thousands of dollars back to defrauded consumers. I am very grateful for the opportunity to offer this critical consumer protection amendment that helps empower students to make sound financial decisions. I do recognize that enhancing financial literacy is just a small sliver of the legislation we need to chip away at our student debt crisis. Right now, I know that we need to take that next step in the crisis with bold policy solutions to address that $1.4 trillion in student loan debt that is dragging down our economy. But at this moment, Madam Chair, I commend my colleagues for this practical step, and I urge support of my amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Chair, I rise to claim the time in opposition to this amendment, but I do not intend to oppose it. The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. HARTZLER ). Without objection, the gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Madam Chair, this proposal will make sure students are warned about thirdparty debt relief companies that prey on borrowers. They frequently provide inaccurate or misleading information and often charge excessive fees for services that can be received without cost through federally contracted student loan servicers. As my friend said, Federal student loan servicers employ dedicated professionals equipped to help borrowers navigate the loan repayment process and provide the assistance they need free of charge. This amendment will ensure borrowers are armed with the information they need to better protect their finances and help make wise decisions as they begin to repay their Federal student loans. I thank my friend from Washington for offering this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it and the underlying bill. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. As someone with a consumer protection background, I thank her for her amendment. It has already been stated during the debate that there is close to $1.5 trillion in outstanding student loan debt. It should be no surprise that there are companies and individuals poised to make money on the backs of student borrowers through fraudulent means. In recent years, there has been an explosion of thirdparty debt relief scams targeting student loan borrowers. These businesses claim that, for a fee, they can cut through the red tape for borrowers and get their student loan house in order. They misrepresent services, make promises they can’t keep, and charge for activities that cost nothing. 
State and Federal consumer protection groups have already started cracking down on these groups. State attorneys general, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have either sounded the alarm or conducted enforcement actions targeting these fraudulent companies. We should use this opportunity in this bill when conducting loan counseling to remind students that their loan servicer is paid through the Department of Education to provide assistance with these services free of charge. They should be wary of any thirdparty company attempting to facilitate repayment of their Federal student loans. It is a commonsense addition to the bill, and I thank the gentlewoman for offering the amendment. Again, I support this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Chair, I wanted to again reiterate my thanks to both Congressman GUTHRIE and Congresswoman BONAMICI , and urge support of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCANof Tennessee) having assumed the chair, Mrs. HARTZLER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1635) to amend the loan counseling requirements under the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 1049, she reported the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. LAMB. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Lamb moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1635 to the Committee on Education and the Workforce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 21, line 22, insert ‘‘status as a recipient of assistance under a tuition assistance program conducted by the Department of Defense under section 1784a or 2007 of title 10, United States Code, or other authorities available to the Department of Defense or veterans’ education benefits (as defined in section 480),’’ after ‘‘income,’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes on his motion. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I have been here for 5 months now. I have met a lot of people who still want to work hard, do the right thing, and, most importantly, get things done. This is true on both sides of the aisle. But the problem is that, even when we work together and we are close to finally getting something done, the leadership of this House can deny us a vote on bills that are already written, on bills that are supported by both sides, and on bills that are good for the American people. They deny us a vote. Mr. Speaker, this amendment is a perfect example. I offered an amendment to this bill. The amendment would help make sure that veterans are getting the information they need about student loans. This bill does not recognize veterans. It does say that, down the road, we have to study its effects and that we should look at race; we should look at ethnicity; we should look at gender; we should look at income; and we should look at people with disabilities. I agree with all of that. But we should also look at the effect on veterans. Veterans are different from other students. Many students rely on their parents, but many veterans are parents. Many students are taking out their first loans, but many veterans already have mortgages. Many students are leaving home for the first time, while many veterans are coming home from tours of service all over the world. We need to know if veterans are getting the information they need about their student loans, in addition to these other groups. I know that Members of both parties agree with that. I met with several Republicans yesterday, and not a single one raised a single objection to this amendment. But then we find out that leadership will not allow a vote on this amendment. Why is that? Well, Mr. Speaker, this motion to recommit will allow us a vote. It will allow us to vote for veterans. Our student loan system is stacked against veterans, just like it is stacked against so many of our fellow Americans. We thank our veterans for their service all the time, using words. Today, let’s thank them with action. Let’s thank them with the force of law. Let’s thank them by doing our jobs. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to be here. We all support veterans. Under this bill, every veteran receives the same enhanced counseling provided to all borrowers. Looking at the study and before we determine the right elements of a new study to ensure we are providing the best service, we should pause and, I suggest, work with our Veterans’ Affairs Committee to make sure we address the totality of the issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge the underlying bill’s support. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and support the final bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1705 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 5 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, distinguished Members, and guests. It is my privilege to welcome Congressman TROY BALDERSON to represent Ohio’s 12th District, succeeding Representative Pat Tiberi, who chose to retire before completing his term. Let us congratulate you and your coalition for a hardfought campaign victory. We all know the demands required to compete in any election, and yours drew so much national attention. It is estimated that over $10.5 million was expended overall on the race, about 60 times what the job pays. So let me offer an idea, perhaps on a bipartisan basis, that Ohio’s Representatives could join together to lead our Nation to finally limit campaign spending and be the first State to end this mad dash to excess cash. The money chase is a real scourge on the very foundation of representative government. Representative BALDERSON has served the State of Ohio in the State House of Representatives as well as most recently the State Senate. He is a father to one son, as well as an elder in his church. He now embarks on a new journey of service. From Zanesville, Ohio, he will represent the centrally located counties of Franklin, Marion, Muskingum, and Richland, which include a segment of Ohio’s capital and our largest city, Columbus, as well as small towns and cities across central Ohio. Representing a diverse set of communities is a hard job. But it is the job radical gerrymandering has thrust on us. As Representatives in this people’s House, we are designed to be the body closest to the American people. We know the people of America want reform. They want solutions. They want action. Our public is demanding that we work together to find common ground on the great challenges facing our Nation. Let us find that common ground by recalling the powerful words of Daniel Webster carved in this Chamber high above the Speaker’s rostrum: ‘‘Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also in our day and generation may not perform something worthy to be remembered.’’ Welcome to the United States House of Representatives, Representative TROYBALDERSON . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. As the dean of the Ohio Republican delegation, I rise to welcome the newest Buckeye to our delegation, TROY BALDERSON . TROY was born and raised in southeast Ohio. He grew up and worked on his family farm. He graduated from Zanesville High School. And, Mr. Speaker, that is Zanesville, not Janesville. He also attended both Muskingum College as well as The Ohio State University. Prior to joining our delegation, TROY served our great State as both a member of the Ohio House of Representatives and a member of the Ohio Senate. He is no stranger to building relationships, learning the issues, and solving problems. So he will do well here. As a businessman, as my colleague mentioned, an elder at the Christian Church in Zanesville, and as an athlete, TROY has proven time and again that hard work and a little grit make a very strong leader. I have no doubt that our delegation and the residents of the 12th Congressional District will truly benefit from his experience. I believe that we all will. Congratulations to you and your family, TROY. On behalf of the Ohio Republican delegation and I think all Members, welcome to the United States House of Representatives. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. BALDERSON ). Mr. BALDERSON. Speaker RYAN, Representative KAPTUR , Chairman CHABOT , and my new colleagues, thank you for that very warm welcome. To the people of the 12th District of Ohio, thank you for this remarkable opportunity to serve you. It is an honor to stand in this Chamber and take the oath of office. Joining me today in the gallery are a number of my great friends, including my son, Joshua, and my girlfriend, Melanie. Thank you both for your love and support and for being here by my side today. My parents, Bill and Kathie, could not be here with me today, but they are watching back home in Zanesville. I also want to thank them for their love and support. I would not be here without them. Most importantly, I would also like to thank the good Lord for getting me here today. I am humbled to serve in the people’s House and look forward to fulfilling my duties representing the 12th District of Ohio. God bless you all. Thank you very much. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 406, nays 4, not voting 19, as follows: [Roll No. 385] YEAS—406 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks 
Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Babin Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Capuano DeSantis Ellison Eshoo Jenkins (WV) Maloney, Sean Palazzo Poe (TX) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Sensenbrenner Speier Thornberry Titus Vela Walz 
b1751 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: H. R ES. 1050 Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committees of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY : Mr. Balderson. COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. Balderson. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Washington? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6691, COMMUNITY SAFETY AND SECURITY ACT OF 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–920) on the resolution (H. Res. 1051) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6691) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the definition of ‘‘crime of violence’’, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 4457 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 4457. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
THANKING THE USO FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO MILITARY SPOUSES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the USO was on Capitol Hill earlier today for a service project where volunteers assembled care packages for spouses of servicemembers who are currently deployed. In May, the USO kicked off the Salute to Military Spouses, a 6month spotlight on the contributions and challenges of our military spouses. This campaign aims to raise public awareness of these unsung heroes. The USO strengthens America’s military servicemembers by keeping them connected to family, home, and country through their service to the Nation. For more than 75 years, the USO has been by the side of America’s military servicemembers and their families, too. There are USO centers at or near military installations across the United States and throughout the world, including in combat zones and even unstaffed USO service sites in places too dangerous for anyone but combat troops to occupy. Mr. Speaker, I thank the USO for its dedication to our servicemembers and their families. I salute our Nation’s military spouses; and I thank them for their dedication to their family and also this country. f 
FEMA BUNGLING IN PUERTO RICO (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, recently FEMA released a report into its own response after Hurricane Maria swept Puerto Rico last year. To sum up the report, FEMA screwed up. FEMA underestimated how much food people would need. FEMA miscalculated how much fresh water people would need. FEMA didn’t foresee how difficult it would be to get supplies to the island. And when Hurricane Maria struck, FEMA’s warehouse in Puerto Rico was basically empty. I was most shocked by FEMA’s admission that its plans for a crisis in Puerto Rico were based on a focused disaster like a tsunami, not a major hurricane devastating the whole island. Just last week, the island’s death toll was adjusted to reflect the reality that thousands of people died because of Hurricane Maria. Mr. Speaker, these were American citizens. The Federal Government must do better. Lives are at stake. 
REMEMBERING THE LIVES OF JOSEPH AND JOSEPHINE MENGONI (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the lives of two outstanding Georgians, Joseph and Josephine Mengoni, who passed away last month only a day apart and after 63 years of marriage. Mr. Mengoni dedicated his life to practicing pharmacy, advancing the profession in Georgia for both pharmacists and their patients. He practiced retail pharmacy for nearly a decade before serving as vice president of the Georgia Pharmacy Association, becoming a certified diabetes instructor, and being the chairman of the board for DataRX Management. His work is exemplified by his creation of a program that helped pharmacists help their patients to quit smoking. 
Mrs. Mengoni devoted her life to her husband and raising their three children. She was deeply involved with the 4–H Club and even started the 4–H Club location in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where she lived for a number of years. Mr. and Mrs. Mengoni, their children, and other family members will be in my thoughts and prayers. 
b1800 PUSH BACK ON CLEARANCES BEING REVOKED (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, last month, President Trump stripped former CIA Director John Brennan of his security clearance. That was not done because Director Brennan posed a threat to national security. No, it was done to silence a political opponent. Mr. Speaker, all Americans agree that the President should not be able to order the IRS to initiate an audit against a rival, and we should all be able to agree that he may not use his authority to revoke a security clearance. Yet the President has announced that he intends to invalidate the clearances of other current and former officials who disagree with his policies. That is why I introduced H.R. 6680 with my colleagues, Mr. LIEU and Ranking Member SCHIFF of the Intelligence Committee, that will prevent the administration from revoking security clearances for political reasons. My bill would give agency officials the basis to push back on White House demands that more clearances be revoked outside of judicial processes and protocols. Mr. Speaker, granting, denying, or revoking security clearances for political retribution or the stifling of political dissent is unAmerican, and it should never be tolerated or allowed. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. 
HONORING THE FIREFIGHTERS OF CALIFORNIA (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as we return this week to Washington after our district work period this last month, I rise today to recognize and honor the many firefighters around California, particularly in my own district, who have been fighting so hard to extinguish these devastating wildfires of hundreds of thousands of acres. The Carr fire quickly became one of the most devastating fires in northern California history, and, unfortunately, claimed the lives of three firefighters in the process. I am very grateful for their sacrifice and their unwavering efforts in the face of what had to seem nearly impossible odds. After all, when California’s poor forest management practices turn our public lands into tinderboxes, containing a wildfire becomes extremely difficult. I spent a lot of time in Redding last month, and I saw firsthand the challenges they faced and the great work being done to protect the citizens, the communities, and each other. Local firefighters, CalFire, the Hotshots, Forest Service, smoke jumpers, all of them were ready to go and were working, participating, putting their lives on the line. We owe all these men and women a great deal of gratitude. We can debate what may cause these catastrophic fires, the fuel load in our forests, and lack of management, but there is no question who put these fires out. We are very grateful to them. f 
KAVANAUGH HEARING PROCEEDS (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, as the Kavanaugh hearing proceeds, the House gets no say on Supreme Court nominees, but our constituents have much to lose if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed. As chair of the Congressional Black Caucus’ Judicial Nominations Task Force, I have studied Judge Kavanaugh’s record closely. African Americans have the most to lose because they, more than other Americans, have advanced their rights through the court. However, most Americans have much to lose, too, as Kavanaugh’s record on the Affordable Care Act, criminal justice, and reproductive rights shows. Let the House also note, Kavanaugh’s vision of executive power would enhance the authority of the executive at the expense of the other branches of government, including Congress, and, therefore, would pose a special danger to the Constitution’s careful balance of power. Brett Kavanaugh does not belong on the Supreme Court. 
DAIRY FARMERS FACING A CRISIS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, our dairy farmers are facing a crisis. Family farms have shaped our upstate communities, built our local economies, and put food on our tables, but the great tradition of family farming is in jeopardy. Our farmers need help. Unfair trade agreements; rising regulatory costs; high taxes, especially in New York, which has some of the highest property, sales, and income taxes in the Nation; and distortions in the labor market have pushed our farmers to the brink of bankruptcy. Sadly, many have chosen to close in New York altogether, the third largest dairyproducing State in the Nation. I am grateful that the Trump administration is hearing our desperate call. In a recent visit to Trinity Valley Farm and Brabant Farm in New York’s 22nd District, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue heard our farmers’ pleas for help. He visited our district, the first time a sitting Secretary of Agriculture has visited our district in over 20 years. He provided insight and took our concerns back to Washington. It is time to turn the tide and end this crisis. Preserving the great tradition of farming is vital to preserving our heritage, our families, and our economy. f 
HIGHLIGHTING CRUCIAL ISSUES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 1 minute is really not enough time, but I really wanted to highlight, as quickly as I can, some crucial issues that we have experienced over the work recess. First of all, I condemn the actions of Saudi Arabia as it relates to the bombing of the two or at least one bus of children. I believe the United States should address this question immediately, for children are our most precious resource. I am concerned that now 497 children still remain without their families at the border, that 300 of those parents have been deported, and most of the children are under 5. This is inhumane, cruel. And it is, of course, the most tragic act that this Federal Government could have done. I ask the Trump administration immediately to respond. Listening to the hearings of Justice Kavanaugh, let me indicate that there is no comment on the character of the man, but there is a comment on the appointment. And that appointment involves an individual, the President of the United States, who is under investigation, and, also, the papers that are needed have not been provided. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me indicate that I note that the State Department and the Defense Department decided to cut the funding for Pakistan. Pakistan is a nation that we should attempt to continue negotiations and diplomacy, and we should recognize that those military dollars are important for the fight against terrorism. These things should be taken up on behalf of the American people. 
TIME TO REAUTHORIZE FVPSA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to join my colleagues on the 
floor here to reflect on a piece of legislation. It is a righteous piece of legislation that is time to be reauthorized that has served so many. I really rise today to talk about an issue that affects 1 in 4 women and approximately 15.5 million children every year—domestic violence. Domestic violence has been cast into the background throughout most of our history, remaining a hidden problem, one that wasn’t talked about, and one, certainly, that wasn’t properly addressed. Survivors of domestic violence have often tolerated physical, mental, and emotional abuse in silence, out of fear their spouses or partners would retaliate. Former battered women, civic organizations, and professionals began to open shelters in the 1970s to provide services to abused women and their children. After seeing the great results from these efforts, Congress led a series of hearings in the early 1980s to understand the scope of this violence and explore possible responses. This led Congress to pass legislation that touched on all facets of domestic abuse. As part of the Child Abuse Amendments of 1984, the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, or FVPSA, was enacted to support lifesaving services, including emergency shelters, crisis hotlines, counseling, and programs for underserved communities throughout the United States, including the United States territories. This critical legislation has been authorized seven times since its enactment, most recently in 2010 for 5 years, through fiscal year 2015. That is why I, along with 102 of my colleagues, introduced H.R. 6014, which reauthorizes the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act an additional 5 years through fiscal year 2023. Congress sets aside funding for three purposes under FVPSA, and I am going to look at these a little more in depth. But first, I want to take the opportunity to say I am pleased that I am joined by a couple of my colleagues this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), my colleague who has been an original cosponsor of this reauthorization legislation Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. THOMPSON , and, indeed, it is my pleasure to join him in cosponsoring the reauthorization of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I am so very, very pleased that this is a piece of bipartisan legislation introduced by GLENN  THOMPSON , ELISE STEFANIK , and L ISA BLUNT ROCHESTER . Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, we have found the need to stick together in a bipartisan manner because violence against women and children, unfortunately, is not a partisan issue. It is not an issue that is relegated to one race of people and to one economic class. It is pervasive, and it is a detriment to our entire American community. But fortunately, Mr. Speaker, since 1984, Congress has passed the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act as the primary Federal funding source to support emergency shelters and related assistance for victims of domestic violence and their families. We have updated it based on best practices that we have seen, and the monies are available to communitydriven solutions and a network of programs and services dedicated to responding to domestic violence across the country. This reauthorization would follow current authorization levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. FVPSA, is, of course, at the heart of the Nation’s response to domestic violence, ensuring, Mr. Speaker, that these shelters and programs are able to keep their lights on and their doors open to serve more than 1.3 million victims of domestic violence and their children every year. Again, it serves nearly 1,600 communitybased programs through Stateformula grants. Not only do they serve shelters, the hotline, and crisis intervention, but they also provide legal assistance and police services as well. It is a multistate strategy, and we are very proud of its effectiveness. In fact, the National Institute of Justice funded a multistate study, and it shows conclusively that the Nation’s domestic violence programs address not only the most urgent safety needs of victims to protect themselves and their children, but it also asserts that, if this funding did not exist, the consequences for the victims would be dire, including homelessness; serious losses, as in mothers losing custody of their children; and continued abuse. As Mr. THOMPSON has pointed out, the abuse is not simply confined to physical abuse, but the emotional abuse and economic abuse as well, and even, sadly, death of some of these women. Each year, the National Network to End Domestic Violence releases a report called ‘‘Domestic Violence Counts: A 24hour National Census of Domestic Violence Services.’’ Sadly, it reports that in just 1 day last year, 2017, 72,245 victims of domestic violence were happily receiving services. But you know what, Mr. Speaker? Another 11,441 requests for services were left unmet because of the lack of funding and resources. b1815 So we do a pretty good job with this program, but there are always, always, always a dearth of resources. I appreciate Mr. THOMPSON providing me with the time, and I have examples, if time will allow, for me to just share some of the stories, just to give some face, Mr. THOMPSON , to some of the people who are served by the local shelters, programs, coalition, funding for Tribal governments to provide essential services to survivors. In the State of Washington, we have Inez, who was 14 years old and the only survivor of a fire that killed her entire family. She was taken in by relatives, only to be raped by her uncle at age 15, as socalled ‘‘payment for her care.’’ She gave birth to a son, Manuel, who was never allowed to call her ‘‘Mother.’’ At 16, she met Tomas, thinking this would be an escape for her and Manuel. He promised her a life of love and security but, in reality, that security meant a locked closet where she and Manuel were routinely starved and sexually assaulted. When her second son, Miguel, was born, Inez decided that she just had to get a way before she and her two sons were further victimized. Inez learned of the domestic violence hotline from women she had worked with in the orchards, and a coworker called and helped Inez and her children go to a local YWCA shelter. She lived there for 2 years to get back on her feet while she gained her U visa and rebuilt her life. Inez now has her green card and a home of her own, and her boys are thriving in school and preschool. You know, there are many, many stories that I can go on with. I just want to say that the #MeToo movement has given all of these survivors a renewed hope and courage to come forward to tell their stories. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. THOMPSON  so much for his time, for his stewardship over this important legislation, and I urge my colleagues to stand with these survivors by cosponsoring H.R. 6014, the FVPSA Reauthorization Act, and to push for the passage of this bipartisan legislation in this 115th Congress. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congresswoman MOORE , for sharing Inez’s story. It is a story that occurs in a frightening way so many times, where victims of abuse—but at the same time, it is an inspiring story because it illustrates how these important services that we fund through this piece of legislation can help save lives, saved the lives of this woman and her son, to be able to change their lives around, you know, really, being caught in such a long history of abuse and how it makes a difference. So I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and for sharing that, the story of Inez—much appreciated. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, if I just might add, Mr. THOMPSON , it is because of us. I mean, as legislators, we get a bum rap sometimes. We don’t know Inez necessarily, but it is because of us and this funding that there is someone on the other end of that telephone who can answer the call. It is because of the work and this authorization that there is a place for Inez to go. This did not always exist before 1984. And while we can’t end every single act of violence, we do deserve the credit for creating the space and the opportunity for these victims to be able to come 
forward and, when they gain the courage, to leave these domestically violent situations. The most dangerous moment for any of these women is that point in time when they decide to do something about their situation, and that is the point in which there has just got to be a resource there. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Absolutely. So when they make that courageous decision, they quickly find they are not alone; there is someone there reaching out. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for being a part of this Special Order this evening. Again, I want to thank my colleague and commend her for her leadership on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I want to reiterate the importance of FVPSA. This legislation is at the heart of our Nation’s response to domestic violence services. This program ensures that local domestic violence shelters and programs are able to keep their lights on and the doors open to serve more than 1.3 million victims and their children every year. FVPSA funds nearly 1,600 communitybased programs through State formula grants, including 60 programs located throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, my home State. These programs provide the necessary resources to local communities that help educate individuals on healthy relationships, as well as offer legal assistance, crisis intervention, and counseling. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), an esteemed colleague, a good friend of mine. I have the privilege and honor of serving with him on the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative THOMPSON for this Special Order but, even more importantly, for sponsoring this legislation and giving many of us the opportunity to join with him because, indeed, this is not simply a piece of legislation that changes lives and saves lives, as it does, but it also changes history—the history of individuals, the history of families we trust, and the history of communities and this country—by doing the right thing. This Special Order on the importance of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act takes this from just simple legislation and the effort that goes there and puts human faces on it, and so I thank the gentleman for that. I am proud to be a cosponsor of this vital legislation that, for over 30 years, has been protecting and seeking justice for victims of domestic violence, especially women and children, though also for men and parents who are caught in a trap that, sadly, too often takes place within a socalled family situation. FVPSA was the first Federal law to address domestic violence; and since the law was enacted in 1984, it has continued to focus on providing shelter and services for survivors and children exposed to domestic violence. Every year, the National Network to End Domestic Violence conducts its annual census, which provides a snapshot of domestic violence services provided nationwide during a 24hour period. Last year, the survey found that, in Michigan, my home State, on just 1 day, 2,359 Michigan residents were given shelter or provided services through a domestic violence program. These are lives. 2,359 lives were touched with this program. This included over 1,600 victims finding refuge at a shelter or temporary housing arrangement, and over 400 calls to the Michigan Domestic Violence Hotline. I have had the opportunity to visit the SIREN/Eaton Shelter, which provides indispensable services to the community surrounding Charlotte, Michigan. The mission of SIREN/Eaton Shelter is to promote the elimination of domestic violence and homelessness by providing temporary housing, support, advocacy, education, counseling, and information to victims and the community. Whenever a victim reaches out for help, it is vitally important that they have access to safe refuge, the support services they need to protect themselves and their family, and hold their abusers accountable. Congress plays an important role in protecting victims of domestic violence as well as children who are the victims of abuse. This important legislation helps keep the lights on at domestic violence shelters across the country so they can continue their efforts to break the cycle of abuse for generations to come and, ultimately, change history. Mr. Speaker, a thankyou again to Representative THOMPSON for sponsoring this bill and giving us the opportunity to join with him, and also for holding this Special Order tonight to put faces, connect faces and lives to legislation that can make a difference. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) for his leadership on issues related to Education and the Workforce, serving that committee, as you do, and I am proud to serve there with you, but also for having that heart for individuals who are facing abuse and those victims that we know are out there who are struggling as a result of the various types of abuses that occur. I know the gentleman has a heart of service, of trying to provide this, so I am certainly proud to work with him on this important reauthorization of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, as a part of this, of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, Congress sets aside funding for three purposes under FVPSA. This includes a national domestic hotline which receives calls for assistance related to domestic abuse, incredibly important, being able to, 24/7, reach out for help when finding themselves in these tragic circumstances. Another area, another purpose is direct services like housing, counseling, legal advocacy, and referrals through State grants for victims of domestic abuse and their children and efforts to prevent domestic violence through a program known as Domestic Violence Prevention Enhancement and Leadership Through Allies. Now, I would like to take the opportunity to highlight one of these programs, The National Domestic Violence Hotline, more commonly referred to as The Hotline. Beginning in 1996, this 24hour, 7day aweek service provides free and confidential support for individuals who call for assistance related to domestic violence issues. The Hotline also provides referrals and connects individuals to the most comprehensive resource base in the country, with over 4,800 service providers in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Guam, all possible through the continuous support of FVPSA funding. The Hotline is the only 24/7 center in the Nation that has access to service providers and shelters across the United States, including our territories. This service also helps with safety planning and support related to questions related to healthy relationships. Not only does The Hotline answer calls from victims, but it also provides services and support to helpers, who are individuals who contact The Hotline on behalf of a person who is now or has previously been the victim of abuse, in addition to abusive partners, service providers, and law enforcement officials. One project The Hotline has introduced is the Love Is Respect program. The purpose of this program is to engage, educate, and empower young people to prevent and end abusive relationships. This online resource helps millions of teens and 20somethings learn about healthy relationships and dating violence. Providing hotline services to youth is also authorized as a part of FVPSA, another critical need covered by this legislation. Mr. Speaker, in 2017, The Hotline and Love Is Respect answered over 300,000 calls for help, 300,000 calls, texts, and chats from survivors of domestic abuse on a range of issues, including physical abuse, emotional and verbal abuse, economic and financial abuse, digital abuse, and sexual abuse. b1830 The National Domestic Violence Hotline also partners with the National Indigenous Women’s Resource Center’s expertise to operate the StrongHearts Native Helpline. This important program provides culturally appropriate, confidential services for Native Americans affected by domestic abuse and dating violence. Although The Hotline has made significant strides over its lifetime offering support to victims, more than 98,000 contacts in 2017 went unanswered due to a lack of resources and capacity. 
Mr. Speaker, that is unacceptable. It is imperative that we pass this legislation to continue funding programs like these that have a proven record of success. Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight one of the organizations that provides great resources on domestic violence issues, the National Network to End Domestic Violence. Each year, this organization releases a report entitled ‘‘Domestic Violence Counts: A 24hour National Census of Domestic Violence Services.’’ This report revealed that, in just one day, Mr. Speaker, one day in 2017, more than 72,000 victims of domestic violence received services. In my home State and your home State, Mr. Speaker, of Pennsylvania, in that State alone, 1,278 victims of domestic violence found refuge in emergency shelters or transitional housing provided by local domestic violence programs; 1,208 victims of domestic violence received support through counseling, legal assistance, and children’s support programs; 760 hotline calls received that day were answered, which equals about 32 calls answered per hour; and 1,841 individuals, Mr. Speaker, attended prevention and education training sessions on that day across Pennsylvania, gaining critical information on domestic violence prevention, early intervention, and other related services. Although this report showed the great success of our local community based programs, more than 11,000 requests for services went unmet that day because programs lacked the resources and the funding to carry out these services. Mr. Speaker, it is clear these programs are working for the American public. Let us pass this legislation to continue supporting victims of domestic violence and providing them with all the necessary resources they need on their way to recovery. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues, Representative MOORE  and Representative WALBERG , for taking time out of their busy schedule to talk about this important issue with us today. And, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the more than 100 Members of Congress who have stepped up and stepped forward to put their name on this legislation as cosponsors of this reauthorization bill. It is a strong bipartisan bill for a righteous purpose. FVPSA was the first Federal law to address domestic violence. Since its enactment in 1984, it has continued to have a primary focus on providing shelter and services for survivors and has increasingly provided support to children exposed to domestic violence and teen dating violence. It is my hope this legislation will continue to support those who are facing domestic violence and continue to create healthy and safe pathways to recovery. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and September 6 until 3 p.m. on account of personal reasons. 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2553. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; in addition, to the Committee on Ways and Means for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. S. 3021. An act to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 5, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2147. To require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justiceinvolved veterans, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESIDENT COMMISSIONER, AND DELEGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: Troy Balderson, 12th District of Ohio. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6123. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing 16 officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6124. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral David C. Johnson, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6125. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Zinc oxide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQ OPP20170574; FRL997836] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6126. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA HQOPPT20170560; FRL998277] (RIN: 2070 AB27) received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6127. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA HQOPPT20170464; FRL998224] (RIN: 2070 AB27) received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6128. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Partial Deletion of the Omaha Lead Superfund Site [EPAHQ SFUND20030010; FRL998284Region 7] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6129. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Lignosulfonic Acid, Calcium, comp. with 1,6 hexanediamine polymer with Guanidine Hydrochloride (1:1); Tolerance Exemption [EPAHQOPP20170520; FRL997994] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 
121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6130. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Hawaii: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Revisions [EPAR092018RCRA0267; FRL998286Region 9] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6131. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Aspartic acid, N(1,2 dicarboxyethyl)—, tetrasodium salt; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQOPP20170474; FRL998127] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6132. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Implementation Plan; Particulate Emissions; Limitations and Standards [EPA R07OAR20180188; FRL998206Region 7] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6133. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of Air Plan Revisions; Approvals and Promulgations: California; Placer County Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Source Permits [EPA R09OAR20180282; FRL998198Region 9] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6134. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Nebraska; Revisions to Title 115 of the Nebraska Administrative Code; Rules of Practice and Procedure [EPAR07OAR20180307; FRL998207Region 7] received August 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6135. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2018 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts; Correction [Docket No.: 161020985718102] (RIN: 0648 XF866) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6136. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985718102] (RIN: 0648XG023) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6137. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 160920866716702] (RIN: 0648XF891) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6138. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985718102] (RIN: 0648XF838) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6139. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 161020985718102] (RIN: 0648XF842) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6140. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Hook andLine Catcher/Processors in the Central Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 170816769816202] (RIN: 0648 XF893) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6141. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands [Docket No.: 161020985718102] (RIN: 0648 XF979) received August 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6142. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Various Model 234 and Model CH47D Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA20154007; Product Identifier 2015SW064AD; Amendment 3919351; AD 20181611] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6143. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; RollsRoyce Corporation Engines [Docket No.: FAA20180259; Product Identifier 2018NE09AD; Amendment 3919358; AD 20181704] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6144. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; ATRGIE Avions de Transport Re´gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA2018 0712; Product Identifier 2018NM089AD; Amendment 3919361; AD 20181707] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6145. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Docket No. FAA20180303; Product Identifier 2018 NM006AD; Amendment 3919360; AD 201817 06] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6146. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20171022; Product Identifier 2017NM098AD; Amendment 3919357; AD 20181703] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6147. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20180072; Product Identifier 2017 NM082AD; Amendment 3919363; AD 201817 09] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6148. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; RollsRoyce plc Turbojet Engines [Docket No.: FAA20171108; Product Identifier 2012NE44AD; Amendment 3919362; AD 20181708] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6149. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc. (Bell) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA20180738; Product Identifier 2017SW132AD; Amendment 3919355; AD 20181701] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6150. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus SAS Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20180277; Product Identifier 2017NM 124AD; Amendment 3919364; AD 20181710] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6151. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; B/E Aerospace Fischer GmbH Attendant Seats and Pilot Seats [Docket No.: FAA 20170937; Product Identifier 2017NE32AD; Amendment 3919341; AD 20181601] (RIN: 2120AA64) received August 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, 
Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6152. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report on the development and implementation of a training curriculum for members of the Board for Correction of Military Records for the United States Coast Guard, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1552 note; Public Law 114328, Sec. 534(c)(4); (130 Stat. 2122); jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Armed Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1051. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6691) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the definition of ‘‘crime of violence’’, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 115–920). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mrs. BLACKBURN ): H.R. 6702. A bill to clarify the congressional intent behind the requirements relating to immediate suspension orders and corrective action plans under the Controlled Substances Act that were added by the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6703. A bill to allow individuals to choose to opt out of the Medicare part A benefit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6704. A bill to permanently rescind unobligated amounts in the United States Enrichment Corporation Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6705. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a maximum contaminant level goal and promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for perchlorate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mrs. WAGNER , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington): H.R. 6706. A bill to support the establishment of small business development centers internationally and promote international commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for himself, Mr. GOMEZ , and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 6707. A bill to establish certain standards for the adjudication of United States passport applications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. JONES , Ms. T ENNEY , Mrs. WAGNER , and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana): H.R. 6708. A bill to limit the printing of the Congressional Record and the House Calendars, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6709. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal funds by the Department of Health and Human Services to award a grant for the development of any video game; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6710. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to permit the District of Columbia to establish the timing of special elections for local office in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for himself, Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B EYER , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. HECK, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. L EE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. PANETTA , Mr. C LAY, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): H.R. 6711. A bill to provide an allowance to offices of Members of the House of Representatives which shall be available for the compensation of interns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. SMUCKER (for himself and Mr. CARBAJAL ): H.R. 6712. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to develop a strategy to recruit and retain mental health providers, to direct the Secretaries of the military departments to develop medication monitoring programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS: H. Res. 1050. A resolution electing a Member to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6702. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6703. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 6704. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 6705. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Aritcle 1, Section 1. All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 6706. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas: H.R. 6707. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 6708. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6709. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6710. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6711. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 6712. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Mr. L AMB. H.R. 148: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 398: Mr. CLEAVER and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 483: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 762: Mr. ESPAILLAT and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 909: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 1038: Mr. HILL. H.R. 1161: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 1225: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 1300: Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. SARBANES . 
H.R. 1316: Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 1318: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 1322: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 1337: Mr. COLE, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi ana, and Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1456: Mr. WALDEN and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 1542: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1681: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 1734: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. UPTON , and Mr. D ENHAM . H.R. 1819: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1847: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 1898: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1904: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 1953: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2049: Mr. LABRADOR . H.R. 2150: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 2327: Ms. MATSUI and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 2358: Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. L ATTA , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2392: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2425: Ms. DELBENE, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. KILMER , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2535: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2650: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 2669: Mr. HECK. H.R. 2856: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 3124: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 3165: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 3325: Ms. PINGREE , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3349: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 3378: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 3635: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 3682: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3798: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 3931: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 4016: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 4107: Mr. LATTA , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. VALADAO , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. MITCHELL , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 4312: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4548: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 4608: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4732: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. CORREA , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 4843: Mr. KILDEE , Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 4886: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4983: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 5011: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. PASCRELL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5034: Ms. BASS, Mr. R USH, Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 5100: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn sylvania, Mr. DENHAM , and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 5107: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5141: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5160: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5226: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5279: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 5282: Mrs. HANDEL and Mr. H UIZENGA . H.R. 5340: Mr. BURGESS , Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. BACON . H.R. 5383: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 5413: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 5527: Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 5610: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 5671: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 5697: Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. S OTO, and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5710: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 5728: Ms. PINGREE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. MENG. H.R. 5794: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 5879: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. BEYER , Mr. G RAVES of Mis souri, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. KIHUEN , and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 5899: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5945: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5949: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 5985: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. BARR. H.R. 5986: Mr. COLE. H.R. 6048: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 6079: Mr. COLE. H.R. 6080: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 6108: Mr. MCEACHIN and Mr. H ARRIS . H.R. 6113: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 6216: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 6217: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 6219: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 6227: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 6246: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 6252: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 6277: Mr. LAHOOD, Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 6292: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H.R. 6405: Mr. UPTON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 6421: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 6503: Mr. SHERMAN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. TITUS, Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. J UDY CHU of California. H.R. 6517: Mr. KINGof New York and Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 6525: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. SIRES, Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. COHEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 6527: Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 6543: Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 6544: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 6562: Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 6578: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 6590: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 6607: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 6619: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 6626: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 6637: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 6645: Mr. BUCHANAN , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. KATKO , Mr. C RIST, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 6655: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 6659: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 6663: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 6671: Mr. TAKANO and Ms. L EE. H.R. 6681: Ms. MENG, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. HILL, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. MITCHELL , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE. H.R. 6683: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 6689: Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H. Con. Res. 72: Mrs. ROBY. H. Con. Res. 130: Mr. AGUILAR . H. Con. Res. 131: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 31: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H. Res. 147: Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 220: Mr. ROSKAM . H. Res. 401: Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. N EAL, Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Mr. G OMEZ . H. Res. 673: Mr. CORREA . H. Res. 776: Mr. GRIJALVA . H. Res. 864: Mr. GALLAGHER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. SOTO, Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. KILMER . H. Res. 1022: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. UPTON . H. Res. 1030: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H. Res. 1031: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. ESHOO , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H. Res. 1043: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. G ALLA GHER , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 6691, the ‘‘Community Safety and Security Act of 2018,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6035 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2018 No. 147 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JONI ERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our rock and fortress, we trust the unfolding of Your loving providence. May our lawmakers find refuge in the shadow of Your citadel. Give our Senators eyes that are willing to see their own mistakes and to be patient with the faults of others. May our legislators walk with reverence and sensitivity through all the seasons of their lives. Lord, give them steadfast hearts as they strive to glorify You in all they think, say, and do. Open their minds to think Your thoughts and their hearts to do Your will. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 