Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, on January 13, earlier this year, there was a text message that was sent out to over a million phones across the State of Hawaii that read: ‘‘Ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii. Seek immediate shelter. This is not a drill.’’ Now, this turned out to be a false alarm, but this message terrified residents and visitors all across our State and revealed deep gaps within an alert system, preparedness measures, and communication channels at every level of government. In the months since, my colleagues from Hawaii and I have introduced several pieces of legislation to address the problems that led to and contributed to this false alert going out so that we can try to prevent something like this from happening again, not only in Hawaii but anywhere in the country. We have introduced the READI Act to expand delivery of critical emergency alerts to cellphones, TVs, and radios; recognize, with technology, the new ways that people are getting information; and see how we can get alerts through streaming services like Pandora, Spotify, Netflix, and others. Ensuring that we take these steps now, ahead of any future disaster, is critical for every community across this country, and I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting and passing this timely and important legislation. f 
RECOGNIZING SAM SNIPES (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a legendary human being in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who is celebrating his 100th birthday. Morrisville resident Sam Snipes has lived a life defined by service and community. Following in his father’s footsteps in the legal community, Sam founded the Yardley firm Snipes & Collins after graduating from Temple Law School and Haverford College. Sam served as a dedicated public servant for nearly three decades as the Falls Township solicitor. For his community service, Sam was honored with the United Way of Bucks County Founders Award and the Mark E. Goldberg Award from the Bucks County Bar Association, among many other distinctions. Sam truly embodies dedication to our home of Bucks County. He still lives on the Snipes Farm, where he grew up, makes frequent appearances in parades and other community events, and serves on several boards. Mr. Speaker, Sam is truly a legend, and we wish him a very happy 100th birthday and thank him for being a bright beacon of hope in our community in so many ways. Happy birthday, Sam. 
YOUTH DRUG ABUSE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give a voice to millions of Americans who are at risk of being overlooked in our Nation’s response to the opioid epidemic, America’s youth. Our Nation’s opioid crisis knows no boundaries of geography or demographics, and age—age—is no exception. One of four individuals under the age of 20 has been prescribed opioids at some point in life, and 2.2 million young people between the ages of 20 and 24 abused opioids in the last year. Opioid abuse early in life often leads to poorer academic performance, more negative health outcomes, and higher rates of future drug use. In order to prevent the next generation of drug abuse, we have to ramp up our investment in critical programs like drugfree communities grants and substance abuse prevention and treatment block grants. We can also help young people build resilience by supporting our school based health centers, where students are able to get healthcare in a convenient setting. When students are empowered to meet with healthcare providers, ask questions, and receive needed care, they can become powerful advocates in turning the tide of this epidemic around. f 
TRADE ASSISTANCE FOR FARMERS (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and ask my colleagues to join me in supporting my bill, H.R. 6483, the Trade Assistance for Farmers Act. As a member of the House Agriculture Committee and a proud representative of Delaware, where 99 percent of our farms are family owned and 1 in 4 acres are permanently preserved for farmland, we have seen firsthand the impact of retaliatory tariffs. Over the past 60 days, soybean and corn farmers across the country have suffered over $13 billion in losses, and, according to the Delaware Department of Agriculture, our soybean and corn farmers have lost $28 million. Delaware is a microcosm of the country, with beautiful beaches, thriving cities, and sprawling farms. We know how important agriculture is to our country and our communities. My bill would create a permanent fix so that all farmers impacted by retaliatory tariffs can have the tools they need to stay competitive, regardless of who is in the White House. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my bill. 
CONGRATULATING MARIA MCCLAIN (Mr. MCNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Maria McClain for being selected by the National Science Teachers Association and the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics as 1 of 10 2018 STEM teacher ambassadors. For the past 22 years, Maria has been teaching mathematics at Deer Valley High School in my district in Antioch, California. She has twice been named Antioch Unified School District Teacher of the Year and Contra Costa County Teacher of the Year. Maria is also a recipient of the prestigious Presidential Award for Excellence in Math and Science Teaching. As the only Ph.D. in mathematics in Congress, I have a great appreciation for STEM education and the rewarding impact it has on its students. I am especially thankful for the work Maria is 
doing in my district; and around the country, it is teachers like Maria who are shaping the future of this country by bringing their passion and dedication to the classroom. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Maria and in thanking her for her commitment to STEM education. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1027 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1027 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one motion to recommit if applicable. SEC. 2. The Committee on Appropriations may, at any time before 3 p.m. on Thursday, August 2, 2018, file privileged reports to accompany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SEC. 3. House Resolution 1020 is laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. b0915 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 1027 provides for consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This NDAA process has once again been a textbook example of how Congress should work. After extensive hearings in the House and the Senate, lengthy committee markups, hundreds of amendments, separate passage in both Chambers, and a conference committee, we have reached the point of final passage. This has been a process that has followed regular order and allowed so many Members to have a role in the process. Here in the House, that is a testament to Chairman MACTHORN BERRY , Ranking Member A DAM SMITH, and their very capable staffs. This is the earliest the House has passed the final version of the NDAA in 41 years, which is a remarkable feat. A considerable amount of time and effort has been put into this product, and I know I join other Members of the House in expressing our deep gratitude for their efforts. This year’s NDAA offers the next steps in our effort to rebuild our military and reform the Pentagon. I know many of us have been deeply troubled by the readiness crisis that struck the military over the last several years. This has resulted in training accidents and failures that took the lives of our servicemembers. To reverse that trend, this year’s NDAA allows for increased funding for training, as well as $2.8 billion for the procurement of spare airplane parts. In response to recent naval incidents in the Pacific, the NDAA directs the Navy to review their operational chain of command and current training plans for surface warfare officers. The strategy of peace through strength requires us to continue to produce and procure the best tools and resources possible. In an effort to build toward President Trump’s goal of a 355ship Navy fleet, the NDAA authorizes the construction of new ships, including a Fordclass aircraft carrier, additional Virginia class attack submarines, and three littoral combat ships. Given the range of challenges in the nuclear domain, the NDAA supports the Nuclear Posture Review’s recommendation to pursue a loweryield ballistic warhead while also making important investments in our missile defense programs. Very important, the NDAA authorizes a 2.6 percent pay raise for our servicemembers, which is the highest increase in 9 years. This is critical to recruiting and retaining the best and the brightest. Additionally, this NDAA focuses on policies specific to Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran, as well as provisions relating to nonstate actors and terrorist organizations. I am also pleased that the conference report contains a compromise final version of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. Congress has come together in a strong bipartisan manner to recognize the growing threat of countries like China in weaponizing financial investment, threatening our advanced technologies, and undermining our defense industrial base. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, known as CFIUS, is an interagency body led by the Treasury Department tasked with reviewing foreign investment for national security concerns. However, United States law governing CFIUS has not been modernized for more than a decade, and it is not designed to address today’s modern, evolving threats. The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act gives CFIUS much needed additional authority to address real national security threats without unduly burdening foreign investment in the American economy and slowing American economic growth in the process. I could go on and on about the important reforms and priorities in this legislation, but these should give you an idea of our focus on standing up to our adversaries and supporting our servicemen and women. Mr. Speaker, just this past weekend, I was able to spend time with some of these fine servicemen and women in the Pacific, where they are taking part in the RIMPAC naval exercise, the largest in the world. It is amazing to see the work these young men and women, some of them very young, do on a daily basis. Whether it is landing planes on an aircraft carrier or steering a massive warship, these individuals are asked to carry out incredibly complicated and dangerous tasks, and they do it exceedingly well. It is the least we can do to show these courageous and patriotic Americans we have their backs by passing this NDAA on a strong bipartisan basis. We deal with a lot of complicated and, frankly, divisive issues in this body, but, today, on this issue, I hope we can show, for our national security and the people who devote so much to keep us safe, we can rise above the divisiveness of today’s politics. Let’s pass the NDAA for the 58th straight year and make sure all our servicemen and women know we have their backs. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting House Resolution 1027 and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the work of the conferees this year is to be commended. I don’t want the gentleman from Alabama to faint that I am saying something nice, but the bottom line is that the conferees did a great job. They worked hard and fast to get this NDAA conference report to the floor today. It has been just 2 months since we brought the rule for the House version of the bill forward for consideration. 
In fact, and I don’t get to say this enough, this process has been an example of how Congress should operate. Members brought their ideas forward when the original bill was being considered. The Rules Committee made amendments in order. We had some real debates here on the floor, and the conference committee has now done its job. That is how this body is supposed to work. But under this majority, it is the exception and not the norm. Bills often come before the Rules Committee without being considered by the relevant committees first. More than half of the rules that the majority brings to the floor are unamendable. All too often, the Rules Committee is where democracy goes to die. Regular order seems like a thing of the past. It shouldn’t be that way, but, all too often, it is. That is why this process is so notable. Mr. Speaker, why are we using this process for only things like the NDAA bill? Why not for other urgent matters, like addressing gun violence, stabilizing our healthcare market, or reforming our Tax Code? Wouldn’t it be nice if Congress tackled all problems like this? Now, this process made the NDAA bill better. Many harmful environmental provisions, thankfully, were removed. That includes language that would have prohibited the Secretary of the Interior from listing the sage grouse under the Endangered Species Act for a decade. I am also grateful that the conferees honored the sacrifice of the atomic veterans. The past three House versions of the NDAA included language that would award them a service medal honoring their sacrifice and service, which was carried out in secret and at great personal cost. It was adopted with nearunanimous votes. But, each time, it has been dropped in conference. This year, though, the conferees have agreed to provide the atomic veterans a certificate of recognition and, in the manager’s statement, have gone further by encouraging the Secretary of Defense to consider an appropriate medal or award to recognize radiation exposed servicemembers. For the life of me, I can’t understand why it is so hard for the Pentagon to honor these proud veterans with a service medal. Over threequarters of atomic vets have already passed away, many prematurely from health problems directly related to their service to our Nation. They and their families deserve a medal. For the RECORD , I would like to say that I remain committed to making sure that they receive that recognition, and I hope the chairman and ranking member will add their voices to encouraging the Secretary of Defense to do the right thing and confer a medal that recognizes the courage, the sacrifice, and the service of the atomic veterans. So, there are good things in this bill. That includes the increase in pay for our Nation’s military. Many members of our caucus will support this conference report as a result. Now, you would think the majority would want more bipartisan votes. It is possible, if they undertake a process like this more often. Let’s bring regular order back from the dead. Although this bill has been strengthened, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support it because very real weaknesses remain. This conference report still endorses President Trump’s plan to develop new lowyield nuclear warheads. A ban on developing these warheads has been in place for 15 years. Lifting it now could drastically impact our strategic stability at a time when the President is already upending our foreign policy. Now, let’s also talk about what is not included here. The conference report does not have language that would finally force this Congress to debate its role abroad. That is not because an amendment wasn’t offered. In fact, I put a bipartisan amendment forward with my colleagues, Representatives JONES , LEE, GARAMENDI , KILDEE , and WELCH . The amendment was pretty simple. It said any escalation of U.S. troops in Afghanistan over the next fiscal year put forward by the President or the Pentagon would have to be debated by Congress. We would have 30 days after a report was issued for Congress to either disapprove of the escalation or allow it to move forward. That is it. It wasn’t a radical idea, at least not to me or many of my colleagues. But it must have been to Republican leadership, because they did what they always do when pressed to pass a new AUMF or to have legitimate debates on the war in Afghanistan and other wars: They blocked us from even having a debate on the House floor. Republicans will apparently try anything to avoid a debate on this subject. We submitted a similar amendment to the Rules Committee last year during the NDAA consideration, and the majority advanced an alternative amendment that called for the administration to release a report on our strategy in Afghanistan instead. A study is not a serious attempt at congressional oversight of our foreign policy. The Trump administration must not have thought so either, since they never even bothered to send the report to Congress. It was more than 100 days late. Magically, it appeared shortly after the House had already debated and approved the NDAA. And, frankly, Mr. Speaker, it wasn’t worth the paper it was written on. Mr. Speaker, do my Republican friends even care that Congress is abdicating our responsibilities? We should be debating our role in Afghanistan. The administration has sent more than 4,000 additional servicemembers to fight over there in this last year. There are now more than 12,000 of our constituents there today. Mr. Speaker, don’t my Republican colleagues want to have a say over whether their constituents are sent to fight abroad? We are 17 years into this war. There is no end in sight. The least we could do is spend 10 minutes debating our foreign policy on the House floor. There are reports that the President is frustrated with his Afghan policy, that he may call for a review of our role there. Well, Mr. Speaker, shouldn’t Congress have a role in that new strategy? Maybe the Republicans are afraid to take on President Trump. They send angry tweets and critical press releases sometimes, but when it comes to actually doing something, they lose their nerve. Just take ZTE. Many members of the majority were outraged when the President announced plans to prop up this Chinese tech company. President Trump tweeted: ‘‘Too many jobs in China lost.’’ Apparently, his policy of ‘‘America First’’ quickly became ‘‘China First.’’ His move came after the Secretary of Commerce had banned U.S. companies from exporting any parts to ZTE. President Trump undercut his own Commerce Secretary, urging him to reverse this ban. It was an aboutface from an administration that has become defined by saying one thing one day and doing another the next. Republicans joined Democrats on both sides of the Capitol in pledging to reimpose the penalties the President reversed. Language banning government agencies from using or procuring technology made by ZTE were included in both the House and Senate bills. The Senate had stronger language, which I was hoping would be included here. If it were, I think it would pass. But a funny thing happened as this report was hashed out. Republicans went with the watered down House language instead. Mr. Speaker, actual leadership requires standing up and doing something and going against the President when he is wrong. But this majority has proven again and again and again that they aren’t willing to do that, no matter what the President says or does. We saw that after President Trump cozied up to Vladimir Putin in Helsinki. He stood with a dictator over the American intelligence community. It was a disgrace, and the majority did nothing. They even blocked our attempt to get a simple debate on the Quigley amendment. That would have provided funds to strengthen our election system against future hacking by bad foreign actors like Russia. Mr. Speaker, what is wrong with this President? What is wrong with my friends on other side of the aisle? We should be passing amendments to protect our election system. We ought to be passing the Engel resolution, condemning what the President did. This is already the most closed Congress in history. Most bills that come to the floor can’t even be amended by anybody, Republican or Democrat. 
b0930 It is ‘‘my way or the highway’’ with this majority. That is bad enough, Mr. Speaker. But now we can’t even debate protecting our democracy, just like we can’t debate our military’s role abroad. We have gone from being the people’s House to being more like Putin’s House. It is disgusting, quite frankly. The last time I checked, this was still America, where Congress is supposed to actually debate. Let’s act like it. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken about the need for bills to go through the committee and conference process. That happened here. The NDAA report was crafted in a bipartisan manner. I can’t vote for the underlying bill for all of the reasons I have discussed. That includes the lack of an AUMF. But when the process is better, we should recognize that. For that reason, I will be voting for this rule. I hope that we consider more bills through a similar process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the remarks of the gentleman. I would remind the gentleman that this socalled closed Congress has passed over 600 bills. Record numbers of bills have been passed by this Congress. This is a remarkably productive Congress, and all of us should take pride in the fact that over 80 percent of those bills were passed in a bipartisan fashion. So we have every reason to be proud of the work that we have done here not just this year, but last year as well. I also want to address what the gentleman had to say about an AUMF. We, indeed, as a Congress have a role to play in the foreign defense policy of this country. The bill that underlies this resolution that we have today is the National Defense Authorization Act. It is several hundred pages of policy that is set by the Congress. So we are participating in a very active fashion, both in oversight and in helping set this policy. I am very proud of the work that the members, Democrats and Republicans, in the House Armed Services Committee have done. This bill shows that Congress has a constitutional role that we are fulfilling. And I believe the very strong, bipartisan vote we are going to see on the bill demonstrates that all of us, or at least most of us, the vast majority of us, feel the same way. I want to say this very clearly. The young men and women who serve us every day abroad and put their lives at risk deserve from us not partisan divisiveness on this day, they deserve our unity. They deserve to hear from us that we are not going to sit and have some partisan bickering but that we have their back. If we can’t do that on this day, then we need to all go home this August and reexamine our consciences. There are other days and other times to debate other issues, but on this day, let’s stand up as one House and as one country for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just say to the gentleman from Alabama that he may want to defend a process where the majority of bills that have come to this floor have come under a process where nobody can offer an amendment. I think that is undemocratic. I think that goes against what this House is supposed to be about. It is one of the reasons why so many of the bills that come through here, quite frankly, are deeply flawed, because everybody is shut out of the process. This is the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. Nearly 60 percent of the bills that have come to the floor have come under closed rules. Now, you expect that in Russia, you expect that in China or Turkey, but you don’t expect that in the people’s House. It is unbelievable to me that my friends defend this process. When you throw in bills that don’t need a rule, the suspension bills—post offices and a lot of bills that, quite frankly, are inconsequential—you can rack up the numbers. The bottom line is the Rules Committee has become a place where good ideas are blocked on a regular basis, and not just Democratic ideas, but a lot of Republican ideas. I respect the Members of this House, both Republicans and Democrats, enough to be able to say that, if they have good ideas, they ought to be brought to the floor. They ought not be blocked in the Rules Committee behind closed doors and never even know why they are blocked. But that is the pattern here. It has to stop. Maybe it is going to take an election for it to stop, but this is unacceptable. I think most people around the country who are paying attention to what is going on here are fed up. And just one other thing. When I talk about the need to debate the war in Afghanistan and these other wars where we put American lives in jeopardy, that is not partisan bickering. Most of these amendments have been bipartisan. What we are responding to is many of our constituents who have been deployed halfway around the world who come back and say: What the hell are you doing? Do you guys have any idea what is going on over here? Why aren’t you talking about this? Why aren’t you debating it? We have been in a war for 17 years and we can’t even have a debate. We can’t even have 10 minutes on the war in Afghanistan or our growing involvement in military conflicts around the world. It is outrageous. You can defend it if you want. It is irresponsible. And the fact that this Congress won’t debate these issues, that is moral cowardice, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, we have witnessed one of the most disgraceful displays by an American President on foreign soil in our Nation’s history when President Trump refused to stand behind our intelligence community and to, instead, side with Vladimir Putin. Putin, he sided with Putin. Then on Tuesday, via Twitter, the President changed his tune and said, ‘‘I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting hard to have an impact in the upcoming election,’’ I guess apparently embracing the intelligence community again. And then he tweeted another tweet, basically saying that Russia is not involved in meddling in an election. I have to tell you, this President is messed up when it comes to the issue of Russia meddling in our election. I don’t know what the Russians have on him, if anything, but the behavior out of this President is not normal, and it should concern every single person, no matter what your party affiliation is. Russia attacked our country. They meddled in our election. Everybody knows it. And we have a President of the United States who is going out of his way to cover it up, to make it seem like it never happened, to dodge the issue. We cannot count on him to protect our election system; let’s just be honest about that. We need to step up in a bipartisan way. We need to hold Russia accountable for its election meddling, and we need to insist that these attacks on our democracy stop. Russia is not our ally. They are not a competitor. They are not our friends. We have to start acting like that. I am going to ask that if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative ENGEL ’s and Representative CONNOLLY ’s bill, H.R. 6494, the SECURE Our Democracy Act. Their bill would punish foreign entities who interfered with our elections, going back to 2015, and punish future attacks. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the White House cannot be counted on to protect our elections. All they are interested in is protecting the President. We need to do the right thing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise because we will soon have a chance to vote on legislation that would punish those who attacked American democracy in 2016 
and would deter anyone who tries to do so in the future. The bill I introduced with Mr. CONNOLLY , the SECURE Our Democracy Act, would slap tough sanctions on anyone found to interfere with an American election from overseas. It goes back to 2015, so it would include those who tried to put their thumb on the scale in favor of Donald Trump. We first introduced this bill in January of 2017, when it was becoming clear that Russia had waged a cyber warfare campaign against our election. Our updated version of this bill includes new congressional oversight provisions. Why? Because even if this bill passes, we don’t trust the President to do the right thing, quite frankly. We don’t believe he will do what it takes to protect our democracy, even after his own administration has told us over and over that Russia is at it again. After standing next to Vladimir Putin and accepting his lies over the unanimous conclusion of our intelligence community, how could we? So when the next vote is called, my friends on the other side of the aisle have a choice to make. Will they vote to say to Putin, to our chief adversary, that we won’t tolerate his attacks on our democracy, or will they again cede Congress’ oversight role and continue to cover up for the President, who cozies up to Putin, who sides with him over our allies, and who continues to deny what everyone else knows is a fact? Make no mistake: The next vote is our opportunity to punish the criminals who interfered in our election, to send a message that there will be consequences for anyone who does so in the future. After this vote, every Member will be on the record, letting the world know where they stand. So I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: vote to defeat the previous question. Vote to show Russia and Putin that we won’t stand by while they continue to attack American democracy. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, a vote against the previous question is a vote against this bill, which is there to defend America and support our servicemen and women. Make no mistake about it: You can’t change the subject. The subject is the defense of the country. The subject is standing behind our servicemen and women. Now, let’s make this clear. It was under the previous administration that Russia meddled in our elections, not under this administration. It was under the previous administration that Russia illegally seized Crimea. It was under the previous administration that we refused to arm the Ukrainians, who were simply trying to defend themselves. We are now arming them. This administration is doing that. I remember in the Presidential election of 2012, the Republican nominee for President said that the biggest threat to the United States of America is Russia, and he was laughed at. They are not laughing now. This bill provides what we need to have to pushback against Russia, to arm the people who want to fight against Russia, and to stand with our servicemen and women. To try to distract from that with some debate over a previous question on something that has nothing to do with defending this country, I wish we wouldn’t do that in this House. But I understand we have to make some partisan points before we leave here for August, and I am disappointed we are making those partisan points. We have an opportunity to stand up as one body and as one nation for our servicemen and women. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just correct the gentleman on one thing. Voting against the previous question is not voting against the bill. What it means is that we can walk and chew gum at the same time. It means that we can not only debate and vote on the defense conference report, but we can also debate Mr. ENGEL ’s and Mr. C ONNOLLY ’s bill. The gentleman is on the Rules Committee. He should know that. If we want to have this debate, we ought to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. And, by the way, we are talking about defending our country. Russia attacked us, in case you forgot, and we are trying to protect that from happening again. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) to discuss our proposal for the previous question. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Massachusetts for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just say to my friend from Alabama, he wraps himself in the uniform of our brave men and women who serve this country overseas and here at home as if there is a zerosum game here. He either chooses them or he chooses to address the threat from Russia, but he can’t do both. And I say to my friend: You go to those men and women and explain to them how our President of the United States could sit next to an adversary—a thug, a killer, someone who interfered in our election—and explain to them, out fighting for their country, the Commander in Chief wouldn’t do it. You explain to them how that same Commander in Chief actually opined that maybe Crimea should be given up. What are we fighting for? What are our values? This is relevant. We need to defeat the previous question so that we can consider a debate about the role of Russia in interfering with the most sacred thing Americans do: vote. Our bill would sanction any foreign individual or entity found to have unlawfully meddled with a Federal election and would bar entry to this country and freeze U.S.based assets of anyone involved in such interference. b0945 President Trump’s performance at the Helsinki Summit with Vladimir Putin underscores the need for this legislation, the very opposite of what my friend from Alabama is asserting. Time and again, the President refuses to acknowledge the unanimous conclusion of all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies that that happened; that Russia was a threat and directly interfered with our 2016 elections. Mr. Trump’s own Director of National Intelligence, Dan Coats, recently said: ‘‘The warning lights are blinking red again. Today, the digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack.’’ That is not some liberal Democrat. That is a former Republican Senator and the Republican appointee of a Republican President warning us this is a clear and imminent threat. So this is directly relevant. Defeating the previous question will allow us to have that discussion on the floor, because we love our country and we want to have a good answer to the men and women in uniform, my friend from Alabama keeps on invoking; that America hasn’t given up. We are not going to roll over and play dead to our adversaries. We are going to candidly, on a bipartisan basis, acknowledge the threat to this country. And we are going to resist it, because we recognize their service and their willingness to put themselves on the line. Are we, is the question. I urge the defeat of the previous question and support for the bill Mr. ENGEL and I have introduced to try to address this very grave subject. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would remind my friends on the other side of the aisle that today Russia faces more sanctions than they have faced since the end of the Cold War; more sanctions today than under the previous administration. This Congress and this President is pushing back against Russia. I am proud of what we are doing to push back on him, and we may not be done with that yet. We may need to do more. I stand ready to do more. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am glad the gentleman’s proud of the President’s performance in Helsinki, but I assure you, the majority of Americans were disgusted. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. BROWN ). Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I would like to, first, thank the House and Senate conferees for their work. This fiscal year 2019 Defense Authorization Act takes the crucial next steps to rebuild our military by making greater investments in training, 
equipping, and providing for our forces. This bipartisan bill is essential to helping our troops prepare and respond to the complex security challenges we are facing around the world. But as we authorize the largest budget for defense since World War II, it is imperative that President Trump lead responsibly so we can ably defend ourselves and the values we stand for around the world. That includes: Enhancing U.S. defense posture in Europe and confronting Russian aggression. We provide record funding for the European Deterrence Initiative that deepens our commitment to our NATO allies. We strengthen our ability to combat ongoing Russian cyber campaigns that seek to undermine our democracy. And we prevent the administration from recognizing Putin’s illegal annexation of Crimea. It requires the President to spend our defense dollars wisely. We should be focusing on increasing readiness and extending our warfighting edge, which is why the NDAA increases funding for training in each service, modernizes range and test facilities and boosts spending on maintenance and spare parts. And we in invest in modern equipment that have the capabilities to confront Russia and China and other emerging threats. We must also support the men and women who choose to wear the uniform. That is why we are providing our servicemembers with the largest pay raise in nearly a decade. And we are overhauling the Transition Assistance Program to provide servicemembers bettertailored resources as they prepare to enter civilian life. But we must do more to ensure that we extend and preserve the ability to honorably serve to every person in our armed forces, such as: The men and women deserving a harassmentfree workplace. The Dreamer promised citizenship. Or the transgender American who wants to continue serving. The array of national security threats facing the United States is more complex and diverse and the strategic environment has never been more competitive. The Defense Authorization Act gives our military service components the tools and resources for the United States to maintain its military advantage, counter adversaries, and defend the international order that has created a safer and more prosperous world. Congress has done its job. Now the President must make the tough choices to implement the national defense strategy and truly safeguard our national security. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with serious concerns about the missed opportunity in this legislation to take strong action against the Chinese firm, ZTE. Our telecommunications systems are the backbone of our national security operations, and those systems need to be protected to ensure the safety of our citizens. Not only did ZTE violate U.S. sanctions by illegally selling components to North Korea and Iran, it also paid full bonuses to the employees who engaged in illegal conduct, and then lied to U.S. authorities about it. Instead of sending a strong message to ZTE, the NDAA Conference Committee stripped language from the Senate bill to ban ZTE from doing business with all U.S. firms and replaced it with watereddown language that merely prohibits ZTE from doing business with the U.S. Government. This effectively gives ZTE a free pass for its past violations, and prioritizes a foreign company’s interests over the security of the American people. This is wrong. Dealmaking with ZTE is bad policy, and it sends a clear message to our adversaries that America is not willing to enforce our own sanctions. Earlier this year, I wrote to Secretary Ross raising my concerns with reports that the administration was backtracking on its recently imposed 7year ban on ZTE. To my dismay, and I think to many others, the administration lifted the ban. The Senatepassed version of the bill would have restored the ban in full. So I am distressed that my colleagues have succumbed to pressure from the White House and watered down critically needed security protections. We are all public servants of the American people. The number one responsibility we have is to protect and defend them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. ESHOO. We must not make deals with foreign entities that have a proven history of compromising our telecommunications sector and treating our laws with disdain. When we know for a fact that a certain company or country does not have our national interests at heart, we have no business doing business with them, period. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would remind the gentlewoman that in this bill, ZTE is prohibited from doing any business with the United States Government, and any company that does business with the ZTE is prohibited from doing business with the United States Government. If we did what she suggested we do, we would have to find some way to save a billion dollars out of mandatory spending under the Defense Department. There is very little mandatory spending over at the Defense Department. Let me tell you what it is. It is the retirement. It is what we require people to pay for their TRICARE, the people who have already served in the armed services. We have to make them pay more money for their healthcare. I don’t want to penalize those people who have already served our country. I stand with them. For that reason, I think this bill is plenty strong against ZTE. I think we have reached a good compromise here. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 4
1⁄4 minutes remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, the military burns their trash, including computers, plastic, and medical waste, in openair burn pits, creating smoke with toxic chemicals like metals and carcinogens that pose serious health risks to our troops. Our servicemembers and veterans are developing severely debilitating pulmonary diseases, like pulmonary fibrosis and constrictive bronchiolitis, leaving them oxygendependent. And other young veterans are dying from rare cancers in the brain, pancreas, blood cells, and other locations. I am an emergency medicine physician and a public health expert. In public health and in medicine, it is practice that if there is a high enough suspicion of a harm that causes a severe enough illness, then we need to act on that suspicion, remove the harm, and treat the person. We can’t wait 10 or 20 years for the perfect research study. We must act now. We must do that by simultaneously and immediately addressing these 4 points: First, stop our troops’ exposure to dangerous burn pits out in the battlefield. Second, educate doctors, veterans, and servicemembers to help doctors understand the risks of being exposed to burn pits, and to help veterans and servicemembers understand the early signs of potential serious illness so they can get treatment early. Third, take care of burn pit exposed veterans and servicemembers at the VA and DOD, and ensure illnesses caused by burn pit exposure are recognized in their claims for disability benefits. Fourth, do more research that is needed to identify all the different health impacts exposure to burn pits can cause. The conference report for Fiscal Year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act includes two of my amendments 
that will help address the first 2 points: Stopping the use of burn pits. And educating veterans and their caregivers about the health risks that could be connected to exposure to burn pits. My first amendment directs the Department of Defense to conduct a feasibility study on ending the use of dangerous burn pits by using incinerators and other technology. My second amendment requires the Department of Defense to conduct an annual education and outreach campaign to veterans exposed to burn pits and who are qualified to enroll in the burn pit registry. The burn pit registry will improve our understanding of the different health effects of exposure to burn pits and help our ability to communicate with veterans and increase their awareness of subtle changes in their health so that they could understand the early signs of potential serious illness. The Government must acknowledge the dangers of burn pits and the suffering of burn pit exposed veterans with severe illnesses. The Government has a responsibility to immediately provide them with the care and benefits they have earned while defending our freedoms. I want to thank the conferees and the ranking member and chairman of the Armed Services Committee for their support of my amendment and for including these amendments in the final conference report. Congress must continue to work together to provide solutions for our veterans and servicemembers exposed to these dangerous chemicals, toxins, carcinogens, and the smoke of burn pits. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the gentleman’s amendments were included in the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 1 minute remaining. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, while I oppose the underlying conference report, for reasons that I have already articulated, I do support the rule because it reflects a good process where committees were respected, where the ranking members were respected. We went through a conference committee, which is something almost unheard of in this body, and so I think many of us, myself included, are reasonable when the majority behaves reasonably. But the bottom line is, there are a lot of issues that need to be addressed that aren’t being addressed, and they are not being addressed because the Rules Committee routinely blocks good ideas from coming to the floor. So the only way we have an opportunity to bring up important issues is through procedural motions like defeating the previous question so we can bring up the EngelConnolly bill, so we could actually stand up to Russia. So we are going to vote for the rule. We are asking you to stand up to Russia. I don’t think that that is a bad exchange. So vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Let’s stand up to Russia before we go home. Let’s do the right thing. Let’s show the President that we have a spine, that we disagree with what he did and we are going to do the right thing here. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, today we are here to talk about not only defending the United States of America from all of our adversaries, Russia, especially, but to stand behind the men and women in uniform. And, yes, I do associate myself with them. b1000 I am not one of them, but I am one of their supporters. And I hope that the vast majority of us in this body will stand up with them and be their supporters today both on the previous question on the rule and also on the bill when it comes before the body. If we really want to push back against Russia, we will stop the games, and we will pass the rule, and we will pass the bill. That is how we stand up against Russia. Having a bitter, partisan debate before we do so only helps our enemies. Let’s stand together on this issue. We will come back after the break in August and debate the other issues, but let’s send a clear message to those brave young men and women, that we have their back. We can do that by doing our duty today. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 1027 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1027 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6494) to expose and deter unlawful and subversive foreign interference in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6494. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311) describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools 
for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 226, nays 183, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Ellison Gohmert Hanabusa Hudson Jones Labrador Marino Moore Pelosi Rice (NY) Rokita Speier Walz 
b1025 Ms. WILSON of Florida changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. CHENEY and Mr. MACARTHUR changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the resolution. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1027, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1027, the conference report is considered read. (For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of July 25, 2018, at page H7202.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b1030 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on the conference report to accompany H.R. 5515. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to express my appreciation to the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. SMITH, not only for his work on this conference, but also for his work throughout the process of bringing this bill to fruition. However strongly he and I may disagree on some particular issues, it is always clear that he seeks, first and foremost, to do the right thing for our military personnel and our country’s national security, and I very much appreciate the opportunity to work with him. Second, I want to thank all the members of the conference committee and of the House Armed Services Committee. Each of them has contributed to this final product, although I suspect none of them is pleased with everything that is or is not in it. It is the result of a negotiation between House and Senate Members with a variety of interests. Taken as a whole, however, I think all Members who participated, whether in committee, in conference, or here on the floor, can be proud of the result. 
Third, I want to thank our staff, both committee staff and personal staff. They worked long and hard to get this done and get it done earlier than we have in many years. I especially want to thank the committee staff director Jen Stewart, as well Paul Arcangeli and my personal chief of staff, Josh Martin, for all of their work. Mr. Speaker, next, I want to express particular appreciation to a group of folks who often do not get publicly recognized in order to do this conference report and do it on the timeframe we have had available. Those working in legislative counsel have had to work extraordinarily hard, and I am grateful to each of them. Some of those in legislative counsel who have worked on this product include Hadley Ross, Sherry Chriss, Tony Sciascia, Noah Wofsy, Ken Cox, Brendan Gallagher, and Mat Eckstein. There are others who will be named shortly. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Rules Committee and that staff for helping us work through a procedural issue in the last couple of days. Mr. Speaker, this bill takes a major step forward in rebuilding our military, reforming the Pentagon, and better preparing this country to deal with the national security challenges that lay before us. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, this bill continues to make readiness a key focus, for if we send our men and women out on missions, then they deserve to have the best equipment, the best training, and the best support that this country can provide. It advances implementation of the new National Defense Strategy, so we can be better prepared against threats from peer or nearpeer adversaries, such as Russia and China. In fact, there are many, many provisions in this bill, Mr. Speaker, directly related to countering the aggressive actions we have seen from each of those countries. One section of this conference report is the first update to our foreign investment laws in many years. I commend Chairman HENSARLING , Chairman ROYCE , and, of course, Speaker R YAN for negotiating a strong CFIUS bill, which helps protect our Nation’s security. This conference report also prohibits the Federal Government from buying products or services from Chinese telecommunications companies, such as ZTE and Huawei. And, importantly, it prohibits the Federal Government from doing business with any company that buys their products or services. A more complete summary of the provisions has been provided to all Members, but the top priority of this bill and of our committee remains the men and women who volunteer to serve our Nation in the military. This bill authorizes the largest pay increase in 9 years. It provides additional assistance for spouses seeking employment; it makes transition assistance more tailored to the individual; and it prohibits the closure of military healthcare facilities; all of that and more focused on our people, who are our most valuable asset. Mr. Speaker, speaking of patriotic Americans serving our country, one provision on which the House receded to the Senate was the title of the bill. We happily agreed to name this legislation after Senator JOHNMCCAIN, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee. We do so not just because of his current position but in recognition and in tribute to a lifetime of patriotic service to our Nation. Navy pilot, prisoner of war, Member of the House, Member of the Senate, Presidential nominee, whatever his job, whatever his role, JOHN MCCAINhas carried it out with passion and intensity and with a love for our country that knows no bounds. History will find Senator JOHNMCCAINto be one of the giants of our time. While battling cancer at home in Arizona, he has helped guide this year’s NDAA throughout the process. Now, that does not mean that he agrees with every one of the outcomes in this conference report. I know from firsthand experience that he can be a fierce advocate and a tough negotiator. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, Senator INHOFE has done a great job on Senator MCCAIN’s behalf, and this conference report bears Senator MCCAIN’s unmistakable stamp. He has, once again, made a strong, positive difference for the men and women in uniform and for the national security of the United States of America. We certainly wish him and his family the best in his current fight. We thank him, and we attempt to honor him and his outstanding record of service to our Nation with this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his leadership of the committee. Our committee is committed to completing this process every year, and I think it is a great example of how the legislative process should work. It is bipartisan; it follows regular order; and the chairman deserves a great deal of credit for making sure that both of those things happened. He has been very inclusive of all the members of the committee, Democrats and Republicans, and also all the Members of this House who have had interest in what goes into this bill to make sure that we have the strongest possible national security policy. I really appreciate his leadership, but I also share with him the gratitude that we have for our staff and the incredible hard work that they do to pull this process together. As the chairman mentioned, this is the soonest we have completed the NDAA—knock on wood, assuming we complete it—in my entire time in Congress. That took a lot of people doing a lot of work, Members and staff alike. The chairman mentioned some of the legislative counsel staff. These are the people who when at the absolute last minute we decide, oh, we prefer it done this way, they are the ones who have to go back in and rewrite the entire thing and redo the entire thing at all hours of the night. They do a spectacular job and are frequently unrecognized. The chairman mentioned some of them. I want to mention the rest: Mark Synnes, Hank Savage, I am going to do my best on this name—Kalyani Parthasarathy, Tom Cassidy, Casey Ebner, and Paul Kubicki. These folks do an amazing job for our country and for the men and women in the military. I really appreciate their tireless work and the outstanding product they produce for us each year. I agree with the chairman that we have a very strong bill this year. I also agree with the chairman that if any one of us were to write it, we would write it differently. There are things we would like to see in that were left out and things that are in that we prefer were not. But that is the nature of the legislative process. It is a compromise, an effort to work together to hopefully come up with a good product, and I think that is what we did this time. The chairman mentioned a number of the highlights. I am particularly focused on the fact that we do have language in this bill to take a look at the issue of civilian casualties as a result of some of our military action throughout the world, to get a better read on exactly what is happening and how we can minimize those. There is also language for a review of exactly what our military is doing in Yemen, to make sure that it complies with the law and complies with the interests of the United States. I am also pleased that, once again, we were able to avoid putting any environmental riders into this bill. Also, I agree with the chairman that this bill really shores up our ability to contend with the adversaries that most threaten us. On Russia, we have the largest increase in the European defense initiative that we have had in a defense bill. We also shore up our support for Ukraine and the rest of our NATO allies by reaffirming our commitment to NATO and our commitment to defending them from any Russian aggression. Where China is concerned, as the chairman mentioned, we have very strict restrictions on ZTE and also on Huawei and other Chinese companies to make sure they can’t do business 
with the U.S. Government or with companies that do business with the U.S. Government. I do want to address one issue that I heard brought up during the rule. I think there is a popular misunderstanding that somehow our bill is responsible for the deal that led ZTE back into the U.S. market. That is not true. The President of the United States decided to undo what he had done previously, blocking ZTE from doing any business in the U.S., and basically fined them $1 billion. ZTE is paying $1 billion to get out from under the effective death penalty and be allowed back into the U.S. market. For our bill to have undone that, as the Senate bill did, it would have required us to cut $1 billion in mandatory spending. Now, I don’t agree necessarily with the Parliamentarian’s ruling there, that the $1 billion that ZTE paid is something that we should have had to offset if we undid the deal. But we have to live by the law. This is also mandatory spending, so if we were going to get rid of the ZTE deal and get rid of that $1 billion, we would have literally had to cut retirement healthcare for the men and women who served in the military. I don’t think that is something that anyone on this floor would have been willing to do. So this bill does step up to confront our adversaries in Russia and China. I also think it reflects the values, as I mentioned, of dealing with the civilian casualty issue and trying to get a bead on what is going on with Yemen. And it reflects a reasonable compromise between the House and the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to close by echoing the words of our chairman in being grateful that this bill is named after Senator MCCAIN. I knew Senator MCCAINbefore I even got into politics, just as a prominent national figure, a war hero, and someone to be greatly admired. It is one of the great honors of my career that I have had the privilege to work with him on the Armed Services Committee process over the course of the last 5 years as ranking member. JOHNMCCAINis as tough, smart, and committed to this country as anyone you will ever find. It is truly fitting that this bill is named after him. He will be remembered as one of the great heroes of our country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ), who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to support the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. Appropriately named after an American hero, the conference report contains policy and funding initiatives that provide our military with the resources necessary to restore readiness and rebuild combat capability. Chairman MACTHORNBERRY has been very successful, with leadership, to expedite this critical legislation in record time. As Readiness Subcommittee chairman, I appreciate that the conference report authorizes additional funding for training, spare parts, equipment, and weapons systems maintenance. The conference report also focuses on aviation readiness by increasing flying hours, funding for spare parts, and establishing a commission to examine the tragic rise in military aviation accidents. Both the House and Senate bills address Navy surface forces improvements in response to last year’s collisions and tragic loss of 17 lives on the Fitzgerald and McCain. I appreciate the conference report because it contains a range of provisions that improves the operation of surface fleets. The conference report provides critical funding for Fort Jackson and continues construction of the mixed oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River site to protect the environment in South Carolina and Georgia. It also supports our strongest ally in the Middle East, Israel, by establishing defense partnerships to counter Iran’s terrorist activities. In conclusion, I want to thank Chairman THORNBERRY again for his success with his dedicated, professional staff. I also appreciate the Readiness Subcommittee’s distinguished ranking member, MADELEINE BORDALLO of Guam, for her contributions to this bill. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. b1045 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), the ranking member on the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee. I want to particularly thank him for his leadership on climate change and alternative energy. He has done a great job of inserting those issues in this bill. I appreciate that leadership. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member SMITH, Chairman MCCAIN, Ranking Member R EED, Senator INHOFE , and their staff for their tireless work in producing this conference report. I am especially pleased that this conference report is named after Senator JOHN MCCAIN, a true American hero. Thank you for your service, Senator, and Godspeed. It was an honor to serve as a conferee throughout this process and to be a part of this undertaking in support of our Armed Forces. While no bill is perfect, there is much to be proud of in this conference report. We are giving our troops a much deserved pay raise, taking critical steps to counter Russian aggression and resist Chinese coercive influence, and continuing to ensure the Department of Defense is prepared to mitigate the risks posed by climate change. We are also increasing funding for the Virginia and Columbiaclass submarine programs, which are made in my home State of Rhode Island, and protect our Nation and our allies and create thousands of jobs back home. As ranking member of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee, it has been a pleasure to work with Chairwoman ELISE STEFANIK . I am particularly glad we are making strong investments in our cyber personnel and capabilities, providing increased support for our Special Operations Forces and their families, and increasing funding for key programs to maintain our technological superiority, such as railgun development, directed energy prototyping, and unmanned vehicles. The threats we face as a nation are diverse and challenging. There are no easy answers for how the United States will continue to promote stability and the rulesbased international order. But I believe that this bipartisan work of the House and Senate Armed Services Committee, and this bill in particular, will improve our national security and help keep our country and our servicemembers safe. Lastly, I want to thank Kathryn Mitchell on my personal staff, who serves as my MLA. She is leaving for South Korea to be with her husband, who is serving in the United States Army. Job well done, Kathryn, and thank you. For those reasons and more, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this conference report. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking Chairman THORN BERRY for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. I strongly support H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the 58th consecutive NDAA passed by Congress. I also want to thank our leadership— Speaker RYAN, K EVIN MCCARTHY , STEVE SCALISE , and P ATRICK  MCHENRY —for their contribution to this bill being a contribution to readiness. This is about increasing the top line, increasing national defense spending, and increasing support for our men and women in uniform. I want to thank them for their leadership in accomplishing that. I have the privilege of serving as the chairman of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee, and I would like to recognize our subcommittee ranking member, Ms. NIKITSONGAS . I want to thank NIKIfor her support on the subcommittee and as cochair of the Military Sexual Assault Prevention Caucus. 
Throughout her tenure in Congress, NIKIhas worked in a solidly bipartisan fashion to support our warfighters, improve the readiness of our military, and help our servicemembers eliminate sexual assault in uniform. She is leaving behind a strong legacy of accomplishments. Within our subcommittee’s jurisdiction, this bill recommends authorization for over $97 billion in modernization funding that is necessary to regain our advantage against peer competitors. This bill recognizes the importance of the fifthgeneration strike fighter and supports the President’s budget request for 77 Joint Strike Fighters. It also authorizes the Department to procure an additional F–35 aircraft if funds become available through cost savings and program efficiencies. The bill includes several oversight provisions to combat the physiological episodes occurring in military aircraft. We now require the Department to certify that all new aircraft will have the latest technology to keep our pilots healthy and safe. In the bill, Congress reiterates the importance of the Air Force’s JSTARS program. For more than 25 years, the aircraft has provided our warfighters command, control, and surveillance of ground battle. JSTARS have flown over 130,000 combat hours and will be an integral piece of the Air Force’s arsenal for years to come. For the seventh consecutive year, this bill addresses sexual assault. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COOPER ). Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all members of the conference committee for their record breaking work on this National Defense Authorization Act. This bill supports the national security, so I am pleased to support it. I would particularly like to thank my good friend, Chairman ROGERS , for his bipartisan leadership of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee. In addition to authorizing core missions of our nuclear forces to provide a strong deterrent, this defense authorization bill mandates an independent study on increasing the decision time before the President can use nuclear weapons; allows negotiations for extending the New START treaty to maintain binding limits on the number of strategic weapons that Russia can deploy; drops a provision that would have all but separated the Nuclear Security Administration from the Department of Energy, in direct contradiction of expert recommendations; and allows the Department of Energy to continue terminating the failed and unaffordable MOX boondoggle. The bill supports effective missile defense efforts, including pressing for nearterm solutions such as boost phase missile defense using kinetic interceptors, increases accountability of the acquisition of expensive interceptors, and, of course, supports U.S. Israeli missile defense. Finally, I strongly commend Chairman ROGERS ’ leadership in strengthening our ability to defend our assets in space against increasing threats. The bill creates a subunified command for space and continues oversight of warfighting readiness, presses for a more rapid and agile acquisition process, and mandates a plan for improving our space capabilities. I look forward to continuing to work with Chairman ROGERS and others toward establishment of a true space corps or space force. I urge support for this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This report authorizes additional funding for nuclear modernization efforts. We make good on promises to improve defenserelated infrastructure. It authorizes full funding for a lowyield nuclear warhead. It also postures the United States to credibly address the threat posed by Chinese and Russian strategic nuclear weapons in the future. On missile defense, the conference report includes policy support and funding for spacebased sensing, boost phase intercept, hypersonics, and directed energy efforts. Regarding national security space reform, this conference report establishes a subunified command for space. It tasks the Department with developing an alternative acquisition for national security space, and it directs the Department to deliver a space warfighting policy and readiness plan. These steps begin taking us down a path toward implementing President Trump’s directive to establish a space force. Finally, it also includes significant reforms as to how the DOD calculates work at our Nation’s depots in an effort to modernize and streamline that process to better support both the depots and the warfighters who depend on them. In conclusion, I want to thank the subcommittee’s distinguished ranking member, JIMCOOPER . He has been a great partner in this endeavor. I also thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH for their leadership in fashioning this outstanding bill. I strongly urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Chairman THORNBERRY and commend Ranking Member SMITH for their hard work in bringing this bill to the floor. It has been an honor to be a member of this bipartisan committee. I also want to recognize my chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, JOEWILSONof South Carolina, for his invaluable assistance. The conference agreement authorizes $247.2 billion in operations and maintenance funding between the base and overseas contingency accounts. This includes increases in readinessenabling accounts to support depotlevel maintenance, parts and spares, training, and facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization. The agreement also addresses readiness challenges of the surface Navy following the four incidents that occurred in the Pacific last year. With respect to military aviation, the agreement establishes a National Commission on Military Aviation Safety that will assess the causes of recent aviation mishaps and make changes for training, maintenance personnel, and policies related to safety. The FY19 NDAA also begins to address challenges with DOD’s facilities and infrastructure by authorizing appropriations of $11.3 billion for military construction and family housing. This includes authorization for 38 additional military construction projects from the services’ unfunded priorities list. I am also grateful to the conference for including provisions important to Guam. First, the H–2B workforce provision allows us to fully implement the marine relocation from Okinawa, which is vital to the security of the IndoPacific region. This is an important step toward stabilizing Guam’s workforce crisis, and I hope to continue working on further legislation needed for civilian relief. Also, on the Navy’s net negative commitment to Guam, the bill improves transparency by establishing a publicly accessible list of Navy property expected to be transferred to the Government of Guam. The bill supports the ship repair industry on Guam and in the U.S. The bill authorizes $32 million for the Navy to restore a dry dock capability and prohibits the Navy from redeveloping the former ship repair facility on Guam for any purpose other than to support depotlevel ship maintenance. I continue to stress that it is imperative for the Navy to maintain a depot level ship repair capability on sovereign U.S. soil in the western Pacific. I close by extending my gratitude again to the chairman and the ranking member and to my colleagues and the professional staff and all who participated in producing the conference agreement. I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this conference report and the 
items included in it. I want to thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH for their leadership in pushing this across the finish line. In my subcommittee, we authorized an additional three battle force ships, including the next Fordclass aircraft carrier. We have also kept an eye on the future and prioritized funding for the B– 21 Raider bomber program and the Columbiaclass ballistic missile submarine, programs that are essential for our national security and comprise two parts of our Nation’s nuclear triad. While we still have work to do, I think that this conference report does a good job of continuing to build off of last year’s progress. Some have questioned whether a Member of Congress can be both a fiscal hawk and a defense hawk. I am convinced that a Member can be both. For example, we have also authorized long term contracts for ships, aircraft, and weapons. With these contracts, in addition to the accelerated procurement of the next Fordclass aircraft carrier, we understand the Navy can save almost $3 billion. These savings are significant. While I am proud that this may be the first time in more than two decades that an NDAA will be enacted before the start of the fiscal year, we still have work to do to secure funding for this bill. Specifically, I believe there is no more debilitating action that Congress can perform than delaying an accompanying Defense Appropriations bill. The House has passed ours, but we need our colleagues in the Senate to do the same during their time in D.C. in August. If we lose this rare opportunity to pass a Defense Appropriations bill before the end of the fiscal year, we will once again be holding our military hostage for other domestic priorities. I was thrilled to see Speaker RYAN continue to lead on this issue when he indicated yesterday: ‘‘We really just want to get the military funded on time, on budget, on schedule this year, and that’s the primary concern.’’ We need to get back to basics, perform our constitutional duty, and let our servicemembers know that we have their backs while they are serving on the front lines, that we are dedicated to their service, and that we will take care of their families until they return. Let’s pass this defense authorization bill and turn to getting the Defense Appropriations bill done on time. b1100 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT NEY). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the 2019 John McCain Defense Authorization bill. First, I would like to extend my congratulations to Chairman THORNBERRY  and Ranking Member SMITH for their steady, bipartisan leadership as this bill was crafted—the 58th consecutive year in a row that Congress has produced an NDAA, a testament to their superb legislating and the constructive dialogue that results from following regular order. I also want to salute the hard work of my colleague ROBWITTMAN , at the helm of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, and our professional staff—Phil MacNaughton, Dave Sienicki, and Bruce Johnson—for their talent, expertise, and followthrough for all our members. Our subcommittee mark accelerates the timeline toward achieving a Navy fleet of 355 ships, the size needed to meet global requirements according to the Navy’s 2016 force structure assessment. Our work authorizes funding for 13 battle force ships, three more than President Trump’s request. In particular, at a time when rising adversaries are recapitalizing or expanding their undersea fleets, this year’s NDAA provides $7.6 billion for the Virginia class program and nearly $4 billion for the Columbiaclass development and advance procurement. The bill authorizes two Virginiaclass attack submarines in 2019 and requires the next Block V Virginia contract currently under negotiation to include priced options for additional third submarines in years 2022 and ‘23. This provision will maintain the option for the next Congress to take advantage of industrialbase capacity that the Navy last February told us is available to increase submarine construction in the future. Tragically, 2017 was a very difficult year for the U.S. Navy. Our country lost 17 sailors in the fatal collisions involving the USS Fitzgerald and the USS John McCain. This bill directs the Navy to assess the checks and balances in its chain of command so operational demands are appropriately balanced with ship training, certification, and maintenance. It limits to 10 years the period in which ships may be forward deployed and requires that ship readiness inspections be conducted on a nonotice basis, with results made available for the public to see. These changes are critical. We owe it to our sailors, and we can’t afford to have our naval assets out of commission with so much at stake as competitors seek to counter timehonored norms, such as the right to transit international waters freely. Mr. Speaker, the important provisions of this bill showcase what we in Congress can accomplish when we collectively choose to work with our colleagues across the aisle and trust the committee process to produce a fair and balanced result. Even more impressive is the fact that passage of this NDAA is the earliest it has come in 20 years. This defies the constant narrative of a dysfunctional Congress. Again, I commend the skillful leadership of Mr. THORNBERRY and Mr. SMITH, as well as Senators M CCAIN and REEDacross the Capitol, in helping shepherd this legislation to the point where it is today. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all Members to vote for passage of this measure. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Oversight. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, and I thank Chairman THORNBERRY , Ranking Member SMITH, all the conferees, and the committee staff for their dedicated, hard work on this important piece of legislation. This bipartisan bill provides our troops the equipment, resources, and training they so desperately need. It authorizes a 2.6 percent pay increase for our troops, authorizes 24 additional F–18 Super Hornets, invests in A–10 modifications, fully funds the B–21 bomber program, and funds various bomber modernization programs to ensure our current bomber fleet remains operational until the B–21 comes online. I am delighted that this bill includes a provision that raises the Air National Guard control grade cap to ensure that the ANG is properly resourced. The lack of control grades severely restricts the ANG’s ability to recruit fulltime officers separating from Active Duty in the Air Force, many of whom are muchneeded pilots. Raising this cap will help fill these needed slots. The bill also includes a vital provision that prohibits Federal agencies from purchasing certain Chinesemade telecommunications and video surveillance equipment. The Chinese Government is using every avenue at its disposal to target the United States, including expanding the role of Chinese companies in the U.S. domestic communications and public safety sectors. This provision takes a necessary step to protect the U.S. government from significant vulnerabilities. These are just a few of the examples of hundreds of provisions included in this bill that invest in our troops and combat attempts by our adversaries to undermine and threaten the United States. Once again, I would like to thank Chairman THORNBERRY for his leadership. This is the earliest that we have voted on the NDAA conference report in decades, and I strongly believe it is because of Chairman THORNBERRY ’s dedication to our military. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). I note she is retiring from 
Congress this year, and I really appreciate her tremendous service on the Armed Services Committee and to this body. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member SMITH for his always knowledgeable and articulate leadership. I have appreciated it very much as I have served on this committee. Mr. Speaker, it has been my privilege to serve as the ranking member of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee, alongside my colleague and friend, Chairman MIKETURNER of Ohio. I, once again, thank Mr. TURNER for the spirit of bipartisanship and collegiality he has shown over the years on this subcommittee and on the many other issues on which we have worked closely, including addressing the scourge of sexual assault in the military. Among many important provisions, this year’s bill includes measures aimed at providing increased oversight over key naval aircraft and makes crucial investments in research and development aimed at better protecting the men and women we send into harm’s way. This is the last NDAA that I will have the privilege of helping craft. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to serve on the House Armed Services Committee for the last 11 years, a committee that has such a proud tradition of bipartisan cooperation and, as such, is a model for the country during these challenging times. I commend the committee, under the leadership of Chairman THORNBERRY  and Ranking Member SMITH, and the many members of the professional staff for their work in managing such an important and complex piece of legislation in such a timely manner. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the conference report, so aptly named for the heroic Senator JOHNMCCAIN. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan bill and the accompanying conference report for the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act. As the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am proud of our oversight and legislative initiatives this year, which have included: Strengthening our cyber warfare capabilities and policies. Energizing our science and technology enterprise. Enabling our special operations forces around the globe. Providing resources and authorities to counterterrorism and unconventional warfare threats. And advancing programs and activities that counter the spread of weapons of mass destruction. The bill before the House incorporates three broad subcommittee themes: First, this bill takes seriously the cyber threats from our adversaries towards this Nation, which is why the bill strengthens our wholeofgovernment cybersecurity posture by improving coordination and partnering between the DOD and DHS to prevent and respond to cyberattacks against our critical infrastructure. It also affirms and clarifies cyberspace, cyber warfare, and cyber deterrence policy to combat malicious cyber activities from adversaries like China, Russia, and North Korea, who are targeting the United States. We also require the DOD to provide congressional notification of cybersecurity breaches and the loss of controlled information from cleared defense contractors. Second, we build upon previous NDAAs by advancing prototyping and testing of directedenergy weapons and hypersonic vehicles and by accelerating these technologies by authorizing an additional $285 million. Third, the bill places emphasis on policy and programs to advance AI, machine learning, quantum sciences, and other critical national security technologies. We also establish a National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence to conduct a thorough review of the wideranging military applications of this decisive technology. Additionally, this bill authorizes the largest pay raise for our troops in 9 years. It helps improve employment opportunities for military spouses and increases transparency in the military healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill and vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH and the professional and personal staff for all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, this year’s NDAA is multifaceted, and it is complex. It contains many good things for our servicemembers, but it also contains areas of concern. I support this year’s NDAA’s new reforms designed to restore the readiness, capability, and capacity of a force that has been asked to do too much with too little. The conference report contains a number of policy items focused on servicemembers’ quality of life in a wide range of areas, including healthcare for disabled veterans, care for servicemembers’ children, mental health services, sexual assault prevention, maternity leave, and retention of women in the military. This bill also contains language acknowledging the critical role women play in the security of their country. It contains provisions ensuring that Afghan and Syrian women are not overlooked as a critical component in conflict resolution. I would also like to reiterate an area of concern. Developing new lowyield nuclear weapons when we currently have more nuclear weapons than we can ever possibly use is not just a waste of money; it also lowers the threshold required before a nuclear conflict begins. A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weapon, no matter what its size. Any nuclear use would fundamentally change the rules of the game. We do not follow the dangerous and reckless Russian doctrine of escalate to deescalate. We shouldn’t mirror their reckless strategy. What do we hope to gain strategically by proliferating low yield weapons? Mr. Speaker, this is a strong bipartisan bill which will help our Nation protect itself in a changing world. I recommend a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), a distinguished subcommittee chair from the Committee on Financial Services. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of major reforms included in the National Defense Authorization Act conference report regarding the Committee on Foreign Investments in the United States and export controls. I thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for his excellent leadership in addressing the readiness crisis and giving our men and women in uniform the tools they need to defend our freedoms. The House Financial Services Committee held four hearings on CFIUS reform, inviting a diverse set of witnesses that ranged from government officials who currently serve on CFIUS to members of the defense, intelligence, and business communities. We also held numerous briefings and meetings with experts, equally diverse as those who testified before the committee, on the threat that China and other adversaries pose to the national security of the United States. In the end, I am pleased to see we have a bipartisan, bicameral product that reflects the work and views of these experts. Specifically, these critical reforms counteract the surge in malign foreign investment from China that threatens our national security by enhancing the review process of transactions where our enemies could steal technologies and infrastructure critical to the defense of our country. The gaps that we have closed in security that China and other adversaries have circumvented from CFIUS review include noncontrolling investments, joint ventures, and acquisition of real estate near sensitive military sites. At the same time, these reforms ensure that America’s doors remain open to benign foreign direct investment that in 2016 added $894 billion to the value of the U.S. economy and that support 6.8 million workers today in this country. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman PITTENGER , Senator C ORNYN , Congressman HECK, Chairman H ENSARLING , Chairman T HORNBERRY , 
Chairman C RAPO , Ranking Member WATERS , and House and Senate leadership for their dedication to getting these muchneeded reforms done in a bipartisan way. And I encourage my colleagues to support the underlying bill, the NDAA conference report. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ). Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for the conference report for the National Defense Authorization Act of 2019. This bipartisan piece of legislation is crucial for our Nation’s armed services, and it is an honor and privilege to be selected again to serve as a conferee. b1115 We have over 15 major military installations in Texas, and NDAA funds key defense and scientific research industries throughout the State, and especially for the constituents that I serve in the DallasFort Worth metroplex. This bill ensures our military is supported with the research they need to complete their missions and face the national security challenges at home and abroad. This is a crucial time for Democrats and Republicans to find ways to work together for solutions that will ensure the safety of the United States and our allies—now, really, more so today than ever before. This bill will make great strides in achieving that mission. This bill provides the highest pay increase for our troops in a decade, funds innovation in emerging technologies that will increase aviation readiness, and requires the DOD establish a pilot program to maximize opioid safety in the military health system by monitoring controlled substances for servicemembers. It is also a great point of pride in Texas that we supply some of the best military and defense readiness equipment for our armed services. Many of the Nation’s F–35 Joint Strike Fighters are built in Fort Worth, and Lockheed Martin is one of the metroplex’s largest employers. I will continue to fight tirelessly for additional funding for F– 35s to ensure that our Armed Forces have the most advanced jet fighters in the world. Democrats have also succeeded in taking out funding for the wall, which I think was very important in this bill. I was disappointed about taxpayer dollars being spent to fund a very extravagant military parade that I don’t think that we need. I think it shows authoritarianism. However, this bill funding makes great progress in improving our military readiness and continues to demonstrate America’s resilience and strength. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), a leader on CFIUS reform. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his exemplary leadership on behalf of our military and in defense of our country. We are deeply grateful for him. Mr. Speaker, I say today how pleased and grateful I am that our Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act is being included in the NDAA bill. To that end, I thank Chairman HENSARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS , Heath Tarbert with the Treasury Department, Clark Fonda, my chief, so many people, ANDYBARR, who contributed to this process to make sure that we are in a position of strength. For over 2 years, I have led these efforts to prevent Chinese and other adversarial nationstates from acquiring our sophisticated technology in our military. This bill, this Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act, was the result of countless meetings throughout our assembly, as well as throughout this district, of talking to multiple people in the industry, as well as our intelligence community and defense, to make sure that we had done the job to allow adequate oversight for these investments. FIRRMA will broaden the jurisdiction of CFIUS in several key areas, including minority noncontrolling investments and certain real estate transactions close to national security sites. FIRRMA strengthens our export control laws and creates an interagency review to cover overseas joint ventures. Overall, this bill closes several key loopholes in the CFIUS process. Today, I do believe that the passage of the NDAA and FIRRMA legislation will help improve national security and combat aggressive Chinese efforts to secure our technology. I thank all who participated in this process, and I commend this bill to our Congress to pass. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ), who is a member of the Armed Services Committee and also served on the conference committee this term. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, as a former DOD employee, I know our men and women in uniform must have the authorities and resources to get the job done. They must be well equipped in order to deter and defeat adversaries. That is why I strongly urge my colleagues to pass the National Defense Authorization Act. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member SMITH for their leadership on this bipartisan bill. As a member of the Armed Services Committee and of the conference committee that reconciled the House and Senate versions of the bill, I am honored to have played a role in crafting this final product. We must fight for our servicemembers as hard as they have fought for us. We must give them the tools they need to succeed not only on the battlefield, but also once they leave the service. Our military produces remarkably talented and welltrained individuals, but too many of these warriors struggle to transition to the civilian world. That is why I am so pleased that the core of my bill, the BATTLE for Servicemembers Act, was included in the NDAA. This provision improves DOD’s Transition Assistance Program, which helps departing servicemembers prepare for life after the military. Specifically, my provision ensures departing servicemembers take a specialized 2day course to prepare them to attend college, learn a trade, or start a small business. These targeted courses are optional under current law, and, as a result, few servicemembers can take advantage of them. I am hopeful my provision will lead to increased participation in these courses so that more men and women in our military will be prepared to make a successful transition to civilian life. I am also proud the NDAA includes the full text of my bill to modernize SBA’s microloan program, which provides smalldollar loans to aspiring and existing entrepreneurs, including veteran entrepreneurs. I urge my colleagues on both sides to support this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I inform the Chair that at this point I have no additional speakers other than myself to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this bill. I am pleased that this bill is being named after Senator MCCAIN. It has been my privilege to work with him in one particular area: dealing with the people who worked with us in Afghanistan and Iraq on special immigrant visas. Along with the late Senator Kennedy, over the last 10 years, we worked to try and help these people who put their lives on the line to help our forces as guides, as interpreters, who are now being left to the tender mercies of people with long memories, like the Taliban and alQaida. Their lives are at risk, as are their family members’. We still have 17,000 applicants who want to have these visas to come to the United States to safety. I am disappointed that we have been unable to have the funding for additional visa allocations. I appreciate that due to an accounting convention, this would be at the expense of other important things that are being fought for. But I would hope that we are able to focus on what the costs would have been to us if we didn’t have those people helping us in Afghanistan and Iraq. It would have been far more expensive. And like you, I have met with people whose lives were saved because they put themselves at risk, and we are leaving them behind. My friend, Kirk Johnson, wrote a book: ‘‘To Be a Friend Is Fatal: The 
Fight to Save the Iraqis America Left Behind.’’ And for these people, being a friend of the United States is fatal. Their lives are at risk every day. I hope, as this process goes forward, we can either deal with the accounting convention or try and find some money to rescue these people. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oregon for his comments because this is an issue we wrestle with in conference committee every year. We should be getting visas to those people who helped us out. For some reason, it is a mandatory score in terms of what it costs; and as I mentioned on the other issue, we struggle to find mandatory money. But rest assured, this is a priority that we will continue to fight for because I know how important this issue is, and I thank the gentleman for raising that. On the bill itself, let me say I intend to support the defense bill. I haven’t always supported the defense bill. It is part of a collaborative process. We worked together and tried to generate a good piece of legislation, and I think, on balance, we did that this year. Number one, when you start with the topline number, the budget agreement that we got earlier this year for FY18 and FY19 helped a great deal because it put in place clear topline numbers for defense and for the rest of discretionary spending. And that has been the battle. Let me just say clearly that ever since the Budget Control Act was passed in 2011—and I know they have reasons for why that was passed—the military and the rest of our discretionary budget has had to live under, I think it is, three or four government shutdowns, multiple threatened government shutdowns, continuing resolutions, and, in general, complete uncertainty on how much money they were going to have from one month to the next. This is a horrible way to run the government. We need to come up with a fiscal policy that sets clearly what we are going to spend on discretionary spending and gets it done as close to October 1 as possible. This has a devastating impact on our military’s ability to be prepared to defend this Nation, to be prepared to fight the fights that we ask them to fight. It is worth noting, it also has a devastating impact on all other aspects of the discretionary budget: on infrastructure, education, just to name a couple. So getting back to regular order on fiscal policy is enormously important. I will also note—and I chose not to belabor the point this year, though I have talked about it in the past—that the Budget Control Act alone is not the problem. We do need to get rid of the Budget Control Act because it is a terrible way to budget and govern, but even once we do that, we still have a $22 trillion debt. We just passed another massive tax cut, and when you project out where our budget is going to be, we are looking at trilliondollar deficits for as far as the eye can see and the largest debt that we have ever had as a nation, even as a percentage of GDP. The most important thing that we can do to give a guarantee of predictability to the men and women who serve in the military is to address the fiscal issues that we face as a nation. If we honestly address those issues, we are going to have a devil of a time paying for everything in the military that I know some on this floor would like. So we need to get to a consistent fiscal policy if we are going to have the dependability that I know the chairman wants, that I know everybody in this committee wants going forward; and if we don’t do that, that uncertainty is going to continue going forward. Let me just say that to get the proper fiscal policy is going to require us to honestly assess the problems we face. And I will say just one more quick word about that before returning back to the bill. Earlier this year, or earlier this session, we passed, as I mentioned, a significant tax cut. We passed a significant increase in spending. I think the tax cut was roughly $2 trillion. The increase in spending was $500 billion. And then the very next week, we put on the floor a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. There were 134 Members of this body who voted for the tax cut, for the spending increase, and for the constitutional amendment to balance the budget. That doesn’t make any sense. That doesn’t add up. That is pure politics because, by and large, people want to see their taxes cut and they want to see their favorite programs increased and they would like to have a balanced budget. So we tried to do all three and wind up in a horribly inconsistent position. I would urge all of us to continue to work to get to some fiscal policy that makes sense because the result of a fiscal policy that doesn’t add up is budgetary uncertainty for the discretionary budget, the largest portion of which is the Department of Defense. This bill does the very important job of setting defense policy for this country, and most important in all of that is it makes sure that the men and women who fight and serve in our military have the training and the equipment they need to carry out the missions that we give them. Now, again, going forward, we have big challenges. We have never faced a more complex threat environment. We face Russia and China and Iran and North Korea and terrorist organizations spread out all over the globe. It is incredibly complicated and difficult, and it is going to be very expensive, unless we make some smart choices. So we are going to have a tough time meeting the budgetary requirements that we have, no matter what. But in this bill, I think we addressed all those issues, and I think we addressed them very well and in a bipartisan fashion. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we do work with our allies to confront the challenges in Russia and China, which are critically important to us going forward. We also, thanks to the chairman’s leadership, continue our effort at acquisition reform, because one thing is for sure: Given the budget reality that I just described, no matter what, we are going to need to make sure that every dollar we spend at the Pentagon is well spent. Acquisition reform is one of the keys to getting us to that point, to more efficiently spending our money. I want to close by thanking the chairman, thanking Senator MCCAIN, Senator INHOFE , who was also a big part of the process this year, and Senator REED, and all the members of the Armed Services Committee and their staff. Once again, I want to reiterate, in this committee, we do legislation the way it is supposed to be done: bipartisan and under regular order. This place can work. The legislative process can work. We had a very long markup in the Armed Services Committee in which we considered a lot of issues, debated them, had votes, then we went to the floor, then we went to conference committee, and we produced what I think is an excellent product for the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the conference report and again thank the chairman for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1130 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my appreciation to all of the Members who came to speak on the conference report today. Yet, I have the feeling we have only begun to scratch the surface of all of the issues that are addressed in this bill. Mr. Speaker, this is a big bill. It is about 1,800 pages big. About 200 pages of that is the CFIUS reform, led by the Financial Services Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, but there is a lot that is in this bill. The distinguished ranking member just talked a bit about reform. This bill eliminates a number of requirements that Congress had put on the Department of Defense in previous years. It streamlines some decisionmaking. It begins to put in some sort of comprehensible order all of the laws related to acquisition. It requires that there be savings of overhead expenses of a number of DOD agencies that have 
not been addressed before. I could go on and on. There was a Secretary of Defense who wrote a book a few years ago, who complained about this bill, who said that it is too much that Congress is doing to tell us what to do. Yet, I would remind all of us, Mr. Speaker, that the Constitution puts that exact responsibility on our shoulders. It says that it is Congress’ job to raise and support, provide and maintain, and make the rules and regulations for military forces of the United States. This is the bill by which we carry out that responsibility. It is our job to do it. And this bill is the product, as you have heard, of Members of both sides of the aisle throughout the process. There have been, approximately, 1,005 amendments that have been proposed at some point in this process: subcommittee, full committee, floor consideration, and then on to conference. About an equal number of them were Republicans and Democrats. We have come together, as we have for each of the past 57 years, to exercise our constitutional responsibilities on behalf of the men and women who risk their lives to protect us. I would certainly join with the ranking member and other Members, who have said: Now, in order to get the full benefit of this, we need to have an appropriations bill that matches, on time, before the end of the fiscal year. Mr. Speaker, over the course of this debate today, you have heard a lot of thanks. It is appropriate because, obviously, it takes a lot of work, by a lot of people, to put together an 1,800page bill and try to think through the consequences of what it means for us, what it means for our servicemembers, and what it means for our allies around the world. It truly is a team effort, a bipartisan team effort. And I believe the reason that is so, the reason it has passed every year, and has been signed into law every year for the past 57 years, is because of the men and women, of whom we are so proud, who risk their lives to protect us and our freedom. They continue to be at the forefront of our thoughts. It is on their behalf, and for their benefit, that we bring this conference report, urge its adoption, and appreciate their service to the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the Conference Report on the National Defense Authorization Act for 2019. I support the NDAA legislation and will vote for its adoption on the House Floor today, but I have serious reservations about how the Speaker’s protocol on outside conferees was implemented for the conference on this bill. As a response to this problem, I chose not to sign the conference report. The Speaker’s protocol is not new, but it has become increasingly problematic for the Foreign Affairs Committee, on which I serve as the Ranking Member. Every year, the NDAA includes more than a hundred provisions that affect the jurisdiction of our committee. I take our responsibilities to review and negotiate these provisions extremely seriously. Unfortunately, under the Speaker’s protocol, we are not appointed as outside conferees on provisions the Speaker or parliamentarians consider to be minor. I understand the motivation behind this protocol. The conference process has to operate efficiently. However, many provisions that are deemed minor under the protocol are in fact far from minor. They extend major programs or mandate congressional oversight of critical issues. The Foreign Affairs Committee brings an important perspective that is distinct from the perspective of the Armed Services Committee, and we should have a formal role in all provisions under our jurisdiction. If the committee of jurisdiction on foreign policy matters is not allowed to have conferees on important areas of the bill, then our only alternative is to claim sequential jurisdiction over the committeereported NDAA and act on it prior to House consideration. I want to thank Ranking Member SMITH, and his staff, for working closely with us during the conference this year. They included us fully in the process, and we are deeply grateful for this cooperation. But we need to ensure we are not just consulted, but also named as outside conferees on the entire range of provisions that fall into our jurisdiction. I strongly support the goals of the National Defense Authorization Act, and I look forward to working with the Speaker and the Office of the Parliamentarian next year to ensure that the Foreign Affairs Committee is a full participant. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against the Conference Report for H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year (FY) 2019. The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support, including giving servicemen and women a welldeserved raise of 2.6 percent. Those who serve in uniform have made extraordinary sacrifices for our country and have earned and deserve a pay raise. It also includes $6.3 billion, the largest amount ever, for the European Deterrence Initiative to help protect Eastern Europe from further Russian aggression. Despite these important initiatives, I have strong concerns with a number of provisions included in the Conference Report. This legislation authorizes more than $708 billion, including $69 billion to the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon. Unlike every other federal agency, the Department of Defense (DOD) has yet to complete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how the biggest bureaucracy in the federal government spends their money. In fact, a shocking report released in December 2016 exposed $125 billion in waste that the Pentagon tried to hide from the public. I refuse to support increased bureaucratic waste at the expense of American taxpayers and our men and women in uniform. A more accountable and transparent department would ensure taxpayer dollars are directed towards the needs of our troops and the benefits they deserve, rather than buying unnecessary weapon systems and giving the president a blank check to fund wars Congress hasn’t authorized. I have always advocated for maintaining Congress’s constitutionallyconfirmed prerogative to declare war under the War Powers Act and limiting the President’s authority to engage in armed conflict without the consent of Congress. I strongly oppose the NDAA’s continued authorization of spending for wars that are not congressionally approved. The Pentagon uses the 2001 Authorization of Use of Military Force (AUMF) to continue to justify the 17 years our troops have been fighting in the Middle East. President Trump has sent troops to Syria, Yemen, and elsewhere without seeking a new AUMF, a violation of the War Powers Act. Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The prison at Guantanamo Bay has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relationships with our allies, undermined U.S. missions abroad, and put U.S. citizens and our troops at risk of retaliation. Congress can make responsible cuts to our defense budget without jeopardizing the safety of our troops or undermining our national security. Fiscal responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon would allow for funds to be better spent supporting the basic needs of our troops, meeting our obligations to veterans of past wars, and ensuring our true defense needs are prioritized. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I wish to thank Chairman THORN BERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, Chairman MCCAIN, Senator I NHOFE , and Ranking Member REED for their leadership throughout the conferencing of this bill. The bill contains a number of significant policy and funding initiatives that continue our commitment to maintaining military personnel and family readiness. To that end, this bill: Increases end strength across the Services and reserve components allowing the military services to increase mission readiness while reducing strain on service members and their families; Extends pay and bonuses for service members in high demand fields, providing the military services with necessary tools to attract and retain critical talent; Improves the Transition Assistance Program to ensure that service members who are leaving the military receive training and resources tailored to their postmilitary career plans; Requires a comprehensive review of wounded warrior care and mental health care services, ensuring the highest possible quality of care to those who have sacrificed for our nation; The bill also continues to provide oversight of critical issues, including additional protections for victims of sexual harassment, improvements to the Department of Defense’s process for reporting crimes to the FBI database, and the establishment of a Department of Defense prescription drug monitoring program to share information with state drug monitoring programs. In conclusion, I want to thank my fellow conferees for their contributions to this truly bi partisan conference report, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 2019 National Defense 
Authorization Act due to its importance to our national security. However, I do have significant concern over a last minute change to the bill that stripped funding for an important recapitalization program for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS). When the House passed this legislation, in a very bipartisan manner, it included $623 million to continue the JSTARS Recapitalization program. This program was aimed to continue a vital combat capability for our ground forces as a battle management command and control asset. However, during the conference these funds were eliminated from the bill. Although this legislation provides for significant improvement to our national security, including pay raises for servicemembers, modernization efforts for equipment, cybersecurity enhancements, and many benefits for our military families, amongst other notable improvements, the absence of this capability is worrisome. The 116th Air Control Wing based at Robins Air Force Base, the ‘‘Eyes of the Night,’’ executes the JSTARs mission, and has been doing so continuously since 9/11. Our combatant commanders rely heavily on JSTARS, and for nearly 20 years, this capability has been consistently utilized in support of our ground forces. Although I am pleased with the recent announcement that the Air Force will be making Robins Air Force Base the home for the Advanced BattleManagement System (ABMS), this capability is years off. Stripping funding for recapitalization will put current combat control capabilities at risk, potentially for over a decade. JSTARS is of significant importance to our ground forces and this decision will have significant repercussions. To reiterate, this bill does ensure we are completing our Constitutional responsibility to ‘‘Raise an Army.’’ However, I will continue to act with my oversight capabilities to ensure JSTARS remains available to our combat soldiers until the Air Force employs a solution that can be employed for our servicemembers whom desperately need this capability. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the conference report to H.R. 5515, which is the 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. This bill authorizes more than $708 billion in defense spending. Yet we know that there is at least $150 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse currently over at the Pentagon. Now we are giving them more money. Shame on us. This is an already outofcontrol, bloated Pentagon budget. Mr. Speaker, it would also increase funding to $69 billion for wars that Congress has never debated or voted on. Once again, my Republican colleagues have used offthe books spending gimmicks to further expand the bloated Pentagon budget. Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. Instead of writing blank checks to the Pentagon, Congress needs to live up to its constitutional obligation to debate matters of war and peace. I offered an amendment to sunset the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force after 8 months of enactment during the regular debate of this bill. Congress would have 8 months to debate and vote on a new AUMF before the repeal. Eight months is plenty of time. Mr. Speaker, we passed the 2001 AUMF within 3 days, mind you. Unfortunately, Republicans refused to allow my bipartisan amendment on the Floor. When in the world will this body have the backbone to debate the costs and consequences of these wars? Our brave troops deserve better. We need to do our job. I am pleased, though, that some of my amendments—which are very important amendments—were included in the conference report. They include clarifying that nothing in this bill can be construed as authorizing force against North Korea—that is the use of military force. Also, we included reporting requirements for auditing the Pentagon. We need the Pentagon audited so that taxpayers will really begin to know where their hardearned tax dollars are going and what weapons systems they are contributing to in terms of the building of weapons systems which probably will never be used, a report and update on the United StatesKabul compact, and also overseas contingency operations reporting requirements. Can you believe we are spending all this money on a slush fund through OCO, and we don’t know what is going on with that account? The underlying bill is still a disgrace. In conclusion, I just want to reiterate that authorizing wars with no end, no debate, and no vote is unconstitutional, and it is wrong. I call on Speaker RYANto bring forth an authorization because every step of the way, we are trying in a bipartisan fashion to do this, and it is the Speaker’s call. He should do that so that we can debate and vote up or down on these wars. So, this final bill should not be passed just based on the amount of money that we are giving to the Pentagon to do more than ensure our national security and fight terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I urge a no vote and reject this shameful bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1027, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the conference report. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 359, nays 54, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Buck Capuano Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Duncan (TN) Eshoo Espaillat Gabbard Gomez Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Lee Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Pocan Polis Raskin Rush Schakowsky Serrano Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Ellison Gohmert Hanabusa Jones Labrador Marino Rokita Speier Walz 
b1210 Ms. FUDGE changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the conference report was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 4645. An act to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GIANFORTE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 134 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 134, the Home Foreclosure Reduction Act, a bill originally introduced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. FAIR TRADE (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that, for too long, many countries have taken advantage of our country’s patience and open trade practices. Our country must achieve fair trade. I understand and support going after bad actors like China, who engage in notoriously unfair trade practices and steal intellectual property. It appears progress is being made with the European Union with yesterday’s announcement. While achieving this, we need to protect our domestic industries and producers. I have heard concerns from farmers and manufacturers back home in Michigan who are being threatened by retaliatory tariffs from our trading partners. Growth for American agriculture lies in export markets. Domestic manufacturers often have complex supply chains, and sometimes imported materials are their only option. My constituents support holding unfair trading partners accountable. They just ask for support and protection while we achieve fair trade for all Americans. f 
b1215 REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF AIR FORCE STAFF SERGEANT JAMES GROTJAN (Mr. COURTNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of one of our Nation’s brave servicemembers, Air Force Staff Sergeant James Grotjan, who lost his life in an accident while in the line of duty in the United Arab Emirates earlier this month. His untimely passing while supporting our Nation’s mission to defeat ISIS in Iraq and Syria is a reminder of the risks our brave servicemen and women place themselves in each and every day to protect our country. Staff Sergeant Grotjan, who went by Tyler, followed his father’s footsteps into military service. After graduating from Bacon Academy in Colchester, Connecticut, Tyler joined the Air Force and eventually joined the 4th Civil Engineer Squadron at Johnson Air Force Base in North Carolina. His father recently said that Tyler’s military service made him ‘‘the proudest father on the planet.’’ It takes a special kind of person to join the military. These are the kind people who write a blank check for their life to protect the country, and he was that guy. He absolutely loved the military. This Saturday his family and friends in southeastern Connecticut will pause for a few hours to lay Staff Sergeant Grotjan to rest and reflect on his life of giving. In front of his mother’s house in Waterford there is a sign that reads: ‘‘Fly free with the angels.’’ Mr. Speaker, I know that I join with all of Connecticut and the whole House in offering our thoughts and prayers to Staff Sergeant Grotjan’s wife, Taylor; his mother, Laura; his father, Randy; his seven brothers and sisters; family; and friends, and pray that he will ‘‘fly free with the angels.’’ f 
RECOGNIZING THE 7/20 MEMORIAL FOR THE AURORA THEATRE SHOOTING (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the installation of the 7/20 Memorial in the city of Aurora. This memorial is dedicated to those who lost their lives, the wounded, and the countless families impacted by the theater shooting tragedy. On July 20th, 2012, 13 members of our community were killed and 70 more were injured when a lone gunman senselessly opened fire in a crowded movie theater. This crime devastated our community, the families who lost loved ones, as well as those who suffered lifelong injuries. On July 27, 2018, the city of Aurora is dedicating a memorial designed by the world renown artist, Douwe Blumberg. Mr. Blumberg’s piece is titled: Ascentiate. The sculpture displays 83 cranes outstretched in flight to represent the victims of the shooting. Thirteen clear cranes in the middle of the garden represent those who lost their lives. This memorial is designed to provide comfort for those in need. Let us all remember this tragedy by recognizing the 7/20 Memorial and the memorial foundation for commemorating the victims and their families. 
CELEBRATING THE 28th ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 28th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. In 1990, the bipartisan effort to identify disability rights as civil rights became the foundation for reducing discrimination for the disability community. The enactment the ADA was a groundbreaking acknowledgment that people with disabilities deserve the dignity of full participation and integration into daily life. It eliminated countless physical and societal barriers, and it increased access to education, employment, housing, and transportation. Yet, as we remember this historic day and look back on all that we have accomplished, let us recognize that there is so much more to be done. 
It is up to each and every one of us to promote greater access and inclusion and the opportunity to lead life with dignity so that we can one day realize the full promise of the ADA. Because when we fight for the inclusion and equality of individuals with disabilities, we also fight for a world that is characterized by inclusion and equality for all. 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT (Mr. FORTENBERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, this is very good timing. I want to thank the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) for his thoughtful and important words because I wanted to speak to the same topic. This week, a dedicated group of Nebraskans with disabilities visited my office. And what was their mission? To remind us all here in Washington of the importance of the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the importance of continuing to work toward progress in its implementation. Where did this come from? It was fueled by a chorus of voices many years ago who refused to accept a second class status in our country. And it was driven by a moment in our country when we recognized that we are stronger and more vibrant when we draw on the talents of all people. The ADA enshrined into law the notion that Americans living with disabilities deserve to participate in our society free from discrimination, and have access to integrated, community based services. Mr. Speaker, the ADA helped open up schools and workplaces, stadiums, parks, trolleys, and buses regardless of a person’s disability. It also ensured that healthcare providers offer reasonable accommodations and effective communication for their patients with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, there is still more work to do. 
HONORING BOY SCOUT TROOP 221 (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Boy Scout Troop 221 of Apopka, Florida. They truly exemplify of the Scout values of duty, service, character, leadership, and selfreliance. Last year, they led the Central Florida Council in community service. Together, they volunteered over 4,000 hours of their time. One project was a memorial to the victims of the September 11th attacks created by Eagle Scout Christian Lamphere in honor of the first responders who died in the attacks. Christian wanted his community to know the risks that our first responders take every day. For that project, Christian won the Central Florida Eagle Scout Project of the Year. This week, I had the honor to meet with Troop 221 here in Washington. I am proud of all of our Scouts, thankful for all they do for the community, and I can’t wait to see what they do next. f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ROOT OUT GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION (Mr. HUNTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, imagine living in a country where the Federal Government decides whether you are jailed or set free based on your politics. Well, don’t imagine anymore. It is real and it is happening right here. My colleagues are right to introduce Articles of Impeachment against Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. The Department of Justice is corrupt, answerable to no one, and uses a law to extort the American people and effect political change. Loretta Lynch, James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Rod Rosenstein, Bob Mueller, and countless others in the DOJ and FBI who will never be found out, tried to undermine our last Presidential election and destroy our President, duly elected by the American people. Mr. Speaker, I call on this Congress to root out all of the corrupt lawyers and bureaucrats in the DOJ and FBI so the greatest President of my generation can do the work that the American people duly elected him to do. Over the next 5 weeks, Congress will not be around to watch the President’s back and hold those subversive, partisan officials accountable. For 5 weeks, the lies and coverups and destruction of the President and his family and associates will continue unchallenged. The President needs the support and prayers of the American people now more than ever. I look forward to the day when the American people can trust the institutions created to protect them, instead of fearing the retribution of a rigged, politically driven, and corrupt legal system. 
AMERICAN GROWN FLOWERS MONTH (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I recognize July as American Grown Flowers Month. I am proud to offer this recognition since my district on the central coast of California produces many cut flowers, including $62 million worth in 2016. The cut flower industry doesn’t just offer a product. It provides jobs, investment, and, of course, beauty to our communities. Now, despite changes, trade conditions, and ongoing international uncertainty within the market, this industry survives because those in the cut flower industry, like many of their ancestors who immigrated here, are willing to take risks by pivoting, adjusting, and making sure that their businesses continue to bloom. As cochair of the Congressional Cut Flowers Caucus and as a member of the Agriculture Committee, I am working to ensure that our producers who want to remain or even enter into the industry now not only have the opportunity, but the tools they need to succeed and grow. So I ask you to help this American made industry by supporting investments in research and innovation, for access to accurate industry data at USDA, and to work to ensure an available workforce through immigration reform. Do this so that those American producers can continue to do what they do best: grow flowers, contribute to our community, and bring joy into the lives of all of our constituents. f 
CONGRATULATING LYNETTA USHER GRINER (Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Lynetta Usher Griner, an outstanding community leader and a friend, on being named the 2018 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Ag Expo Florida Farmer of the Year. Lynetta is a timber and beef cattle producer who operates a large, successful agricultural business in north Florida. Her operation is a model for success and sustainability, and she has been recognized on many occasions for her effective natural resource conservation. Lynetta’s businesses have received the Florida Audubon Sustainable Forestry Award, the Florida Farm Bureau’s CARES Award, and the Logger of the Year Award from the Florida Forestry Association. Aside from her dedication to the timber and beef industry, Lynetta is an outstanding community leader. She has served on the Suwannee River Water Management District’s governing board for over 14 years and was named the first female president of the Florida Forestry Association. Additionally, Lynetta regularly advocates for good and effective farm policies at both the local and national levels. It is my greatest honor to represent Floridians like Lynetta in the United States Congress. Her selfless leadership and dedication to her industry and community are admirable. Congratulations again, Ms. Lynetta Usher Griner. 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 28TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, 28 years ago, President George H.W. Bush signed the Americans with Disabilities Act. I was proud to be a lead sponsor of that legislation and to be on hand for the bill signing on this day 28 years ago, together with former Democratic Whip Tony Coelho; Representatives Steve Bartlett and Jim Sensenbrenner; and Senators Tom Harkin, Ted Kennedy, Bob Dole, ORRIN HATCH , and Lowell Weicker. Other individuals present were: President George H.W. Bush; Dave Capozzi; Justin Dart; Yoshiko Dart; Chai Feldblum; Lex Frieden; Boyden Gray (Counsel to President Bush); Anthony Imparato; Arlene Mayerson; Paul Marchand; EDMARKEY ; JOHN MCCAIN; Normal Mineta; Ralph Neas; Katie Neas; Carolyn Ocelinik; Becky Ogle; Lee Page; Liz Savage; Bobby Silverstein (Hatch); Melissa Schulman; Cheryl Sensenbrenner; Bob Williams; John Wodatch, Esq.; and Pat Wright. We worked hard to shepherd that legislation to passage with strong bipartisan support. The ADA has reshaped the landscape of our country for millions of people living with disabilities, and, indeed, for many millions throughout the world. It has done more than build ramps or widen doorways. It has changed perceptions and brought greater understanding, not only to the abilities of those who were previously excluded, but also to the challenges of living with a disability. I am glad we have been able to come together to strengthen the ADA over the years in the same spirit of bipartisanship that we had at its inception. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate this anniversary each year, we rededicate ourselves to the project of protecting the civil rights of Americans with disabilities and expanding opportunity, equality, and access for all of our people. 
TERRITORY VOTING RIGHTS (Ms. BORDALLO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a constitutional amendment that will fix a gross injustice within our democracy and finally provide American citizens living in the territories the right to vote for President and Vice President of the United States. Every American should be alarmed that over 4 million of their fellow citizens are denied the right to have a say in the selection of their President. The people of Guam and other U.S. territories are patriotic Americans who contribute to every aspect of American life. We are Americans by birth, bear U.S. passports, and support and defend the Constitution of the United States— many with their lives. Yet, still Americans who reside in the territories are unable to vote for our President. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce this constitutional amendment so that every American is finally able to cast a vote for President and Vice President, just as the Founding Fathers intended. Casting a ballot for President is a right for all Americans, and this amendment is a step toward our Constitution’s solemn promise to form a more perfect union. f 
b1230 HONORING JOHN MASON ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Mason on his retirement. John was born in 1927 in Madrid, Nebraska, and spent his childhood on a family farm in Nevada before moving to Los Angeles at the age of 22 to fulfill his dream of becoming an artist. He enrolled in the Los Angeles Institute of Art where he collaborated with other artists and visionaries. It was through clay that he first found the tools to realize his vision, and he quickly became an innovator in the field of ceramic sculpting. His creations pushed the limits of what clay could do and forever changed how artists thought about the material’s possibilities. After moving to New York in the 1970s, Mr. Mason expanded his artistic pallet further, working with firebricks and welded steel pieces to construct even more abstract sculptures in his future career. Mr. Mason has been recognized by countless venues around the world. His passion for making art is unmatched throughout the world. His contributions to the field of sculpting and the many young artists he has inspired make me proud to honor John Mason today. 
RECOGNIZING FORMER STATE SENATOR ED ZIPPERER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former Georgia State Senator Ed Zipperer. Senator Zipperer was a dedicated public servant who served coastal Georgia in numerous ways. He was the president of the Chatham County Farm Bureau for 40 years. He also served 8 years in the State Senate representing coastal Georgia. One of his many contributions includes the new State parks he brought to the area. This July in Chatham County, lawmakers named the 204 interchange bridge as the Edward H. Zipperer Bridge, a fitting addition to his legacy because of his work on the assembly’s transportation committee. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to see this great Georgia public servant, Senator Zipperer, get the recognition he deserves. Senator Zipperer, you are a dear friend, a great Georgian, and I am grateful for your service. f 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA STANDS FOR THE RULE OF LAW AND DEMOCRACY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, some Members of this House have embarrassed themselves, our Congress, and our country by bringing a baseless impeachment resolution against Rod Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General of the United States of America. Mr. Rosenstein has done his job lawfully and appropriately according to Hoyle. They want him to release information which, if he does it, will be releasing matters that are classified and confidential and could jeopardize the investigation that Robert Mueller is leading and Mr. Rosenstein is over and harm that investigation. Prosecutors will not release their information of who their witnesses are, where they are going, or whom they have interviewed. They can’t and should not give away sources and methods. To do so would be in dereliction of duty. To file impeachment resolutions is to hurt Mr. Rosenstein, to hurt the investigation, hurt Mr. Mueller, and keep the truth from being known by the American public. If they weren’t concerned about the truth, they wouldn’t be going after the investigator so much. You do that when you can’t deal with the data. I hope when we come back Mr. Mueller is still safe in his job, Mr. Rosenstein is still safe in his job, and the United States of America still stands for the rule of law and democracy. God bless America. 
CONGRESS FOR DUMMIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, despite their united control of Congress, my Republican friends seem to think there is nothing they can do when Donald Trump acts in a matter that is contrary to our laws and our values. Here is what they have been saying: Congressman RYAN COSTELLO : There is nothing we can do to stop the President, let alone this President, from saying what he thinks or what he wants to say. Speaker RYAN on immigration policy: The last thing I want to do is bring a bill out here that I know the President won’t support. Lastly, again, Speaker RYAN: Every morning I wake up in my office and 
scroll through Twitter to see which tweets that I will have to pretend I didn’t see later on. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GALLEGO. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, after reading these quotes, it seems like one thing is pretty clear— our colleagues across the aisle have forgotten how Congress works. Mr. GALLEGO. But, TED, did you know that there are actually concrete steps the majority party can take to exercise its power over the administration and hold it accountable for its actions? Mr. TED LIEU of California. I did know that. It is called congressional oversight authority. Mr. GALLEGO. That is right. When the U.S. Constitution was drafted in 1787, it included checks and balances that allow the legislative branch, us, to oversee the executive branch, the President. It is part of what makes our Nation great. Mr. TED LIEU of California. But Congressman GALLEGO , why haven’t we seen more of these checks and balances in action? Mr. GALLEGO. That is a great question. Maybe our friends in the majority have forgotten how to use their power. Mr. TED LIEU of California. That is why we would like to enter into the RECORD Article I of the United States Constitution. Mr. GALLEGO. Great idea. So, let’s start with a new class that we call Welcome to Congressional Oversight 101 or, as I like to call it, Congress for Dummies. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Okay, so lesson one, Congress can actually pass legislation. Mr. GALLEGO. Isn’t that hard? Mr. TED LIEU of California. No. You just need 218 votes in the House and 51 votes in the Senate. Mr. GALLEGO. What are some of the issues that Congress can pass legislation on, TED? Mr. TED LIEU of California. Almost anything. As Speaker RYANhas stated, he thinks we need legislation to prevent the separation of families, of kids who were ripped away from their parents by the Trump administration. We agree. Democrats have introduced the Keep Families Together Act. That has not gotten a vote, and we think we should have a vote on that bill. In addition, there are numerous pieces of legislation that can make our economy better, that can help our healthcare, make sure that we deal with the opioid crisis, and numerous pieces of legislation such as investing in infrastructure, none of which has gotten a vote so far. Mr. GALLEGO. TED, for example, could we actually be protecting the Special Counsel from being fired by the President? Mr. TED LIEU of California. We could do that, too. There are several pieces of legislation as well that the Republicancontrolled majority will not let us have a vote on. Mr. GALLEGO. I believe there is an actual bill that has been introduced, specifically, that RYAN could actually bring to the floor, to protect the Special Counsel and not just talk about protecting the Special Counsel. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Exactly. It is called the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act, which has both Republican and Democratic support in both the House and the Senate. Mr. GALLEGO. So why hasn’t Speaker RYAN or the Republicans actually passed this bill? Mr. TED LIEU of California. That is a great question. That is why we are here today, to explain to America that the majority is recessing for 5 weeks without completing its work on behalf of the American people. That is shameful. Mr. GALLEGO. We certainly have brought this up, and we will continue to be pushing this bill until it comes to the floor. Let’s move on to lesson 2. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Another thing Congress gets to do is, we get to hold hearings. The Judiciary Committee, on which I sit, has not held a single hearing on any of the issues that are important to Americans. Instead, we have done two hearings on whether groups like Diamond and Silk get enough Facebook likes. We also held a hearing on—are you ready for this? Hillary Clinton’s emails. Mr. GALLEGO. It is important to remember the congressional committee chairman gets to decide what topics they hold hearings on. So are you telling me the Judiciary Committee chairman is more interested in Hillary Clinton’s emails from 2015 or maybe 2016 than currently dealing with attacks on our democracy from Russia, from Putin, or trying to figure out how we have basically abandoned and orphaned 2,600 families at the border? Mr. TED LIEU of California. It sure seems that way. Mr. GALLEGO. So let’s move on. What is the third thing that we could be doing as Congress to actually put the executive in check, TED? Mr. TED LIEU of California. The other thing the Constitution gives us a right to do is to issue subpoenas. Mr. GALLEGO. Subpoenas. What is a subpoena? You are a former Federal prosecutor. Please enlighten us, since somehow this Congress has forgotten that we could do subpoenas. Mr. TED LIEU of California. It is very simple. It is a document that will require a witness to show up before a congressional hearing or to produce documents to congressional investigators. Mr. GALLEGO. I don’t know if you know this, TED, but there is this neat little House rule called House rule XI, clause 2. Have you heard of this? Mr. TED LIEU of California. It sounds a little complicated. Can you explain how it works? Mr. GALLEGO. It is not. It is very simple. This clause allows House committees to issue subpoenas, which are legal documents that force somebody to do something, in this case either testify or give Congress documents. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Ah, so what that means is Congress could actually subpoena the translator who was in the private 2hour meeting between the President and Vladimir Putin of which Americans have no idea what was discussed. Let me give an example of why that is bad for our country. Recently, the Russians attacked a U.S. general. Congressman GALLEGO and I both served on Active Duty in the military, and they are criticizing this U.S. general for allegedly not doing something that was discussed in that private, 2hour meeting. It is certainly possible the U.S. general was wrong. It is also possible the Russians were making stuff up. We have no idea. Congress needs to exercise its proper oversight authority so we understand what is happening between the United States and the Kremlin. Mr. GALLEGO. Or we could do something really crazy and subpoena all the many administration officials and department heads who have gotten rich and richer by exploiting their public offices for private gain. Mr. TED LIEU of California. I agree with you. Why don’t we now move on to our last lesson. Mr. GALLEGO. Lesson number 4, requesting investigations. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Okay. So just to recap, Congress can pass legislation, we can hold hearings, we can issue subpoenas, and now we can request investigations. Mr. GALLEGO. Every committee has jurisdiction over a set of agencies. Those agencies each have something called an inspector general. These officials are responsible for investigating waste, fraud, and abuse at each agency and reporting back to Congress. Mr. TED LIEU of California. So what can Congress do with these inspectors general? Mr. GALLEGO. Well, TED, Congress can actually request an inspector general report. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Ah, so, for example, we request an inspector general to look into Wilbur Ross’s alleged insider trading. We can request an inspector general to look at all their waste, fraud, and abuse of various Cabinet officials in Trump’s Cabinet of corruption where they are spending large amounts of taxpayers’ money on luxury private travel. We could do that, right? Mr. GALLEGO. Exactly. Mr. TED LIEU of California. But, again, let me just remind people that my committee that I sit on, the House Judiciary Committee, actually did exercise that power, and they used that 
power to look into, again, ready for this? Hillary Clinton’s emails. The last time I checked, Hillary Clinton is not President, nor is she running for President. It is another example of the Republicans in this House who are focused on the past. Democrats are focused on the future. We want to reduce healthcare costs, address the opioid epidemic, invest in infrastructure to increase wages, and get corruption out of government. Mr. GALLEGO. So what have we learned today? Unfortunately, we have learned that our Republican colleagues are unwilling or afraid, eitheror, to use their power vested in them by the Constitution on behalf of the American people to keep the executive in check. b1245 Mr. TED LIEU of California. It is really simple. At the end of the day, Congress should not be going on recess before we do the important work on behalf of the American people. Mr. GALLEGO. It is shameful that we are going on recess right now while we know that there are foreign adversaries targeting our elections, targeting our elected officials; we have a President that we cannot get straight answers out of, and this Republicanled Congress refuses to act. So maybe it is time to turn control of this Chamber over to Members who are willing to hold this administration accountable. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to direct all remarks to the Chair and to formally yield and reclaim time when under recognition. 
STATEHOOD FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, as the House recesses, I want to call Members’ attention to something I hope they will consider over the recess, this year’s record attacks in the form of riders or undemocratic additions to the D.C. appropriation and how that makes the best case for statehood for the District of Columbia. I need to report to the House the remarkable progress we are making on D.C. statehood. We are closing in on 100 percent of Democratic House Members as cosponsors of the D.C. statehood bill. In the Senate, where the District has no representation, we have more than half of the Democratic Senators. Before this session is over, we are striving for 100 percent, certainly, of Democrats in the House and even in the Senate as we go over to the Senate to also make the case without having any representation there. That is why I am so grateful to the Senators who have understood the importance of equality for the 700,000—equality of citizenship, I should say—for the 700,000 American citizens who live in the Nation’s Capital. In the face of that good news on statehood, you would think that there would be applause from the Congress, who sits in the home district of the District of Columbia. But recently, there have been a spate of undemocratic riders, that is, attempts to amend the District’s appropriation. What is the District’s appropriation doing here? That is the nub of the problem. It shouldn’t be here. When I first came to Congress, there were actually hearings held on the D.C. appropriation, but I have been able to make sure that that doesn’t happen. Indeed, Congress has no interest in the D.C. appropriation because it is a local budget with funds from only local residents. Not a penny of it is raised in this Congress. To be sure, we are entitled to some funds from the Congress, just like the States. But we are not talking about those funds. We are talking about the local D.C. budget passing through the House and the Senate for no other purpose except to see if somebody in either of those two bodies wants to insert undemocratic amendments, using the DC budget as the vehicle to do it. There are a number of ways to keep that from happening short of statehood, but statehood would be the end of it. I can’t decide anything about New York’s budget because it is New York’s budget and it doesn’t have to come here. In the same way, the local budget for the District of Columbia has no business here. It must be that Members who attempt these additions to our appropriation don’t have enough to show to their own constituents for what they have accomplished during this Congress, so they look around for something to say, ‘‘I passed this.’’ Well, let me be clear. I have been able to keep most of these riders from passing, so I don’t know why they keep trying. But as long as they keep trying, they have got someone standing in the doorway of the House to keep these antidemocratic amendments not approved by the residents of the District of Columbia but having everything to do with the District of Columbia from, indeed, passing. And remember, this Member has a vote in committee, which may be the most important vote any Member can have. That is how I have gotten things accomplished for the District of Columbia. As it turns out, by the time a matter comes to the floor, the deal is done. But I draw your attention to the fact that I do not have the final vote on the House floor, and yet the D.C. budget is voted on the House floor. I do not have a vote on the House floor, although the people I represent are number one, per capita, in Federal taxes paid to support the United States of America. If anybody deserves a vote on this House floor, it is the residents of the District of Columbia who deserve that vote. Here is another reason why the residents of the District of Columbia deserve statehood or, at the very least, a vote in the House of Representatives, the people’s House: The budget of the District of Columbia is larger than the budget of 12 States; the District of Columbia has more residents than two States. Here is the District of Columbia, here is Vermont, and here is Wyoming. Each has two Senators, but not the District of Columbia. Yet the District of Columbia has more residents than Vermont and more residents than Wyoming. You begin to see how the inequality comes up just in population. The District has a budget surplus. It is almost $2 billion. That is the envy of most States, that kind of large surplus, because a surplus means that you are not spending all your money. You are putting money aside, which is what, of course, is encouraged for all the States, but very few States have this kind of surplus. We are not talking about a big poor city. The per capita personal income of the District of Columbia is higher than the per capita income of the residents of any State. Its total personal income is higher than that of seven States. Its per capita personal consumption expenditures are higher than those of any State. Yet, each year, I have to fight abuses of home rule, as we call it, or selfgovernment for the District of Columbia, using the fact that this budget has to pass through here in order for the District of Columbia to use its own budget. Members rush to press what we call riders—I have indicated amendments— to our local budget. There have been about four attempts to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Act. The District passed a Budget Autonomy Act. The House repealed it; the Senate did not. The only quarrel we have with that is, although we have a Budget Autonomy Act, the House and the Senate continue to appropriate the District’s budget after it has already been appropriated by the District of Columbia government. Nothing has ever been so redundant as the congressional appropriation, or shall we call it reappropriation, of the District’s local budget. There is the annual repeal—and I say ‘‘annual repeal’’ because I have been able to keep it from being repealed altogether—of the socalled Death with Dignity Act. This is a controversial piece of legislation, but eight States have this same legislation which allows a doctor to give a pharmaceutical to somebody who asks for it, has 6 months to live and is in great pain. 
It is interesting to note that in the District of Columbia and in the States that have the socalled Death with Dignity Act, most people who have this pharmaceutical that allows them to end their own lives do not use it. Obviously, they are only looking for a peaceful way to die, and most of them decide to die without taking their own lives. If such a law exists in eight States, there is no reason why it shouldn’t also exist in the District of Columbia. I have been able to keep that law from being repealed, and I will do it again. There is a third bill that, again, is annually repealed. It is called the Reproductive Health Nondiscrimination Act. Why would anybody want to repeal an act that simply says to an employer that you cannot penalize an employee for the form of birth control that an employee uses? In the first place, most employers shouldn’t even know that private information. The District passed such a law, the House repeals it, and I am able to keep it from being repealed in the final bill every single time. But it gives some sense of how Members scramble for bills they don’t want in their districts, but since it was passed in mine and since they can abuse their own congressional power, they simply decide to do so. They have not been able to repeal it, but I believe, if the polls are correct, the Democrats will recapture the House, and then I believe I will be able to dispose of these issues as well. Again, these are controversial, but other States have these same laws. There is a perennial amendment to keep the District from spending its own local funds on abortions for poor women. Seventeen States do that, no Federal funds. What other States are doing, the District should be able to do for our American citizens. Another, of course, is recreational marijuana. This is another matter that has been passed by almost 9 States and DC. Essentially, these States legalized small amounts of marijuana. In the District, it is 2 ounces. b1300 The House stumbled to try to repeal the District’s marijuana law. It was unsuccessful, so the District still has legal marijuana up to 2 ounces. However, it can’t regulate marijuana, and it can’t monetize it. If you go to the States that have legal marijuana, they sell it, they tax it. There is no reason why the District of Columbia shouldn’t be able to do the same thing. This year, there are some additional riders. Representative GARYPALMER , a Republican from Alabama, needs to mind his own business. Instead, he has filed amendments to keep the District from using its local funds to pass something that you would think would not even come to his attention. It is an initiative that would raise the minimum wage so that everybody in the District of Columbia earns the same minimum wage and so that socalled tipped workers do not live on tips alone but on a basic wage in addition to whatever tips they get. The industry doesn’t like this, but if you are a tipped worker, you may well like it. Actually, it didn’t pass overwhelmingly, but it passed in the District. The District Council does have the right to overturn a referendum or an initiative. It may overturn this on its own, but here comes Congress rushing in to overturn the Tip Minimum Wage Act. I had to chuckle at another amendment that was filed, I think also by Mr. PALMER , who definitely needs more work to do because he keeps meddling in our business. This rider goes after the District’s bill that mandates health insurance. What this is about is Republican Members smarting at the notion that they have not been able to overturn the Affordable Care Act. They have not been able to do that here either. It turns out that the Affordable Care Act is, I believe, the most popular piece of recent legislation on the books today. It has gotten more and more popular the more the House and the Senate have tried to cripple it. Local jurisdictions have their own version, and the District says, yes, you must have health insurance. Why do they say people must have health insurance? Why did the Affordable Care Act say that? It is the basic law of insurance. If you spread the risk and spread the cost, then, of course, everybody’s insurance costs less. So it is the ABCs of insurance. That is why you have jurisdictions continuing to mandate what the Affordable Care Act did. It is interesting to note that the Senate is not going home for the August recess, and the reason it is not going home is it is trying to get through a new addition to the Supreme Court. By the way, that proposed member is Brett Kavanaugh, who happens to sit on the District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals. As it turns out, the Democrats in the Senate have one upped this decision to stay for the August recess because the Democrats are using that time to speak and to press the Affordable Care Act, which is so popular and will help them, I am sure, in the November elections. Madam Speaker, may I ask what my remaining time is. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. HANDEL ). The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 32 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, it doesn’t stop in the House. It goes over to the Senate. But one of the reasons I have been able to get these antidemocratic riders off is that the Senate has helped me even though the Senate is controlled by Republicans, not Democrats. And the reason I think the Senate has been more open is that, unlike the polarized House—and, sure, the Senate is polarized as well—the Senate, by its very nature, represents a broader crosssection of the American people and, thus, represent Republicans and Democrats and has to think about how far it wants to go with making itself a target by trying to overturn somebody else’s legislation. So we are able to get most of these antidemocratic riders off there. I note that Senator TEDCRUZ also needs to devote more attention to his own constituents from Texas because, in the Senate, he is trying to do what Representative PALMER is doing: to get rid of the District’s healthcare mandate. Again, Senator CRUZ represents a large State. He is not doing his best for them as long as he is meddling in the business of another city, another jurisdiction, the District of Columbia. It is the height of hypocrisy for Republicans to spend so much time trying to overturn the laws of the District of Columbia because local control is a core belief of Republicans in the House and the Senate. We are going to hold them to that core belief when it comes to matters affecting the District of Columbia. Meddling in the business of the District of Columbia can and has cost the District of Columbia actual dollars. The District of Columbia just had another bond market report and an upgrade of its rating by one of them to AAA. Yet one of the bond markets, Standard & Poor’s, said: ‘‘[W]e continue to have concerns about the role of the federal government in future District budgets. We view this as an ongoing . . . factor that has a negative effect on the District’s finances and as a slight offset to the District’s otherwise very strong management practices . . .’’ What S&P is saying is, essentially, there is an unknown here. There is an actor. It is the Congress of the United States meddling in the business of the District of Columbia. So it is hard to judge the District of Columbia as long as somebody can come from left or right field and try to change parts of its business. Essentially, what you have is S&P and other bond markets calling for Congress to let the District be the District so it can be judged by what the District alone does. Look at what they say when the bond markets look at what the District alone does. Look at what the bond markets say. Let’s look at Moody’s, who has just given the District a AAA rating, given its bonds a AAA rating: ‘‘The dynamism of the District’s economy has led to the largest population in 40 years and strong growth in the tax base. Financial governance is exemplary. Reserves are robust . . .’’ I want to ask Members of this body how many of you have had reports like that on your own jurisdiction. Moody’s goes on to say: ‘‘The District of Columbia, the nation’s capital, is 
small but wealthy. Its population would rank 48th among States . . .’’ That is what you see with this graph. [B]ut its per capita income is higher. I repeat, the District’s ‘‘per capita income is higher than all 50 States, and its GDP is greater than 17 States.’’ What more do you want from the District of Columbia when you get that kind of objective report on its finances? The fact is that only eight big cities—the District of Columbia and seven others—have AAA bond ratings. Only 22 of the States have AAA bond ratings. Again, I repeat, what more do you want from us when we have excelled, outdone the great cities of the United States, outdone most of the States in our fiscal prudence? Such an outsized performance, if anything, should encourage the Congress to, at the very least, recognize the District’s budget autonomy law. Here I am not talking about statehood. I am talking about the District’s budget, having it stay in the District, go into effect immediately and not come as a passthrough to this body, because, by coming here, it gets harmed. It adds costs to the budget because of the uncertainty of having another actor, the federal government, who could do anything to your local budget. The bond markets have made the best case for recognizing the District’s budget autonomy law, instead of another passage of the appropriation after the District has already passed it and getting our budget here only to see if Members can attach undemocratic amendments, and get them passed that way. The fact is, if there were budget autonomy—here, I am not talking about statehood, but only the budget of the District, like the budget of every other city and State—and the budget didn’t come to the Congress—if the District had that, it would lower our taxes even more, and the District would need even less in Federal funds. I have already gotten the rating agencies to credit a provision I got in the budget keeping the District from being shut down if the Federal Government shuts down. That is what I said: shut down. The Congress often acts like a child. Sometimes they disagree with the President; sometimes they disagree among themselves; and the whole darn thing just closes down, leaving everybody out there on his own with no budget; and then the House and the Senate go at one another until they finally get something done. I have annually gotten into the D.C. appropriation a provision exempting the District from the threat of the shutdown. So here is the irony: If the Federal Government shuts down or if doesn’t pass a budget on time, the District’s budget goes into effect; and it goes into effect at next year’s budget levels, while with the Federal Government, the most that will happen is that it will stay open on the prior year’s budget. We are grateful that the bond markets have recognized the District as one of the most fiscally responsible jurisdictions in the United States. We are grateful that they have pointed out who the culprit is if we want to get an even higher rating than we share with seven States who have AAA ratings. Remember, Madam Speaker, nobody in this body is interested in the D.C. budget. That is how I have been able to make sure that nothing happens on the District budget. And since there is no interest in it, it simply shouldn’t be here. The District budget is just like a number of other items here from the District that I have been able to keep from being overturned. b1315 An example is the District’s gun laws. It may be the best example. Every year, I keep the Congress from passing bills to overturn the District’s gun laws. They are very extreme. I do it in the House, and I do it in the Senate, even though I am not in the Senate, and there is nobody from the District of Columbia in the Senate. Senator MARCO RUBIO from the State of Florida has been the chief culprit of late. Members vary as to who tries to wipe out all the District’s gun laws. You would think that Senator MARCO  RUBIO would be the last to do that, because Parkland, Florida youngsters have become the leading advocates for gun safety control in the United States and are making some considerable headway. But, actually, Senator RUBIO started his effort to wipe out the District’s gun laws before the Parkland tragedy. And why did he do it? What does he care about the District? He doesn’t care about the District. He cares about his NRA rating. Apparently, he had a Bplus NRA rating, National Rifle Association rating. Within minutes of putting in a bill to eliminate all the gun safety laws of the District of Columbia, the NRA raised his rating from a Bplus to an A. Do you want to know why I am mad? Why I come to this House floor to say get off our backs and treat us like every other jurisdiction? That is a perfect example: using the District of Columbia to get an increased NRA rating. Over here, it is the Representative from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) who partners with Senator RUBIO. Neither of them has been successful. Why should I have to fight these two Members at all about an entirely local matter? Mr. Speaker, I have not asked only for statehood. I understand the House and the Senate are essentially incremental bodies. So I have bills that would simply give the District many of the elements of statehood. An example would be a local prosecutor. What is the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia doing prosecuting local crimes? That is what he does. In fact, more than 90 percent of the business of this U.S. attorney doesn’t have anything to do with Federal matters. Again, this is a holdover from before the District had what we call home rule, and it was 45 years ago that the District was given the right to govern itself. But that, the Congress could give the District, and then the District would choose its own local DA. There are other examples. the President offers clemency, and that means it never happens for people in prison in the District. That is a State function. The District knows more about its own local residents who are incarcerated than any president. That is the kind of matter that should go to the District of Columbia. I cite these examples because they are not statehood. They are just ordinary home rule jurisdiction, ordinary democracy. Mr. Speaker, I want to close with the most poignant examples of denial of democracy to District of Columbia’s residents. Mr. Speaker, the most poignant of the reasons residents resent the denial of equal treatment to their own jurisdiction has to do with the sacrifices that District of Columbia residents have made in every war since the creation of the republic. The District is one of the oldest cities in the United States. It was created by the Founders. District residents fought in the war that created the United States of America. Thus, the city stands as a living contradiction to what the Framers fought for: ‘‘No taxation without representation.’’ Residents of the District are not only taxed without representation in the House and the Senate, they are taxed at a higher rate than other Americans—they are number one per capita in Federal taxes paid to support the Government of the United States. When you consider the sacrifices that our residents have made, one would wonder how they could possibly be denied equal treatment in their own country. One way to understand the sacrifices the District has made is to look at those sacrifices in times of war: World War I, more District casualties than three States; World War II, more District casualties than four States— understand that we are talking about a city, and these are more casualties than in the States; Korean war, more casualties than in eight States of the United States—this city, more casualties than in eight States; finally, the very worst of the casualties, the Vietnam war, more casualties than in 10 States. There is not an American who wouldn’t say that, with those sacrifices and with federal taxes paid at a higher rate than any others are taxed, surely the 700,000 residents who live in our Nation’s Capital have more than paid their dues. 
So I have come to make that case. It is not a difficult case to make. At the heart of the case are the sacrifices in lives for their country. Not only did they not have the vote, but, to date, as I speak, those who are serving their country in Afghanistan and around the world are doing so without equality with other Americans, with the votes in the House and the Senate. If you were to ask the American people, I have no doubt where they would be on the issues I have spoken about this afternoon. The Democrats are doing very well in the House and the Senate. I will ask for a vote for the District in this House, if in fact Democrats take control of the House of Representatives, as it seems they will. This is a matter that should be bipartisan, but my party does not control the House. There is no chance of getting the kind of equality that our country stands for unless my party gets control of the House. Therefore, I hope all will understand that is why I am working hard to see a change in who controls the House of Representatives and the Senate of the United States. The District residents, those who died, those who live here today, have more than earned their right to be treated as equal American citizens. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF SPECIAL AGENT NOLE EDWARD REMAGEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Special Agent Nole Remagen. Special Agent Remagen suffered a stroke while supporting the recent Presidential trip to Scotland, and, sadly, passed away a few days later, surrounded by his family. Special Agent Remagen was a true patriot who dedicated his life to serving his country. He began his service as a member of the United States Marine Corps, where he served honorably for 5 years. After leaving the Marine Corps, he yet again heeded the call to serve his Nation, joining the Secret Service as an officer in the Uniformed Division. Special Agent Remagen served in the Uniformed Division for 10 years and rose to the rank of sergeant just like his father, also a retired sergeant in the Secret Service Uniformed Division. He became a special agent in 2009 and served faithfully many assignments, including the Dignitary Protection Division and the Presidential Protective Division. Special Agent Remagen represented the best of the United States Secret Service, and his dedication to the agency’s mission is both admirable and inspiring. Special Agent Remagen is survived by his wife and two young children. I ask that you keep his family in your thoughts and prayers during this difficult time. ADDRESSING ALZHEIMER ’S DISEASE  
Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I rise today to talk about a disease that touches nearly every family in our country. There are more than 5.7 million Americans living with Alzheimer’s and more than 16.1 million unpaid caregivers who dedicate much of their lives to caring for their loved ones struggling with this terrible illness. I became familiar with Alzheimer’s long before I came to Congress. You see, my father, Andy Katko, or Pop Pop, as he became known to us, his 7 children, his 18 grandchildren, and his 6 greatgrandchildren, as well as everyone else, began, in 2008, to show signs that his memory was deteriorating. He was eventually diagnosed with dementia that same year. His condition progressed significantly each and every year after his initial diagnosis, and he was ultimately diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease. My mother, his wife, Mary Lou, took on the challenging role millions of loved ones do and became his primary caretaker. Mary Lou remained by Andy’s side, helping him with everything from cooking, bathing, dressing, and taking his medications, to offering him love and reassurance when he would wake up in the middle of the night confused and sometimes scared of his surroundings. About 1
1⁄2years ago, with Andy’s condition progressing dramatically, and my mother, Mary Lou, suffering from her own health issues, our family had to make the terrible decision that many other families have to make and admit my father, Andy, into a nursing home, where he could receive the 24 hour care and attention that he desperately needed. Although Andy and Mary Lou lived apart since then, their strong bond of love for each other was still evident, perhaps in the handholding, perhaps in the kiss on the cheek, or perhaps just giving a reassuring look. Andy’s eyes would light up at any mention of Mary Lou, especially when she came to visit him. In March of this year, when we had to tell him that Mary Lou had died, his beloved wife of 64 years, it barely registered. In fact, we can’t tell whether he understands that his wife, the love of his life, is gone. Today, Andy still resides at our local nursing home. His condition has worsened, and he can no longer recognize his children or grandchildren, nor can he form coherent sentences. It is extremely difficult for our family to see him in this condition, as he is no longer the same talkative, strong willed father and grandfather he once was. Although Alzheimer’s has diminished my father, Andy’s quality of life, the disease has not diminished his spirit. Yes, Andy’s sincere appreciation for his family is still evident, and he has maintained his distinct sense of humor and happygolucky disposition, which allows our family some temporary relief and lightness amongst such a heavy situation. This struggle my father and our entire family is going through is not unique. I have heard nearly identical stories told by countless families throughout my district—really, from throughout this country. b1330 The toll this disease takes on the millions afflicted, the millions of caregivers, and our overall economy cannot be understated. I am proud of the actions we have taken as a Congress to begin to address this epidemic, including the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, which will strengthen efforts to find a cure. And the recent passage of the RAISE Family Caregivers Act, which is now one of the first laws to address the needs of our Nation’s family caregivers. However, we must do more. I will continue to support the doctors, the scientists, and the medical professionals, who are on the front lines caring for those suffering from Alzheimer’s, working tirelessly day and night to find a cure, looking for promising treatments. I implore all of my colleagues to join me in supporting funding for research to put an end to this epidemic, honoring the millions of Americans, like my father, who have lost so much of their lives to this disease. This is for you Pop Pop. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
BORDER SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) for 30 minutes. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I come to the floor of the House today to talk about an issue that has been in the headlines a lot recently. Every month, more than 30,000 people come across our border, our southern border, without the benefit of a legal status. Now, there is no doubt that there are more people in those 30,000, but 30,000 are what are identified by our Customs and Border Protection personnel on the border. Thousands upon thousands of these are unaccompanied children. The end result is many of them reside in shelters and they are cared for by American taxpayer dollars. Some others are less fortunate, and they end up being released into dangerous situations. I think all Americans can agree that we want our immigration system to work, and maybe we want it to be better. But as we consider this crisis on 
our southern border, it is fair to ask: How did we arrive at this point? First off, just from the numbers, America is the most generous country in the world. Through our Nation’s legal immigration process, we welcome well over a million immigrants into the United States of America every year. That is more than every other nation on the face of the Earth combined. And, just to be clear, these are people who go through the correct process and follow our laws. Despite this generosity, others remain intent on entering our country without the full benefit of legal status. Congress continues to grapple with immigration reform, and particularly the question of what to do with unaccompanied minors and those who come into this country as small children and then age into the system. I actually asked the Congressional Research Service: How do other countries deal with this population of children, identified as Dreamers, how do other countries deal with this population? Well, their answer was pretty short. Other countries don’t. If someone is found coming into their country without the benefit of legal status—man, woman, or child—they are returned to their point of origin. They do not keep anyone in that status, in that category. So, again, America is the most generous country in the world, and we have the most significant problem with immigration without the benefit of legal status. Over the past couple of weeks, we have heard intense criticism of the Trump administration of a zerotolerance policy. We have heard Members of Congress opine, both at the border and here on the floor of the House, about the misfortune of those who have crossed into our country without the benefit of citizenship. From the news, you would know that this is a terrible situation. So, enforcement first; is that a bad thing? Well, that is what the administration is supposed to do. And there is significant proof that an enforcement first policy does deter people from subjecting themselves to harm by taking a perilous trip to the American border, whether it be by land or by sea. For example, when General Kelly was the Secretary of Homeland Security, before he became Chief of Staff for the White House, he visited our Texas border in May of 2017. Those Border Patrol stations were virtually unoccupied at the time. In June of 2017, a Reuters journalist, Julia Edwards Ainsley, reported on the decreased number of border crossings. She writes—and, bear in mind, this is just over a year ago: 
Last fall, during the waning months of the Obama administration, hundreds of immigrants crossed the river on rafts at this point each day, many willingly handing themselves over to immigration authorities in hopes of being released into the United States to await court proceedings that would decide their fate. Now, the agents look out on an empty landscape. Footpaths up from the water have started to disappear under growing brush, with only the stray baby shoe or toothbrush serving as reminders of that migrant flood. The reason for the change, the agents say, is a perception in Mexico and Central America that President Donald Trump has ended the practice known as ‘‘catch and release,’’ in which immigrants caught in the United States without proper documents were released to live free, often for years, as their cases ran through the court system. Now, wouldbe border violators know ‘‘they’ll be detained and then turned right back around,’’ said one of the two agents, Marlene Castro. ‘‘It’s not worth it anymore,’’ she said. What had happened between the end of the Obama administration and the first year of the Trump administration? When people believe that they will encounter a border wall, or that they will be turned away at the border, people simply do not come. However, our laws are effective only if they are enforced. As General Kelly said at the time: 
For changes to be permanent, Congress must change the law. 
If Congress does not want us to enforce the law, they should change the law. 
So, every night, when you are listening to the news, you might believe that this is the first time in American history that a Presidential administration has used an enforcement first, or a so called ‘‘zerotolerance’’ policy. But let’s think about this for a minute and turn the clock back to 1992. In the early 1990s, rafts of immigrants from the country of Haiti were bound for the United States and were intercepted at sea, as authorized by a policy enacted by President George H. W. Bush’s administration. A young Governor from Arkansas was running for President against the incumbent George H.W. Bush, and, what a surprise, the campaign rhetoric became divisive. ThenGovernor Clinton, time and again, spoke of his disagreement with thenPresident Bush’s zerotolerance immigration policy. During his campaign, Governor Clinton often maligned President Bush for being so cruel in his treatment of Haitian refugees traveling to America by boat. The rhetoric then was the same as the rhetoric now: You have put a closed sign on the Statue of Liberty, or you have hung up a no vacancy sign on the border of the United States. During his campaign, some people feared that Governor Clinton was creating unrealistic expectations for the Haitian people, who were suffering significantly from unrest in their country. As Douglas Farah wrote in the New York Times article titled ‘‘Clinton Inspires Hope and Fear in Haiti’’ on November 28, 1992: 
It was Mr. Clinton who helped create the expectation of an exodus from Haiti when he condemned the Bush administration for a ‘‘cruel policy of returning Haitian refugees to a brutal dictatorship without an asylum hearing.’’ Now, we all know that Governor Clinton won the Presidential election in 1992. From Governor Clinton’s promises, the people of Haiti expected to be welcomed into the United States with open arms. The problem is that after winning the White House, President elect Clinton had a change of heart. Now, I will read from some of Presidentelect Clinton’s remarks, and this was spoken directly to the people of Haiti over the radio on Voice of America. 
For Haitians who do seek to leave Haiti, boat departure is a terrible and dangerous choice. I’ve been deeply concerned by reports that many of you are preparing to travel by boat to the United States. And, I fear that boat departures in the near future would result in further tragic losses of life. For this reason, the practice of returning those who flee Haiti by boat will continue for the time being after I become President. Those who do leave Haiti for the United States by boat will be stopped and directly returned by the United States Coast Guard. To avoid the human tragedy of a boat exodus, I wanted to convey this message directly to the Haitian people: Leaving by boat is not the route to freedom. 
Now, this dramatic change of heart did not go without notice. On January 17, 1993, the Chicago Tribune columnist Stephen Chapman wrote: 
The Presidentelect has a terrible time making up his mind and keeping it made up. A lot of Haitians are disappointed to find he’s something less than a man of his word. They’re not the only ones. 
As you can see from this story, border security is not a new debate. Zero tolerance policies do go back far longer than the current administration. Now, just before I leave this topic, I want to thank the Library of Congress and the National Archives for their work in helping me track down this now longforgotten radio address. But I do think it is useful as we consider our current situation, and I am grateful to them for their work to uncover this recording from their archives. It actually was easier to find evidence of the zerotolerance policy in effect during the Carter administration. There was a phenomena known as the Mariel boatlift. Fidel Castro, solving a problem he had internally in his country, opened the doors to his prisons and some of his asylums. He sent criminals and patients suffering from mental diseases through the straits of Florida and he left Jimmy Carter’s administration to grapple with a Cuban refugee crisis. In a 1997 interview, former Deputy Secretary of State John A. Bushnell recalled a meeting with President Carter in which he and other key advisers discussed possible solutions to the Cuban refugee problem. He said: 
I remember sitting in that windowless conference room of the National Security Council with Secretary of State Muskie, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Director of the CIA, the head of the Coast Guard, the head of Immigration and Naturalization Service, and several other senior officials debating how to stop this flow of Cubans. National Security Advisor Brzezinski chaired until President 
Carter came in toward the end of the meeting. There was a long discussion of how Coast Guard and Navy ships might physically stop the Cuban boats, either from leaving the United States or returning. The Navy and the Coast Guard, represented at this meeting by admirals, asked: ‘‘How can we do this?’’ It was suggested that these boats could be rammed or shot at. The Navy and Coast Guard said that it would be very difficult to stop these boats physically from leaving the United States or from returning without major loss of life among the boat crews and passengers. I guess Secretary Muskie was something of a sailor. He certainly knew a lot more about boats than I did. He was suggesting ways of maneuvering boats to block passage, which struck me as sort of wild. It sounded to me as if he had in mind a picket line of Coast Guard and Navy boats going across the straits of Florida to stop the movement of these small boats with refugees. This naval discussion went on for a long time, but was inconclusive. 
b1345 Well, from this interview, we understand that President Carter’s administration was contemplating how to physically stop Cuban boats from coming to the United States. More recently, President Obama’s administration faced a crisis in 2014. There was a flood of unaccompanied minors who came across our southern border from countries like Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala. There is no question that President Obama’s dangerous catch and release policies helped to bring us to this point. President Carter, President Clinton, President Obama, they all learned the same lesson. It is inhumane and dangerous to encourage anyone to attempt a harrowing journey by land or sea in order to reach America’s borders. But I do want to emphasize some important points moving forward. First off, under the jurisdiction of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health, we do oversee the Health and Human Services Office of Refugee Resettlement. Over the last 5 years, I have made 10 trips to the border to visit these Office of Refugee Resettlement facilities. In the last few weeks, I had the opportunity to visit shelters in Tornillo and McAllen and Brownsville, all on the Texas border. I can tell you this: The shelters are in excellent condition. The men and women of the Office of Refugee Resettlement and the men and women who work in the nonprofit organizations who help in those endeavors, they do an excellent job. The children receive professional care from the exemplary HHS employees. Children were living in a healthy environment. Children were playing on a soccer field with artificial turf. In McAllen, at Casa Padre, I witnessed the same thing. Regardless of what you are hearing on the news and from our friends on the other side of the dais here in the House of Representatives, the Department of Health and Human Services is providing outstanding care to the minors in its custody. This was not always the case. Back in 2014, I made other trips to ORR facilities early in what was then the Obama administration’s unaccompanied alien minors crisis. The children, when I visited the shelters in 2014, they didn’t have access to a doctor. There were no medical personnel. Today, they have access to the full range of medical facilities and mental health resources, and the children are being screened for communicable diseases. This is important. These children are likely to be placed with families in the United States. They are likely to attend schools with those families where they are placed. Certainly illnesses such as tuberculosis need to be screened for and ruled out before those children are placed with families in the interior of the United States. Today, children have a way to contact back to the Department of Health and Human Services, or the office of oversight, the Office of Refugee Resettlement after they have been placed. In 2014, when I visited those shelters, there was no way—if a child ended up in a situation that was not just not agreeable, but perhaps dangerous for the child, they were not given any means of contacting back to ORR once they left Federal custody. And, unfortunately, we know now that some children were not placed in loving homes but, rather, fell victims to trafficking or other abuse. Now, because of the House Republicans who serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee, if children need help after they leave a shelter, they do, indeed, have a lifeline. These are helpful resources for those who are entrusted to Federal care. This afternoon, I want to thank and commend Secretary Alex Azar and his team at Health and Human Services for their work, yes, to reunite children with verified family members and for children who have come across the border without any other visible means of support, who are then taken care of by the men and women of the Office of Refugee Resettlement, and, of course, the generosity of the American taxpayer. The people at HHS are taking the appropriate care to ensure that children released from their custody will be placed safely. My primary goal still remains to secure the border. Yes, this would be a problem that would be much better prevented than managed after it occurs, but there remains a problem with unaccompanied minors crossing the border without the benefit of citizenship. All the time that that does occur, we must do our best to ensure that they are safe when they are in the custody of the men and women of Health and Human Services. Again, I want to stress, when it comes to immigration, the United States of America is the most generous country in the world. But is it okay, is it all right for us to allow 30,000 people to enter our country illegally each month? Is it okay, is it all right to allow 13,000 children to enter our country illegally each month? Is it all right for us to subject these innocent children to a dangerous journey? Is it all right for us to continue to encourage and monetize child traffickers and coyotes who bring these children across central Mexico? President Trump has said that the highest sovereign duty of the President is to defend this Nation, and that includes the defense of the borders. Quite simply, sovereign countries must define and defend their borders. I believe that America is a country worth defending, so, ultimately, we are going to have to solve this problem. From experiences, both recent and throughout history, we do know that rhetoric matters, and President Trump’s enforcement first policy should not come as a surprise to anyone. As the President, current President campaigned, he promised to end the catch and release program and restore order on the southern border. The traffickers and coyotes in Central America use our words, our words spoken here on the floor of this House, in Washington, D.C. They use our words to prey on the disadvantaged in Central American countries, and they encourage families to put their children on top of a freight train, a train called La Bestia, from southern Mexico to the Rio Grande, and subject their children to violence of the cartels or worse. And these are children, some of whom will never arrive in the United States because of the dangers on that journey. When we say, or even suggest, that children could receive amnesty at the border, we put innocent lives at risk. We can be compassionate and we can provide a secure border at the same time. These two concepts are not mutually exclusive. In 1980, I previously quoted former Deputy Secretary of State John A. Bushnell, and let me quote him again. He recalled that Congress, that year, appropriated over $400 million to assist holding and settling Cuban refugees in the United States. Reflecting on that time, here’s what he said: ‘‘I used this appropriation as a key example of why foreign aid through the Caribbean Group was a good investment. It was much better to help our neighbors build a good economic future for themselves at home than to have a flood of desperate refugees, which would cost more money to settle.’’ Madam Speaker, I would ask my colleagues in the House if it would not be wise to consider former Deputy Secretary of State John Bushnell’s reasoning. Perhaps our foreign aid to countries such as Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala, and even Mexico, should be tied to how they care for their children. Here is the deal: Why should we reward those countries whose children 
are fleeing for their safety to the United States of America? It is certainly something to consider, particularly as we consider the foreign operations appropriations that we will likely have on the floor of the House when this House reconvenes in September. As we have heard today, it is simply irresponsible. It is inhumane for the American Government to incentivize anyone, to subject their citizens, the children of their citizens, to this perilous journey to our border. This was a lesson that President Clinton learned; it was a lesson that President Carter learned; and it was a lesson that President Obama learned; and, unfortunately, each of them learned it a little bit late. But we have an opportunity. We could end this broken pattern. We could find a solution. First is to secure the borders, and second is to use our foreign aid to encourage those countries to take care of their children first and to not count on the generosity of the American taxpayer to continue to do the job that they refuse to do at home. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2353. An act to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, July 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5772. A letter from the Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Dairy Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Milk in California; Federal Milk Marketing Order Promulgation [Doc. No.: AO150071; AMS DA140095] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5773. A letter from the Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oranges, Grapefruit, Tangerines, and Pummelos Grown in Florida; Increased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMSSC170074; SC189051 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5774. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Grapes Grown in a Designated Area of Southeastern California; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMSSC170082; SC18 9251 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5775. A letter from the Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Vegetable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure Governing Marketing Orders and Marketing Agreements, and Research, Promotion, and Information Programs [Document Number: AMS SC180007] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5776. A letter from the Administrator, Specialty Crops Program, Promotion and Economics Division, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Peanut Promotion, Research, and Information Order; Change in Assessment Rate Computation [Document Number: AMSSC16 0115] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5777. A letter from the Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cranberries Grown in States of Massachusetts, et al.; Establishment of Handler Diversion and Reporting Requirements and New Information Collection [Doc. No.: AMSSC 170066; SC179293 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5778. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Dairy Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Milk in Florida Marketing Area; Order Amending the Order [AMSDA170068; AO18 0008] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5779. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agriculture Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Walnuts Grown in California; Order Amending Marketing Order 984 [Doc. No.: AMSSC160053; SC169841 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5780. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — General Regulations for Federal Fruit, Vegetable, and Specialty Crop Marketing Agreements and Orders; Authority To Meet Via Electronic Communications [Doc. No.: AMSSC170086; SC189001 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5781. A letter from the Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Olives Grown in California; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMSSC180001; SC189321 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5782. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a report titled, ‘‘Implementation and Assessment of a Training Curriculum for the Boards for Correction of Military Records’’, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1552 note; Public Law 114328, Sec. 534(c); (130 Stat. 2122); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5783. A letter from the Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Regulation of NMS Stock Alternative Trading Systems [Release No.: 343483663; File No. S723 15] (RIN: 3235AL65) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5784. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Student Assistance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Education Loan Program, William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Program; Corrections [Docket ID: ED2017OPE0112] (RIN: 1840 AD28) received July 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5785. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and Energy Efficiency, Office of Fossil Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — SmallScale Natural Gas Exports [FE Docket No.: 1786R] (RIN: 1901AB43) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5786. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — 1,1Difluoroethane; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQOPP20180036; FRL998020] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5787. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Additional Air Quality Designations for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards — San Antonio, Texas Area [EPAHQOAR20170548; FRL 998117OAR] (RIN: 2060AU13) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5788. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; MO; Redesignation of the Missouri Portion of the St. Louis MissouriIllinois Area to Attainment of the 1997 Annual Standards for Fine Particulate Matter and Approval of Associated Maintenance Plan [EPAR07OAR20170734; FRL 998129Region 7] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5789. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Hospital/Medical/Infectious Waste Incinerator Withdrawal for Designated Facilities and Pollutants [EPAR05OAR20180113; FRL998095Region 5] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5790. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Partial Deletion of the Peters Cartridge Factory Superfund Site [EPAHQSFUND20030010; FRL 998126Region 5] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5791. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Florasulam; Pesticide Tolerances [EPAHQOPP20170226; FRL997981] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5792. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Deletion of the Davenport and Flagstaff Smelters Superfund Site [EPAHQSFUND20030010; FRL998121 Region 8] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5793. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Deletion of the Old Esco Manufacturing Superfund Site [EPAHQSFUND20080084; FRL998136Region 6] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5794. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA HQOPPT20170366; FRL997023] (RIN: 2070 AB27) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5795. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 72.202(b), Table of Allotments, FM Broadcast Stations (Connerville, Oklahoma) [MB Docket No.: 18 43] (RM11797) received July 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5796. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Strategic Plan for FYs 2018 to 2023, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 10362, Sec. 3 (as amended by Public Law 111352, Sec. 2); (124 Stat. 3866); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5797. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts for 2018 [Docket No.: FR6076F01] (RIN: 2501 AD86) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5798. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Barge PFELB444, San Joaquin River, Blackslough Landing, CA [Docket No.: USCG20180634] (RIN: 1625AA00) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5799. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Choptank River, Cambridge, MD [Docket No.: USCG20180178] (RIN: 1625AA08) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5800. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Alaska Marine Highway System Port Valdez Ferry Terminal, Port Valdez; Valdez, AK [Docket No.: USCG20180578] (RIN: 1625AA00) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5801. A letter from the Chief Privacy Office, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Privacy Office’s inaugural Social Security Number Fraud Prevention Act Report to Congress for 2018; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Oversight and Government Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Pramila Jayapal (Rept. 115–876). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. House Resolution 1005. Resolution directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the border security policies, procedures, and activities as such relate to the interdiction of families by the U.S. Border Patrol between ports of entry; adversely (Rept. 115–877). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6539. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the Department of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing separation from the Armed Forces, to create uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. MESSER , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana): H.R. 6540. A bill to increase portability of and access to retirement savings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself and Mr. CRAWFORD ): H.R. 6541. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to provide for flexibility under the school lunch program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 6542. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an increase in the lowincome housing credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. POLIS, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. S HEAPORTER, and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 6543. A bill to amend and strengthen the Higher Education Act of 1965 so that every student has a path to a quality, debt free degree or credential that leads to a rewarding career; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. F RANCIS  ROONEY of Florida, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. MESSER , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana): H.R. 6544. A bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization and their right to refrain from paying dues or fees to a labor organization for nonrepresentational activity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. NADLER , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. VELA, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. COHEN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. KHANNA , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Ms. TITUS, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. B ASS, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. NORTON , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. DOGGETT , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. CRIST, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. EVANS , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. LEE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. CLEAVER , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. SARBANES , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. KIND, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. KILMER , Mr. L AMB, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. F OSTER, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. FUDGE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. ROSEN , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. DELANEY , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. CASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6545. A bill to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act of 1994, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, Ways and Means, Natural Resources, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6546. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to make technical corrections to the segment designations for the Chetco River, Oregon; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. BARTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. CHABOT , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 6547. A bill to provide for greater transparency in and user control over the treatment of data collected by mobile applications and to enhance the security of such data; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. JACKSON LEE): H.R. 6548. A bill to require data brokers to establish procedures to ensure the accuracy of collected personal information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6549. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to limit estate recovery under Medicaid with respect to newly eligible individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. MEADOWS ): H.R. 6550. A bill to enhance the innovation, security, and availability of Federal Government cloud services by establishing the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program within the Office of Management and Budget Office of Electronic Government and by establishing a risk management, authorization, and continuous monitoring process to enable the Federal Government to leverage cloud computing services using a riskbased approach consistent with the Federal Information Security Reform Act of 2014 and cloudbased operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. SARBANES ): H.R. 6551. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to improve Federal agency teleworking programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. W EBER  of Texas, and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 6552. A bill to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act to address insufficient compensation of employees and other personnel of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. POEof Texas): H.R. 6553. A bill to amend the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 to require consultation with State and local elected officials and a public hearing before awarding grants or contracts for housing facilities for unaccompanied alien children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee (for himself and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 6554. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require a person that possesses or intends to possess a tableting machine or encapsulating machine to obtain registration from the Attorney General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6555. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a DHS Cybersecurity OntheJob Training and Employment Apprentice Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6556. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 301 East Third Street in Farmville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Barbara Rose Johns Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6557. A bill to amend title 35, United States Code, to restore patent rights to inventors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6558. A bill to amend title 49, of the United States Code, to prioritize the reduction of noise pollution in air commerce; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6559. A bill to improve the Social Security Administration’s service to the public, to strengthen the Disability Insurance program, and to protect the trust funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DEGETTE (for herself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. SPEIER ): H.R. 6560. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States an option to cover a children’s program of allinclusive coordinated care (ChiPACC) under Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. KIND, and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 6561. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to finalize certain proposed provisions relating to the Programs of AllInclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCCARTHY (for himself, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Ms. B ASS, Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. MCSALLY ): H.R. 6562. A bill to support endemic orphan fungal disease research, incentivize Valley Fever vaccine development, discover new antifungal therapies and diagnostics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. NEAL): H.R. 6563. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent growth rate cliff for outofpocket threshold under Medicare part D; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6564. A bill to promote innovation in voting, including in voting technology and voter registration technology, election security, and increased voter participation through a challenge prize competition; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6565. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for contracting preferences and other benefits for emerging business enterprises, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 6566. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to remove the manifestation period required for the presumptions of service connection for chloracne, porphyria cutanea tarda, and acute and subacute peripheral neuropathy associated with exposure to certain herbicide agents; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6567. A bill to amend the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 to modify a provision relating to certain consultation requirements; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself and Mrs. COMSTOCK ): H.R. 6568. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make it a criminal offense for Federal law enforcement officers to engage in sexual acts with individuals in their custody, to encourage States to adopt similar laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 6569. A bill to require a waiver if the installation of differently colored tiles in certain tunnel projects is expected to create additional costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6570. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to submit to Congress a report on the anticipated impact of altering the United States Force posture on the Korean peninsula; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6571. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to improve the detection, prevention, and treatment of mental health issues among public safety officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Mr. CUELLAR ): H.R. 6572. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to include Federally qualified health centers and primary care associations in efforts to assist homeless veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6573. A bill to require a determination on designation of the Russian Federation as a state sponsor of terrorism; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6574. A bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to determine, on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries, covered part D drug prices for certain covered part D drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6575. A bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to deliver a meaningful benefit and lower prescription drug prices under the Medicare Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6576. A bill to require drug manufacturers to disclose the prices of prescription drugs in any directtoconsumer advertising and marketing to practitioners of a drug; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6577. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to shorten the exclusivity period for brand name biological products from 12 to 7 years; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SABLAN (for himself, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. S IRES, Ms. ESHOO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. LOFGREN ): H.R. 6578. A bill to amend section 6 of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union with the United States of America, and for other purposes‘‘; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6579. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide no interest deferment eligibility for certain small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BACON: H.R. 6580. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for expedited naturalization processes for the alien spouses of first responders who die as a result of their employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BERGMAN: H.R. 6581. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adopt certain strategies for preventive colorectal screenings for veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 6582. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish presumptions of service connection for illnesses associated with open burn pits, to direct the Comptroller of the United States to establish the Open Burn Pit Advisory Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6583. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain lands and facilities of the Big Sand Wash Project, Utah; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 6584. A bill to improve energy performance in Federal buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 6585. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for recovery by members of the Armed Forces for certain acts or omissions by the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. DELAURO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. SOTO, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER ): H.R. 6586. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote healthy eating and physical activity among children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6587. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow deductions for amounts contributed to a health savings account by individuals enrolled in qualified health plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 6588. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to modify the circumstances under current law to allow an individual debtor to discharge certain educational loans and educational benefits received by the debtor more than 5 years before the commencement of the bankruptcy case under such title; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CRIST (for himself and Mr. FERGUSON ): H.R. 6589. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to remove limitations on Federal employment for an individual legally using marijuana under the law of the State in which the individual resides, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself and Mr. BUDD): H.R. 6590. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a program on children and the media within the National Institute of Health to study the health and developmental effects of technology on infants, children, and adolescents; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. B UCHANAN , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. CRIST, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. DIAZBALART , Mr. D UNN, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. MAST, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. POSEY , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mr. S OTO, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Ms. WILSON of Florida, and Mr. YOHO): H.R. 6591. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Florida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ‘Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. LAMALFA ): H.R. 6592. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to establish additional requirements for certain transportation projects with estimated costs of $2,500,000,000 or more, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6593. A bill to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing and maintaining an automated and searchable system that tracks prescription drug prices in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M OORE , Ms. MENG, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. S IRES, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. VELA, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. S OTO, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. B EYER , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. C UMMINGS ): H.R. 6594. A bill to reunite families separated at or near ports of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. HANDEL , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. N ORMAN, and Mr. W EBER of Texas): H.R. 6595. A bill to amend the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 to impose certain additional requirements on 
aliens who are required to register as sex offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6596. A bill to provide for restoration, economic development, recreation, and conservation on Federal lands in Northern California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mrs. NAPOLITANO ): H.R. 6597. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan repayment program for mental health professionals to relieve workforce shortages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. C OLE, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. S IMPSON, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York): H.R. 6598. A bill to provide the right of American Indians born in Canada or the United States to pass the borders of the United States to any individual who is a member, or is eligible to be a member, of a Federally recognized Indian tribe in the United States or Canada, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. PANETTA ): H.R. 6599. A bill to modify the application of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 6600. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require that orders subject to review be submitted through a clearinghouse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (for himself and Mr. LEVIN): H.R. 6601. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to improve access to care for all Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries through models tested under the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LOBIONDO (for himself, Mr. SIRES, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. PALLONE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. L ANCE ): H.R. 6602. A bill to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself and Mr. SESSIONS ): H.R. 6603. A bill to amend the FAST Act to ensure that certain veteran small businesses are eligible for funding as small business concerns; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MACARTHUR (for himself and Mrs. DINGELL ): H.R. 6604. A bill to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to provide grants to community mental health centers for the placement of social workers with law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6605. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on fuel based on the carbon content of such fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. BARLETTA ): H.R. 6606. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 445 Main Street in Laceyville, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Melinda ‘Mindy’ Gene Piccotti Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 6607. A bill to prohibit deceptive practices in Federal elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MCSALLY (for herself and Mr. CRAMER ): H.R. 6608. A bill to provide for the development and dissemination of best practice guidelines for using data collected by prescription drug monitoring programs to identify drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. KATKO , Mr. KING of New York, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. BORDALLO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C RIST, Ms. DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. KILMER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S HEAPORTER, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S OTO, Mr. S UOZZI , Mrs. TORRES , Mr. V ELA, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H.R. 6609. A bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to reauthorize the port security grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico): H.R. 6610. A bill to reauthorize the Interagency Committee on Women’s Business Enterprise, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Mr. HARPER ): H.R. 6611. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to expand and improve health care services by health centers and the National Health Service Corps for individuals with a developmental disability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. VARGAS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. LEE, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. NOLAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. ELLISON , and Mr. K ILDEE): H.R. 6612. A bill to secure the Federal voting rights of persons when released from incarceration; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. BIGGS, and Mrs. W AGNER ): H.R. 6613. A bill to amend title X of the Public Health Service Act to condition receipt of grants and contracts under such title on compliance with abortion prohibition; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 6614. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to release reversionary and reserved interests in certain lands within the Coconino National Forest, Arizona; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida): H.R. 6615. A bill to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. POCAN , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. B ERA): H.R. 6616. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for flexible giving accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Ms. LOFGREN ): H.R. 6617. A bill to provide for a legal framework for the operation of public unmanned aircraft systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. RICE of South Carolina, Mr. LIPINSKI , and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 6618. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to stimulate international tourism to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. THOMPSON of California): H.R. 6619. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the application of Medicare secondary payer rules to certain workers’ compensation settlement agreements and qualified Medicare setaside provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself and Mr. RATCLIFFE ): H.R. 6620. A bill to require the Department of Homeland Security to prepare a threat assessment relating to unmanned aircraft systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. COHEN , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. C OOPER , and Mrs. BLACK ): H.R. 6621. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6622. A bill to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. Whitehurst Federal Building’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. KHANNA , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. MOORE , and Ms. H ANABUSA ): H.R. 6623. A bill to advance STEM education, provide for improved worker, training, retention, and advancement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, Transportation and Infrastructure, Science, Space, and Technology, Natural Resources, Oversight and Government Reform, Foreign Affairs, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCALISE (for himself, Mr. BARR, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. PEARCE , and Mr. S CHWEIKERT ): H.R. 6624. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to update certain procedures applicable to commerce in firearms and remove certain Federal restrictions on interstate firearms transactions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 6625. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definition of credit sale; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SIRES (for himself and Mr. PASCRELL ): H.R. 6626. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6627. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for new markets tax credit investments in the Rural Jobs Zone; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for himself, Mr. KILMER , Mr. H ECK, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. DELBENE, and Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS ): H.R. 6628. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 6629. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to States and units of local government to implement statutes, rules, policies, or procedures to authorize courts to issue relinquishment orders with respect to individuals charged with or convicted of a crime of domestic violence, or subject to a domestic violence protective order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Ms. MENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. MCGOVERN ): H.R. 6630. A bill to require the Director of National Intelligence to investigate whether the National Rifle Association benefitted from Russia’s involvement in the United States presidential election of 2016; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 6631. A bill to cancel the registration of all uses of organophosphate pesticides, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6632. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in Bend, Oregon, as the ‘‘Robert Maxwell VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. BUDD, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. BRAT, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. ARRINGTON , and Mr. G IBBS): H.R. 6633. A bill to restrict the provision by international financial institutions of loans and financial and technical assistance to the Government of Turkey, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 6634. A bill to provide that the labeling of certain single ingredient foods is not required to include an added sugars declaration; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. S HUSTER , Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. MOULTON ): H.R. 6635. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Ms. TITUS, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. POLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. KEATING , and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 6636. A bill to promote United States Mongolia trade by authorizing dutyfree treatment for certain imports from Mongolia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself, Mr. KING of New York, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. SUOZZI , and Miss R ICEof New York): H.R. 6637. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to study and report on the prevalence of cholangiocarcinoma in veterans of the Vietnam era, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.J. Res. 137. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States authorizing the territories of the United States to cast electoral votes in presidential elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. BONAMICI , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. ELLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LIPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. QUIGLEY , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. RUIZ, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. TONKO , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. T HOMP SONof California): H. Con. Res. 130. Concurrent resolution supporting America’s clean car standards and defending State authority under the Clean Air Act to protect their citizens from harmful air pollution; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for herself, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. LANGEVIN , and Mr. P AYNE ): H. Con. Res. 131. Concurrent resolution recognizing the need to improve physical access to many federally funded facilities for all people of the United States, particularly people with disabilities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Ms. BASS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. COHEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. LEE): H. Con. Res. 132. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the President does not have the authority under the Constitution to grant himself reprieve or pardon for offenses against the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BIGGS: H. Res. 1033. A resolution recognizing the importance of access to comprehensive, highquality, lifeaffirming medical care for women of all ages; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCCLINTOCK (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. P OEof Texas): H. Res. 1034. A resolution condemning Iranian statesponsored terrorism and expressing support for the Iranian people’s desire for a democratic, secular, and nonnuclear republic of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. JODY B. H ICE of Georgia, Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T URNER , Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. BACON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. HECK, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , and Mr. H UDSON ): H. Res. 1035. A resolution expressing opposition to the completion of Nord Stream II, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, Oversight and 
Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. DAVIS of California): H. Res. 1036. A resolution recognizing that contributions of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization are vital to United States national security; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HECK (for himself, Mr. KILMER , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. C OLE, and Ms. MCCOLLUM ): H. Res. 1037. A resolution recognizing the 29th anniversary of the Tribal Canoe Journey of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and congratulating the Puyallup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puyallup; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia): H. Res. 1038. A resolution recognizing July 28, 2018, as ‘‘World Hepatitis Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6539. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 6540. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 6541. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I: Section 8: Clause 3 The United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 6542. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6543. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6544. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: the authority enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6545. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 6546. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6547. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8: By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6548. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6549. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 6550. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 6551. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 6552. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution ’ By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 6553. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6554. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6555. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6556. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States), Clause 6 (relating to post offices and post roads), and Clause l8 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6557. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power . . . To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6558. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 and Clause 18. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6559. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. DEGETTE: H.R. 6560. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Commerce Clause,’’ Article 1 Section 8 By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 6561. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MCCARTHY: H.R. 6562. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Consitution of the United States. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6563. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 6564. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article II Section 8 By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6565. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and clause 18 of Article I of section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 6566. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6567. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6568. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 6569. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6570. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, which gives Congress the power to provide for the common defense and to make all laws necessary and proper to carry out this power. By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6571. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6572. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6573. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6574. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6575. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6576. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6577. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 6578. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4, 18 and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6579. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BACON: H.R. 6580. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BERGMAN: H.R. 6581. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6582. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the United State Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6583. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6584. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6585. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6586. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6587. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (Taxing and Spending Clause) Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (Interstate Commerce Clause) By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 6588. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: (1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CRIST: H.R. 6589. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 6590. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 6591. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6592. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6593. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power * * * to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6594. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitution, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitution, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 6595. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6596. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 6597. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6598. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper . . .’ By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 6599. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 6600. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States provides that Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes; To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 6601. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LOBIONDO: H.R. 6602. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 6603. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MACARTHUR: H.R. 6604. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6605. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Section 8 By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 6606. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7—‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to establish Post Offices and Post Roads.’’ By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 6607. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 6608. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6609. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6610. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 6611. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 of the US Constitution By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 6612. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 1) Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the Unites States Constitution. This provision permits Congress to make or alter the regulations pertaining to Federal elections; 2) Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. This provision grants Congress the authority to enact appropriate laws protecting the civil rights of all Americans; and 3) The Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution. This provision prohibits excessive bail, excessive fines and cruel and unusual punishment. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6613. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 6614. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 6615. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6616. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6617. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrving into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 6618. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce; as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 6619. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States).’’ By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 6620. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6621. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6622. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6623. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6624. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, and Amendment II of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 6625. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 6626. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 6627. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6628. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 Congress shall have the Power To establish Post Offices and post Roads By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6629. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, 3, and 18; Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6630. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6631. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6632. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 6633. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 6634. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 6635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 6636. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 6637. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.J. Res. 137. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. L AMB. H.R. 35: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 173: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 233: Mr. LEVIN and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 242: Mr. KHANNA , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 356: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 407: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 431: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 488: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 530: Mr. MCEACHIN , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 667: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 754: Mr. HIMES, Ms. C HENEY , Ms. FUDGE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. LOEBSACK , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 792: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 823: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 930: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 1102: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 1121: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 1144: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1171: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1270: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio and Mr. BERA. H.R. 1298: Mr. LYNCH and Mr. R OEof Ten nessee. H.R. 1300: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. DEGETTE , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 1318: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 1377: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1409: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1439: Mr. NADLER , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1456: Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1562: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 1880: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1884: Mr. TURNER and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 1885: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 1960: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 2051: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2077: Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 2111: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 2151: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2248: Ms. PELOSI and Mr. H OYER . H.R. 2267: Mr. VELAand Mr. Y OUNG of Alas ka. H.R. 2285: Mr. KINZINGER . H.R. 2315: Mr. HECK, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 2358: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2439: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2640: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2718: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 2782: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S OTO, and Ms. S HEA PORTER . H.R. 2856: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 2871: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.R. 2902: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 2953: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 3106: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3113: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3145: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3227: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 3272: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 3325: Mr. LANCE , Mr. H URD, Mr. H OLDING, Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3400: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 3415: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. UPTON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. M AC ARTHUR , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Ms. SINEMA , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Mr. D IAZBALART . H.R. 3473: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3478: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 3608: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3635: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 3721: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3742: Mr. SCHIFF and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3748: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 3751: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 3845: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 3919: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 3952: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4006: Mr. BERA. H.R. 4022: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 4057: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4107: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4185: Mr. CLYBURN . H.R. 4186: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4202: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4349: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4350: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4351: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4352: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4353: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4354: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4355: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4356: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4357: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4358: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4418: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4454: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 4604: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. K IND, and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4608: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4647: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4649: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4733: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 4843: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. GALLAGHER , and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 4846: Mr. BACON . H.R. 4884: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida and Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 4897: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 4941: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4957: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4980: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4999: Mr. CLYBURN . H.R. 5034: Mr. PETERS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 5038: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 5052: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5107: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5108: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia, Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5129: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5132: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. UPTON , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5137: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 5141: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5155: Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. CRIST, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5222: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 5223: Mr. BERA. H.R. 5282: Ms. DELBENE, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 5306: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 5343: Mr. POSEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Lou isiana, and Mr. HURD. H.R. 5429: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 5474: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 5476: Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C APUANO, and Mr. L AMB. H.R. 5485: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5529: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 5545: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 5557: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 5561: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 5595: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 5606: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 5609: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5640: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 5728: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 5759: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 5780: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5794: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 5822: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 5855: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 5899: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico and Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 5912: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5945: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 5955: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 5985: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 5988: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. KINZINGER , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 6006: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 6014: Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 6016: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 6060: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6085: Mr. BUTTERFIELD and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 6104: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 6108: Mr. LONGand Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 6117: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 6121: Mr. FASO. H.R. 6137: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 6145: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 6158: Mr. BARR. H.R. 6179: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 6207: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 6216: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6217: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6230: Mr. CLAYand Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6238: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 6249: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6251: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6263: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 6274: Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 6290: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 6291: Mr. HOLDING , Mr. S MITH of Mis souri, Mr. NUNES , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. WENSTRUP , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. BABIN, Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 6295: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 6318: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 6325: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 6326: Mr. NEAL, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. V ELA, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 6340: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 6344: Mr. HUNTER and Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6345: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 6346: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 6354: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 6356: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6360: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 6377: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 6378: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 6395: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 6396: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 6400: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 6416: Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. S IRES, and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 6417: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. TIPTON , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 6437: Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. COOPER , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. LANCE , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 6444: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 6450: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 6451: Mr. STIVERS and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 6467: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6469: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 6485: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6495: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 6500: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 6505: Mrs. TORRES and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 6509: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 6510: Mr. KATKO , Mr. H ILL, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 6525: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 6527: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 6528: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 6533: Ms. NORTON . H.J. Res. 95: Mr. KINGof New York. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. WENSTRUP . H. Res. 274: Ms. MENG. H. Res. 279: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 455: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. K IHUEN . H. Res. 750: Mr. LIPINSKI . H. Res. 763: Mr. HECK. H. Res. 785: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H. Res. 820: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H. Res. 864: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. BEATTY , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H. Res. 869: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H. Res. 888: Ms. MOORE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. V ELA, and Mr. SIRES. H. Res. 967: Mr. GAETZ , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. WITTMAN . H. Res. 993: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. C LAY, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. TONKO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H. Res. 1008: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. KEATING , and Mr. C LYBURN . H. Res. 1016: Ms. MOORE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. NOLAN . H. Res. 1028: Mr. MASSIE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. NORMAN , and Mr. H UNTER . H. Res. 1030: Mr. KEATING . H. Res. 1031: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. TONKO , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. BEYER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. NORTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. S OTO, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. KEATING , Mr. C RIST, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5393 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 2018 No. 126 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable THOM TILLIS , a Senator from the State of North Carolina. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. God, our hope for years to come, we offer You our thanksgiving. Thank You for Your steadfast love that sustains us every hour. Thank You for Your faithfulness that allows us to dwell in peace. Lord, we are grateful for the joy we receive by observing the works of Your hands, finding pleasure in the beauty of the sunrise and the glory of the sunset. Today, use our Senators for the glory of Your Name. Guide and direct them, that they may mount up with wings like eagles, running without weariness, and walking without fainting. Guide them with the light of Your truth. Lord of all, to You we raise this our prayer of grateful praise. We pray in Your bountiful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 