Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to reintroduce the Coral Reef Conservation Reauthorization Act. This bipartisan, comprehensive bill builds on legislation that I have sponsored in the House since 2009 to reauthorize the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000. I want to thank each of my 13 original cosponsors for their support: Representatives SOTO, W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , H ASTINGS , C RIST, C ASTOR , HANABUSA , G ABBARD , R ADEWAGEN , GONZA´LEZCOLO´N, R UTHERFORD , SABLAN , PLASKETT , ANDMAST. Our bill for this 115th Congress makes amendments to update and strengthen the 2000 law and reflects coral reef conservation work governmentwide. Coral reefs are Godgiven natural infrastructure that provide real, tangible benefits to our coastal and island communities, as well as the Nation at large. Healthy, resilient coral reefs safeguard against extreme weather, shoreline erosion, and coastal flooding and serve as natural breakwaters for maritime ports and harbors of refuge. Without the reefs to absorb the blunt force of wave action, many island and coastal communities would simply wash away. Coral reefs also support countless American tourism jobs and valuable fisheries across the United States. According to the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration, NOAA, coral reefs support upwards of 12 percent of global fisheries and an estimated 25 percent of all known fish species. In addition, coral reefs are the world’s greatest source of biodiversity, covering less than 1 percent of the ocean floor but home to some 25 percent of all known marine species. U.S. territorial waters in the Pacific support the majority of our Nation’s shallow water corals. Guam, my home, sits adjacent to the western Pacific Ocean’s Coral Triangle, one of the most biologically diverse and important marine ecosystems on the planet, and yet the planet’s coral reefs are in crisis. 2017 marked a prolonged, unprecedented global coral bleaching event. Guam and the western Pacific, long home to some of the most wellpreserved reefs in the world, were impacted severely. Ocean acidification, warming sea temperatures, coastal pollution, invasive species, and other stressors linked to human activity and global climate change threaten to wipe out these incredibly productive ecosystems. These threats have necessitated special protections and listing under the Endangered Species Act for 25 coral species, to date. The Coral Reef Conservation Reauthorization Act addresses these challenges headon, with concrete Federal actions and policy changes that will make a difference by: First, strengthening the Federal response to coral reef emergencies, including vessel groundings, natural disasters, harmful algae blooms, and unexploded ordnance underwater; Second, minimizing damage to coral reefs from invasive or nuisance species, vessel impacts, marine debris, and derelict fishing gear; Third, directing new Federal grant making for local coral reef conservation projects; Fourth, recognizing the importance of coral reef fisheries and the expertise of local fishery and wildlife management agencies; Fifth, developing the firstever national guidelines for environmentally responsible artificial reefs; and Last, engaging our Nation’s marine laboratories, aquariums, Sea Grant colleges, and coral reef institutions in federally funded research on coral biodiversity, propagation, and resiliency. In particular, our bipartisan bill provides congressional authorization for the U.S. Coral Reef Task Force, codifying Executive Order 13089. Since 1998, Mr. Speaker, the Coral Reef Task Force has coordinated Federal and local actions to protect coral reefs nationwide. Our bill preserves full voting membership on the task force for the Governors of all five U.S. territories and the States of Florida and Hawaii. 
The Coral Reef Conservation Reauthorization Act also authorizes the U.S. Department of the Interior to take action to conserve our coral reefs. Many of our most spectacular coral resources lie within national parks, national wildlife refuges, and marine national monuments. Congress needs to take action to protect our Nation’s irreplaceable coral reef resources, and that starts with reauthorizing the Coral Reef Conservation Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members of our House to join us in cosponsoring the Coral Reef Conservation Reauthorization Act of 2018, and I look forward to working with our House and Senate colleagues to advance this important legislation. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BISHOP T.F. TENNEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of the Reverend T.F. Tenney, who died last week after dedicating more than 65 years of his life to the ministry through the United Pentecostal Church. Bishop Tenney began preaching at the young age of 16. He and his wife, Thetus, were elected to the pastorate when they were just 19 and 18 years old, respectively, to lead a newly formed church in Monroe, Louisiana. It was in Monroe where Bishop Tenney cultivated his leadership skills that would serve him throughout his career as he would go on to lead ministries directed toward youth, foreign missions, and the greater Pentecostal church as a whole throughout Louisiana. Bishop Tenney will be remembered as a man who took new ideas and turned them into action. That enthusiasm made him a perfect fit for youth ministry, and he served for 6 years as the youth president of the Louisiana District United Pentecostal Church and 9 years as the international youth president. In 1970, Bishop Tenney relocated to the UPC headquarters in Missouri to serve as the UPC’s foreign missions director, a position that allowed him to share his belief in Christ with the rest of the world. Bishop Tenney returned home to Louisiana to pastor a church in DeRidder. Later, he was elected as the Louisiana district director of the United Pentecostal Church, where he oversaw about 300 churches and 800 other ministers. He served in that post for 27 years before retiring to become bishop emeritus of the Louisiana district. I am proud that Bishop Tenney called Louisiana and the Fifth Congressional District his home, though we know now that he is in his true home with the Father. He was a true man of God, who touched the lives of countless people both at home and around the globe. He published a dozen books, created thousands of YouTube videos, and had a Twitter following of more than 44,000 people, all signs of the incredible legacy of the Christian devotion that he left behind. Bishop Tenney will be greatly missed, and Dianne and I will keep him and his family in our prayers. f 
HIGHLIGHTING NEW JOBS AND HIGHER WAGES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this month, the Federal Reserve estimated GDP will hit 4.8 percent in the second quarter of 2018. Under the former administration, GDP never hit even 3 percent. Thanks to tax reform and regulatory relief passed by this unified Republican government, Americans are experiencing economic expansion after 8 years of stagnation. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics: One million jobs have been created since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted—223,000 were added last month; In May, average hourly earnings increased by 2.7 percent; and Unemployment is at its lowest since 2000. The Conference Board also reports consumer confidence is at a 17year high. Democrats apparently haven’t learned the key to economic progress, promising to raise taxes if given the chance. However, tax cuts and repeal of onerous Obamaera regulations have been pivotal for our economy. Now, nearly every measure of success is in our favor. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk a little bit today about the PROSPER Act and share some articles that have been published that help explain why the PROSPER Act is so good for our country, so good for students, and needs to be passed. The first article is an article in Forbes by Preston Cooper, May 23, 2018. Mr. Speaker, I include the entire article in the RECORD . 
[From Forbes, May 23, 2018] WHATBETSY DEVOSSHOULD HAVESAID ABOUT THE PROSPER A CT (By Preston Cooper) Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos testified before the House Committee on Education and Workforce on Tuesday. Representative Bobby Scott, the Democratic ranking member on the committee, asked DeVos about his concerns with the PROSPER Act, House Republicans’ bill to reform the federal role in higher education. DeVos’ answer could have been better. Here’s how the exchange between the two proceeded: Rep. Scott: Madam Secretary, the PROSPER Act provides for a $15 billion cut in student aid, is that right? Secretary DeVos: I’ve heard that opined. I’m not sure I agree with that, but . . . Scott: Do you have another number? DeVos: Pardon me? Scott: Do you have another number? DeVos: It’s an approach to giving students much more flexibility in pursuing their higher education. Scott: $15 billion cut. Do you have another number? DeVos: I have heard that opined, that that is the case. I said I don’t necessarily share that perspective. Here’s a better answer that DeVos could have given to Scott’s question. (The below exchange, in case it’s not clear, is entirely fictional.) Rep. Scott: Madam Secretary, the PROSPER Act provides for a $15 billion cut in student aid, is that right? Secretary DeVos: That’s not quite accurate, Congressman, but it’s a common misconception. The Congressional Budget Office score of the PROSPER Act did estimate a $15 billion reduction in student aid over the next ten years, but only on the mandatory side of the budget. Democrats and many in the media latched onto this number, which appeared on page two of the score, and ignored what the other thirtyfive pages said. But as I have read the entire CBO score, I can tell you that the PROSPER Act does not cut federal spending on higher education. The PROSPER Act expands the federal government’s flagship student aid program for lowincome students, the Pell Grant. To encourage timely completion, the bill provides a $300 bonus to Pell Grant students who take on more than a fulltime course load. Most importantly, the bill makes several regulatory changes aimed at expanding both student and institutional eligibility for the program. As a result, under the PROSPER Act, an additional 1.1 million students annually would receive Pell Grants by 2027. All of these changes cost money, of course. But the Pell Grant is unique among federal programs in that it is funded partially on the mandatory side of the budget, and partially through the annual appropriations process. The $15 billion reduction in student aid that you cited, Congressman, only reflects changes on the mandatory side. If you include the estimated increase in appropriations due to Pell Grant expansion in your calculations, you’ll find that the PROSPER Act will increase, federal spending on higher education by $12 billion over the next ten years. While the PROSPER Act increases higher education spending overall, it’s true that the bill finds savings in certain areas. In a time when the national debt surpasses $21 trillion, it’s important to live within our means. Changes to student loan repayment options are the largest single source of savings in the PROSPER Act. These changes mostly focus on limiting loan forgiveness, which in practice delivers its benefits mostly to graduate borrowers with very large loans. The bill makes these changes while retaining incomedriven repayment options for borrowers to ensure monthly payments remain affordable. The PROSPER Act therefore redistributes federal funds from graduate students and those with high student loan balances, who tend to be higherincome, to the low and middleincome undergraduate students who receive Pell Grants. These priorities are also reflected in the administration’s budget proposal, which would make the student loan program more generous for undergraduates and pay for it by asking higherearning graduate borrowers to pay a little more. In conclusion, the PROSPER Act does not cut federal higher education funding by $15 billion. It increases funding by $12 billion by making new investments in the Pell Grant program for our nation’s most vulnerable 
students. Recognizing budget constraints, the bill partially offsets the cost by reining in poorlytargeted and expensive loan forgiveness programs. While I welcome debate over specific provisions of the PROSPER Act, I hope those are priorities that Democrats on the committee can get behind. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, Mr. C OOPER  explains that there is a common misconception about PROSPER that is being exploited, unfortunately, by many colleges and universities and our Democratic friends. He says: ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office score of the PROSPER Act did estimate a $15 billion reduction in student aid over the next 10 years, but only on the mandatory side of the budget. Democrats and many in the media latched onto this number, which appeared on page 2 of the score, and ignored what the other 35 pages said. But as I have read the entire CBO score, I can tell you that the PROSPER Act does not cut Federal spending on higher education.’’ ‘‘The PROSPER Act expands the Federal Government’s flagship student aid program for lowincome students, the Pell grant. To encourage timely completion, the bill provides a $300 bonus to Pell grant students who take on more than a fulltime course load. Most importantly, the bill makes several regulatory changes aimed at expanding both student and institutional eligibility for the program. As a result, under the PROSPER Act, an additional 1.1 million students annually would receive Pell grants by 2027.’’ ‘‘. . . you’ll find that the PROSPER Act will increase Federal spending on higher education by $12 billion over the next 10 years.’’ ‘‘Changes to student loan repayment options are the largest single source of savings in the PROSPER Act. These changes mostly focus on limiting loan forgiveness, which in practice delivers its benefits mostly to graduate borrowers with very large loans. The bill makes these changes while retaining incomedriven repayment options for borrowers to ensure monthly payments remain affordable.’’ b1215 ‘‘In conclusion, the PROSPER Act does not cut Federal higher education funding by $15 billion. It increases funding by $12 billion by making new investments in the Pell Grant program for our Nation’s most vulnerable students. Recognizing budget constraints, the bill partially offsets the costs by reining in poorlytargeted and expensive loan forgiveness programs.’’ I welcome the debate over specific provisions in the PROSPER Act, and I hope that those priorities are ones that the colleges and universities will get behind, and that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will get behind. 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF RUTH HENRICHS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Ruth Henrichs, a dedicated public servant from my own district in Omaha, Nebraska. Ms. Henrich’s dedication to serving all people and treating them with justice and kindness is a model for all. It was early in her career as the CEO at Lutheran Family Services when Ruth was profoundly moved by their mission statement, which is ‘‘To Express God’s Love for All People.’’ For Ruth, the most important word in that sentence is ‘‘all,’’ and for the next 41 years of service, 33 of those years as the president and CEO, this mission was Ruth’s rock. Ruth received her bachelor in social welfare in 1972 and her master of social work in 1976, both from the University of Nebraska at Omaha. When she first started at Lutheran Family Services, Ruth walked into one of the treatment facilities and saw a man with a big tattoo on his arm that read ‘‘Born to Lose.’’ Ruth wondered, how many people come here every day with ‘‘Born to Lose’’ tattoed on their heart? At that moment, Ruth realized she was born to help others. Ruth’s list of accolades and awards include: Outstanding Young Women of America, Who’s Who of American Women, Social Worker of the Year, Champion for Kids and Families’ Lifetime Service Award, Women of Distinction Award, and the Milagro Award. Lutheran Family Services of Nebraska recognized her 25 years of service by establishing the Ruth A. Henrichs Leadership Development Fund. With a passion for helping all, Ruth has served many boards and organizations at all levels, from being a member to chairperson. She has spent a lifetime dedicated to social service and her personal modus operandi: ‘‘To spend your life in service, to express God’s love for people.’’ That is what Ruth believes and that is what she has done for so long. Ruth has made a positive impact in our local community of Omaha, in our State of Nebraska and, indeed, our country. She has made an impact where it matters most, the lives of others. f 
A COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION SOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to be responsible, to be accountable to the American public, and to deliver a comprehensive immigration solution. Beyond safeguarding our borders and addressing DACA, it is the responsibility of Congress to pass an immigration bill that provides a workable visa system for our farmers and all agriculture producers back home. No one has worked harder or understands this more than my colleague and former chairman of the House Committee on Agriculture, Mr. GOODLATTE . His comprehensive immigration bill, Securing America’s Future Act, addresses this by reforming the current H–2A visa program. The bill replaces the outdated H–2A program with a new H–2C visa placing jurisdiction within the United States Department of Agriculture and the Department of Homeland Security. It also allows our farmers to access a stable supply of workers yearround, an important change for our farmers that work 365 days a year. I have worked hard on this provision with Chairman GOODLATTE , and I am thankful for the time he took to listen to our farmers back home and incorporate many of their ideas and solutions into his bill. In Kansas, immigrants make the dairy industry run, they strengthen the farms that provide food on kitchen tables across the country and across the world, and it helped the Kansas agriculture industry become the international powerhouse that it is today. Our farms, our local economy, and all the groceries you buy depend on immigrant labor. To address our current farm labor crisis, we need to create a process that is easier to navigate and allows our farmers to access the labor pool they need. This Congress has focused on keeping our promises to be accountable, and now is as good a time as any, and is actually a great time, to bring immigration to the forefront and deliver for our constituents. Leaving this to the chance of a slipshod petition with zero chance of being signed by the President is simply not a solution. I am all in on finding solutions, and while I certainly understand the complexity of this issue, this Congress has proved it can move mountains when, just a few months ago, we passed historic tax reform. And we can tackle our Nation’s immigration policy by working together. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major General Joseph Martin, who serves as the Commanding General of the 1st Infantry Division back at Fort Riley, Kansas. I have had the pleasure of working with General Martin and his wife, Leann, over the past year and have found them to be exceptional assets to Fort Riley, as well as the entire community. Although I am proud of their new journey, I was sad to hear they will soon be departing for a new post. General Martin graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1986, alongside another fellow Kansan, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. General Martin was commissioned as an armor officer and, after graduation, served in a variety of troop assignments, including leadership within the Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command in Iraq, where he partnered with Iraqi and Allied Forces to liberate Mosul. Most recently, he served as the Commanding General for 
the National Training Center at Fort Irwin, California. As Commanding General of the 1st Infantry Division, General Martin has worked to build readiness among his troops, and continues the partnerships with area communities and organizations to support his soldiers and their families during their time at Fort Riley. General Martin has excelled at each post he has served in, and will continue to do so at his next assignment at the Pentagon this June. My wife, Laina, and I would like to be the first to welcome General Martin, his wife, Leann, and family to the East Coast. We commend them for their service to our Nation and wish them and their family the very best of luck at their next post. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BANKS of Indiana) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You once again that we, Your creatures, can come before You and ask guidance for the men and women of the people’s House. Send Your spirit of wisdom as they face this day with difficult decisions to be made, determining among competing interests to appropriate funds for the programs required to serve the needs of our Nation. As voters in many States go to the polls today, bless our citizens with wisdom as well, and a purity of intention to weigh in on those issues of great import in these times. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done here this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
LIVING HISTORY LIVE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, an extraordinary highlight for me on Friday was to live a momentous historic event live on FOX News with the talented Harris Faulkner. During a scheduled interview on the upcoming North Korean talks, it became a prelude for the breaking news of the North Korean envoy arriving at the White House to deliver the letter to President Donald Trump from Kim Jongun. The past year has been a success for President Trump. We were awaiting delivery of a letter to the White House instead of a threatened delivery of a North Korean missile to vaporize the patriotic American territory of Guam. Beginning with the selection of Vice President MIKEPENCE , the President has capable associates to work for peace through strength, including Chief of Staff John Kelly, Secretary Mike Pompeo, Ambassador John Bolton, and Ambassador Nikki Haley. American families are safer today, and the China model for North Korea is available for working with America, maintaining its leadership while its citizens are enriched. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations, Harris Faulkner, on the book out today, ‘‘9 Rules of Engagement: A Military Brat’s Guide to Life and Success.’’ 
EMERSON RYAN FOOTE HAS ARRIVED (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on the rainy, dreary early morning of this past Sunday, at 1:56 a.m., June 3, a bright beam of hopeful light burst through the darkness. Her name is Emerson Ryan Foote. June 3 is also the birth date of her mother, my former chief of staff, Gina. This new miracle of birth is the best birthday present a mother could have: a tiny baby girl. Emmie, as she will be called, was born here in our Nation’s Capital, Washington, D.C. Parents Gina and Tucker Foote are proud of their new 7pound, 2ounce blessing from God. Every time a new life is brought into the world, we are reminded of all that is good and right. Mr. Speaker, the miracle of birth is the happiest day of the year. Emmie was born in the most marvelous and free country on Earth, America. I know her wonderful parents will instill a love of liberty, justice, and courage, for one day, her small little hands will shape our future. Every time a child is born, God smiles and makes a bet on the future of all of us. So happy birthday, Emmie, and happy birthday, Gina. And that is just the way it is. f 
SCOUT EXECUTIVE JOHN CARMAN RETIRES (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great citizen of Arkansas and one of the pillars of Scouting in our State, John Carman. John is retiring after 21 years of service as the Scout executive of Quapaw Area Council. He is the longest serving Scout executive in the history of the council. During his tenure, John played an instrumental role in more than doubling the council’s territory, currently encompassing over half the geography and half the population of the State of Arkansas. Also, under John’s leadership, the Quapaw Area Council, for the first time ever, was recognized as a Gold Level Council by the Boy Scouts of America’s Journey to Excellence program, the highest award a council can earn. After a 35year career as a professional Scouter, John and Mary plan to move to Louisville, Kentucky, and spend more time with their beautiful family. My congratulations to John on an incredible career and best wishes for his future endeavors. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO PENNSYLVANIA’S STUDENTS AT CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize six high school honors students from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District chosen to represent the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania as delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. The following students were selected to attend the event, which will take 
place June 25 to June 27 in Lowell, Massachusetts: Tessa Anderson of Clarendon, Taylor Grove of Mount Union, Daniel Headrick of Corry, Serena Clarke of Warren, Selena Foster of Sheffield, and Monica Scotto of DuBois. These outstanding students were required to achieve a 3.5 GPA to be nominated for this prestigious honorsonly program by their teachers or the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. The event aims to encourage and guide the top students in our country who hope to become physicians or medical scientists. Chosen delegates at the congress represent all 50 States and Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate these students on this tremendous accomplishment, and I wish them the best of luck as they continue their path to leading our Nation’s medical profession. 
HONORING RETIRING TSA DEPUTY ADMINISTRATOR ROD ALLISON (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Roderick Allison, Acting Deputy Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration, who recently announced his retirement from TSA after 33 years of government service. Mr. Allison’s career began in 1985 with 13 years in the U.S. Army at the National Security Agency and 7th Special Forces Group. In 1998, Director Allison’s career with the Federal Air Marshal Service began when the program was part of the FAA. Following the events of 9/11, Mr. Allison returned to the Federal Air Marshal Service and has served with distinction in several critical roles throughout TSA, including Acting Administrator, Acting Chief of Staff, and Acting Chief of Operations. Since becoming Director of the Federal Air Marshal Service in May of 2014, Mr. Allison has been widely recognized for his resolute leadership, integrity, and commitment to the mission of TSA and the Federal Air Marshal Service. He truly is a leader among leaders. He has established a lasting legacy, both through action and mentorship, that will continue to have a positive impact on TSA and Federal Air Marshal Service personnel for many years to come. Thank you for your service, Mr. Allison. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Chairman BISHOP has just provided an accurate statement of the economic rationale for the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act, H.R. 5956. The Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act will allow the Marianas economy to continue growing so there is ample opportunity for new business investments and for jobs. I want to use my time simply to emphasize that this bill is about jobs—jobs for U.S. workers in my district. The bill contains new requirements to ensure that no U.S. worker is ever passed over for a job and that wages and working conditions for U.S. workers are always maintained and protected. It ensures the fees employers pay are put to effective use, providing better training and apprenticeship opportunities for U.S. workers. The bill encourages the continuing conversion of the Marianas economy to one in which, numerically, U.S. workers are predominant. That is why the legislation is titled the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. That is a statement of our purpose and our goal. I say ‘‘our purpose’’ because this legislation is the product of a bipartisan and bicameral working group. It included Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member GRIJALVA , their committee leader counterparts in the other body, the Judiciary Committee representatives, and myself. We began in late 2016 working first on the legislation that became Public Law 115–53. It was not easy finding common ground among such a diversity of views. But by listening to each other and because we share a common concern to better the lives of Americans—even Americans in the faraway Marianas—we succeeded in agreeing on this second bill, the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act, a very good bill with very good policy. As a Delegate, Mr. Speaker, I cannot vote for this bill. I can, however, give my vote of thanks to Chairman BISHOP  because even a good bill with good policy has to navigate the twists and turns of the legislative process. And without the chairman’s leadership, we might not be here on the floor today considering the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. I thank the gentleman and leadership on both sides of the aisle, whose attention and cooperation helped me bring this bill to the floor, and thank all of the working group members who helped the people of the Northern Marianas by working with me to draft this legislation. Lastly, I thank my constituents. Over the last 10 years, they have shared their own experiences with me and given me their ideas on what Federal policy would best fit our islands. I listened to them and spoke for them, and we have incorporated their experiences and their ideas into the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. I believe my constituents’ needs are well represented because this legislation has the full support of the Marianas Governor, the legislature, the business community, and the men and women who meet and talked with me in everyday life. In closing, I ask my colleagues for their support of the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act. Seeing no other speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands for helping me with this particular bill. I am very grateful also to Governor Torres of the Commonwealth and to the business community there. I think we have found a practical solution to a real problem that could create harm for this Commonwealth. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of that area. I visited it once, and I hope to go back there again and notice the economic growth that continues there in the Northern Marianas. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5956. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NORTH COUNTRY NATIONAL SCENIC TRAIL ROUTE ADJUSTMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1026) to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1026 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjustment Act’’. 
Neither the Secretary of Agriculture nor the Secretary of the Interior may acquire for the North Country National Scenic Trail land in Minnesota or Vermont that was obtained through condemnation by a State or local government. 
Nothing in the amendments made by this Act that change the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in Minnesota or Vermont shall prohibit the development, production, conveyance, or transmission of energy in those States, with reasonable efforts made to preserve the nature and purpose of the North Country National Scenic Trail, and to mitigate any damage to that trail and its associated resources caused by such activities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The North Country National Scenic Trail is about 4,000 miles and links scenic, national, historic, and cultural areas across seven States. It goes from basically North Dakota through New York and will eventually end up in Vermont. The issue at hand here is a section in Minnesota which is about 93 miles that has not been built because it is a swamp. You can’t build it there. b1645 So what this would do—and it is strange we have to pass legislation to do it—is simply authorize to build a trail and go around the swamp which may add some additional miles to it, maybe around 400. It also authorizes at the other end about, maybe 66 miles of potential road from Vermont so that they can all connect to the Appalachian Trail which will create one of the most significant trails, the longest trail that we have to be able to use in this country. I should say the National Park Service has studied this, they have approved it; and nonetheless, it is still a good idea. I urge its adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BISHOP for his thoughtful 
consideration of this legislation and his very apt, clear, and concise explanation of what it does. I also want to thank our ranking member, Mr. GRIJALVA , and thank the bipartisan sponsorship for this legislation adjusting, expanding, and finishing off this great North Country National Scenic Trail. As Chairman BISHOP explained, it starts up here at Sakakawea State Park and then travels all the way through the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, Superior National Forest through Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, New York, and Pennsylvania, all the way up to beautiful Lake Champlain and will connect with the great Appalachian Trail, which my family and I have enjoyed hiking on as well in years past. So I want to now note with gratitude the fact that virtually all—I am not sure everyone—but most all of the Members, Democrats and Republicans, whose district this trail goes through are cosponsors on the legislation. It enjoys wonderfully good bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, there are millions of people in this country who really enjoy hiking and the camaraderie, the exercise, and all the good things that go along with that. So with this in mind, Chairman BISHOP has already explained the fact that it gets us through this 100 miles of bog. Hats off to the State and local officials and the private landowners. All have agreed to do this without any cost to the public and without any exercise of eminent domain. Also hats off to the volunteers who enjoy so much of this hiking. I have actually worked on some of the trails myself. Of course, coming out of the sawmill and the pallet construction business, why, I feel pretty good with an ax, a hatchet, and a chain saw, so I have been out myself and volunteered my services to expand these trails. So with that in mind, I want to thank my good friend from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) for his work, help, and support in bringing this trail all the way up to that beautiful Lake Champlain and then connecting it with the great Appalachian Trail as well. I think it is important to note that this legislation is not just about trails. It is about good jobs, and it is about good economic development. The fact is that there are millions of Americans who are out here hiking on these trails all the time. They get hungry and they get thirsty. They want to stop somewhere, have a refreshment, have a bite to eat, and support all the local restaurants. Secondly, hiking causes some exertion, which is why it is good exercise. So they get a little tired along the way, and they want to stop and spend a night or two in local hotels along the way. Of course, they also need some additional equipment or repairs or a new pair of shoes. The American Hiking Society has determined that, applying the multiplier effect here, this reaches and results in about $196 billion a year and supports about 768,000 jobs. I explained here how that happens. So along with the goodpaying jobs, there is this enormous health factor. Experts are telling us now that our youth have a nature deficit in their thinking. In fancy terms it means the kids just don’t get out enough anymore. One study indicated that each day the average kid spends 7 minutes outdoors and 7 hours in front of a computer or a TV screen. So we need to get our kids outdoors so they can learn the values and appreciation of the great outdoors. They are probably not going to get a chance to spend any time at Walden Pond, but we can get them out and exercising. So it is a good bill for economic health; it is a good bill for business and economic development. I want to again thank the chairman for his support in his committee for this legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Minnesota for introducing this bill. As he said, the North Country Trail is really a gem that goes across seven States. But I take particular interest in it because the 173 miles that we are adding today are so close to the State of Wisconsin. I know there are many outdoor enthusiasts in my district for whom it is very important to do what they can to complete the North Country Trail. As was mentioned right now, to go through the trail you would wind up in an area that would be very difficult to get through. So I am sure there is an economic benefit to this to Minnesota, but to me far more than the economic benefit is the huge benefit so many of our American citizens take and experience in the outdoors, particularly in the area that is relatively undeveloped. I encourage passage of the bill. Add the new 173 miles. I am sure there are plenty of constituents in Wisconsin’s Sixth Congressional District who look forward to walking across each one of those miles. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands has 15 minutes remaining. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the distinguished gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) such time as he may consume. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands and my cosponsor, the lead sponsor, Mr. NOLAN . I also want to thank Chairman BISHOP . Chairman BISHOP , I want to thank you as well. You did something for us in Vermont with the Missisquoi River, and everything is working out. You had your same skepticism of certain agencies, but Vermonters are very grateful. You helped us then, and you are helping us now. I will take issue with a little thing you said. You presented the fact that this is going to go into Vermont. I heard it as an afterthought. I may be a little sensitive, but the whole point of walking 4,600 miles is to get to Vermont. That is what it is about. This is covering all these States, starting up in the Plains and coming around that bog hopefully, and it is going to connect up to the Appalachian Trail that not only runs through Vermont, Mr. NOLAN , but runs by my house. I am going to wave to you next year when you have the time of being a retired Member of Congress and you are marching across that trail, when you get to Vermont, we are going to say hello and invite you in. The points you made are true. The economic benefit of this is really substantial. It gets people out and around and into the communities. The spinoff economic benefit is very substantial. In Vermont, our whole trail system, which we are very proud of, as I note you are in Minnesota, we estimate that about one in seven Vermont jobs depends on outdoor recreation, about 51,000 jobs and about $5.5 billion in consumer spending. And that is a big deal. The other point you alluded to is something I really think is important. It is good for the bottom line, but it is good for the soul: the camaraderie, the family participation, the connection that people have to where they live and the beauty of where it is they live. It is interesting you have got sponsors from all of the States through which this trail goes, and it didn’t matter if it was Republican or Democrat because all of us have so much engagement with our citizens and ourselves where they have a sense of place in that location where the trail goes through their land, and they get out there, like you say, with the chain saws, and the amount of volunteer work that goes into making these trails passable in winter and summer is extraordinary. So this whole effort on this trail and in all of our trails is something that I think Congress should be doing as much of as it possibly can. It is good for the economy, it is good for the heart, and it is good for the soul. This is very, very important to us in Vermont. The Appalachian Trail goes through part of Vermont. The Green Mountain Corridor goes through all of Vermont, and we have a number of other trails that sometimes link up with snowmobile byways, some of which go across the land my wife and I own. And your legislation I think is building on a very, very ambitious and wonderful trail, the North Country National Scenic Trail. When you think about it, a person— you showed it on the map—can walk all that way. Do you know what? There are people who are going to do it. They are doing the Appalachian Trail, they 
are doing the Pacific Coast Trail, and it becomes a lifetime effort for them. They plan it, and they arrange with friends to meet and do it. Whether you can do all of it, like Mr. BISHOP probably could, and you could, or some of it, which I could do, it is an opportunity out there that awaits us, our kids, our grandkids, and future generations. So, Mr. NOLAN , I have got to say that it has been an enormous pleasure to serve with you in Congress. You are one of the most direct and forthright people whom I have seen here. I think as a piece of legislation to pass upon the soon departure of your second round here in Congress, this is really something that generations of Americans, generations of Minnesotans, and generations of Vermonters are going to have very, very fond feelings, look back and thank you, RICKNOLAN , for taking up the leadership on this tribute to our land and to our people. I want to thank you for letting me be part of this effort. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will gently remind Members that they need to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of this legislation. I just want to say if it is really 4,600 miles, then that is the equivalent of a round trip between San Francisco and Honolulu, a distance which I frequently fly and don’t actually enjoy sitting down. Mr. Speaker, at this time I have no further speakers. I ask for support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to have been able to work on a bill that makes the assumption that someone actually does want to walk to Vermont. If indeed you can find that individual, we will provide an opportunity for it to take place. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have five legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1026, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. SUSQUEHANNA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2991) to establish the Susquehanna National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2991 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act’’. 
The authority of the Secretary to provide assistance under this Act terminates on the date that is 15 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. b1700 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ), the author of this particular bill. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, but, more importantly, for moving this bill through committee and allowing it to be brought up for a vote today on the floor. I rise today as the lead sponsor of H.R. 2991, the Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act. I am glad the House is taking up this important bill with bipartisan support from the Pennsylvania delegation. The concept of the bill is simple. It would make two counties in Pennsylvania, Lancaster and York Counties, both located in south central Pennsylvania, a national heritage area. National heritage areas are a congressional designation where ‘‘natural, cultural, historic, and recreational resources form a cohesive, nationally distinctive landscape arising from human activity shaped by geography,’’ which describes this area very well. According to the National Park Service, there are currently 49 national heritage areas in 32 States. I am very proud of the natural beauty that we find in our Pennsylvania communities, particularly in these two counties. We want to ensure we maintain that safe and clean environment into the future for residents and visitors. The Susquehanna River and its surrounding landscape have played a starring role in American history. Our region’s heritage reflects events and causes that exemplify the American experience, many flowing from the central historical role of the river. Along the Susquehanna, a tradition of public and private collaboration has 
helped our region prosper from heritage and outdoor tourism, and this national heritage area designation will attract more visitors, stimulate our local economy, and preserve natural resources and historical landmarks. I want to thank the countless local officials and Members of Congress who have worked on this legislation for many years. Without their tireless work and the sustained input and support from the residents of York and Lancaster Counties, we would not be here right now. This was a bottomup effort led by grassroots support from these communities. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a list of the dozens of local organizations that support this legislation. 
The following local organizations support the Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act: Amishview Inn & Suites/Miller’s Smorgasbord/Plain & Fancy Farm; Borough of Columbia; Bube’s Brewery; Colony Packaging & Machine; Downtown Inc.; Discover Lancaster; Farm & Natural Lands Trust of York County; Historic Preservation Trust of Lancaster County; Historic York, Inc.; Lancaster Chamber of Commerce & Industry; Lancaster County Board of Commissioners; Lancaster County Conservancy; Lancaster County Parks & Recreation; Lancaster County Planning Commission; Lancaster Farmland Trust; Landis Valley Museum. LancasterHistory.org; Long Level Marina; Northern York County Historical & Preservation Society; PPL Corporation; Pennsylvania State Grange; Preservation Pennsylvania; Rivertownes PA USA; Shank’s Mare Outfitters; Susquehanna Glass; Susquehanna Valley Chamber of Commerce; York County Board of Commissioners; York County Convention & Visitors Bureau; York County Department of Parks & Recreation; York County Economic Alliance; York County History Center. 
Mr. SMUCKER. Again, I urge passage of H.R. 2991. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill to establish the Susquehanna National Heritage Area in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Seen as ‘‘a new kind of national park’’ that leverages publicprivate partnerships with a focus on regional economic development, the first national heritage area was signed into law by President Ronald Reagan in 1984. Since then, Congress has authorized many successful heritage areas throughout the country, and this model makes a lot of sense for certain regions. However, it has been a while since the House passed a standalone bill to establish a new national heritage area, so this is an encouraging sign. We appreciate the renewed interest in national heritage areas, particularly since some of my fellow Democratic colleagues have introduced heritage area proposals. We are eager to bring those proposals forward as well. That said, this is a good bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support its adoption. The communities of Lancaster and York Counties have clearly demonstrated that their region deserves recognition as a national heritage area. I would like to congratulate Representative SMUCKER for his leadership on this proposal and Chairman BISHOP for guiding this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am in favor of this particular bill. Heritage areas have been, for us, somewhat problematic in the past. There have been some of those who have looked simply on the Federal Government as a deep pocket to be robbed and used year after year after year. Some of them have ignored private property rights. Some of them have actually superseded legal governments’ prerogatives and initiatives. In each of these areas, Mr. SMUCKER  has done an incredibly good job to make sure those problems will not exist. The idea of simply being a funnel for money is not necessarily a part of this particular bill, and he has specifically included the rights of property protection in this bill. What Mr. SMUCKER has done here is a national heritage area done the right way for the right purpose and the right intent, and I hope, because of the way he has done that, it will not tend to be a problem in the future as heritage areas are relooked at and renewed at some particular point. I want to commend him not only for taking up the specific issue that is important to his area, but for doing it the right way. That is why I am very happy to support this particular piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, again, I encourage support for this bill, and having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask my fellow Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2991, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF JAMES WELDON JOHNSON BIRTHPLACE Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5005) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5005 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY OF JAMES WELDON JOHNSON BIRTHPLACE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is a fairly significant but straightforward bill. It simply is asking for a study on the potential of including James Weldon Johnson’s birthplace as part of our national park system. Mr. Johnson was a leader in the civil rights movement of his time. He had many talents. He was a diplomat, executive director of the NAACP, the first African to be a member of The Florida Bar. He has also written songs. Having a special place in history, it is appropriate that we simply direct the National Park Service to investigate the possibility of adding this to the historical sites of significance within the Park Service system. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. LAWSON ). Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman 
BISHOP for moving this fine bill through his committee. James Weldon Johnson was born in 1871 in Jacksonville. This is very significant and probably should have been done many years ago for his contributions to education and the accomplishments he was able to make throughout his life. He also was not only the first African American admitted to The Florida Bar but also the first African American to teach at New York University. I think most significant was that he was appointed by President Roosevelt to serve as a dignitary to Venezuela and Nigeria. His accomplishments are revered by everyone in the United States. He was a great writer. In fact, when he wrote ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice and Sing,’’ he wrote it to celebrate President Lincoln’s birthday. His brother later put it into lyrics. It was adopted by the NAACP as the Negro national anthem. Ever since I was small, we would hear ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice,’’ ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice.’’ Little did we know that ‘‘Lift Ev’ry Voice’’ would be presented at every festivity and graduation throughout America, at football games and everywhere, because of Mr. Johnson’s contributions. I feel very honored to have this historic site among our Park Service so people can know the history of James Weldon Johnson, not only in the Jacksonville community but throughout America. I think it would be fitting that many people have the opportunity to visit his birthplace to see the contributions he has made. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Representative LAWSON ’s bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson, located in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System. James Weldon Johnson was born in Jacksonville to immigrant parents from the Bahamas. He went on to become a respected lawyer, educator, and writer. President Theodore Roosevelt appointed James Weldon Johnson as U.S. Consult to Venezuela and Nicaragua during the early 1900’s. I applaud my colleague Representative LAWSON for introducing legislation to honor the first African American executive secretary of the NAACP. I support passage of H.R. 5005. Mr. Speaker, if the gentleman has no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5005. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
CAMP NELSON HERITAGE NATIONAL MONUMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5655) to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5655 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), whose bill this is. It is an excellent piece of legislation. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5655, the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Act, which would establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in Jessamine County, Kentucky, as a unit of the National Park Service system. I would like to especially thank the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, for his support of this legislation and for guiding us through this process and bringing it to the House floor. Throughout my time in Congress, Mr. Speaker, I fought to bring national attention and recognition to Camp Nelson, a site that has the ability to unite our Nation and inspire a greater understanding and appreciation for Civil War history, African American history, and a compelling story of the struggle for freedom. 
Camp Nelson was founded in 1863 as a Union Army supply depot, training center, and hospital for the Federal Armies in Kentucky and Tennessee. The camp, located in southern Jessamine County, Kentucky, covered 4,000 acres, with over 300 buildings and fortifications. It housed 2,000 to 8,000 troops, over 1,000 civilian employees, and, after 1864, over 3,000 African American refugees. The existing site contains several important Civil War resources that demonstrate the cultural and historical themes prominent at the time. The most significant aspect of Camp Nelson’s history was its role as the third largest recruitment and training center for U.S. Colored Troops and home to many of their families. Because of its proximity to the Confederate States, African American men fled to Camp Nelson to enlist and escape slavery. Because the Emancipation Proclamation did not apply to Kentucky, a slaveholding border State not part of the Confederacy, Camp Nelson represented for a time the only avenue for Kentucky slaves to achieve emancipation. b1715 By the time the 13th Amendment was ratified and ended slavery in 1865, 70 percent of Kentucky slaves had already been emancipated, largely in part because of the efforts made at Camp Nelson. Today, the site at Camp Nelson retains rich archeological evidence, including several earthen fortifications and other original landscape features dating back to the Civil War encampment. Camp Nelson is recognized as a National Historic Landmark, a key requirement in the process of being included as a unit of the National Park System. It is also part of the Civil War Discovery Trail and the National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom. Additionally, Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke has recommended that this site become a national monument. I want to thank Secretary Zinke for his personal attention to this effort and for his support and recommending to the President designating Camp Nelson as part of the National Park Service. Camp Nelson has proven its ability to unite the people not just of Jessamine County and the Commonwealth of Kentucky, but of the Nation as a whole. Even further, it has the potential to convey nationally significant information about the survival and persistence of African American soldiers and their families as they fought for their freedom. Over the past few years, I have met with stakeholders and descendants of those who lived and worked at Camp Nelson. It is apparent that this site, based on their testimonies, is important not only to the history of the Commonwealth, but to the history of our Nation. I would like to thank these local stakeholders who shared their stories and educated me and my staff about the significant contributions of this historical site. Their advocacy and support effectively demonstrated the positive local sentiment about Camp Nelson. Specifically, I would like to thank Reverend Robert Gates, Sr., the pastor of the historic First Baptist Church of Camp Nelson. His greatgreatgrandfather on his mother’s side was the Sergeant Reverend Jesse Tull, Sr., who was a member of Company C, 119th U.S. Colored Infantry and made great contributions at Camp Nelson. Also, Reverend Moses Lee Radford, pastor of the Nicholasville First Baptist Church; the County Judge Executive David West; former County Judge Executive Cassidy, who was a major contributor to acquiring the land for the county and preserving the history there; Dr. Stephen McBride, director of interpretation and archeology at Camp Nelson Civil War Heritage Park; and Mrs. Mary Kozak, special projects director for Jessamine County, Kentucky, who has worked tirelessly for about 20 years preserving the history of Camp Nelson. I also want to thank several others who contributed greatly to our efforts and assisted in gaining support for this effort, including Governor Matt Bevin; the Jessamine County Fiscal Court; the LexingtonFayette NAACP chapter; the Jessamine Chamber of Commerce; the Kentucky Historical Society; and my colleague Congresswoman MARCIA FUDGE from Ohio, among others. It is one of my goals in Congress to make Camp Nelson a place where the entire Nation can experience the rich history it has to offer and appreciate the amazing story it tells about the long march toward freedom for African Americans in Kentucky and beyond. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5655 designates the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in Kentucky to preserve the historic resources of Camp Nelson and its role in the American Civil War. Camp Nelson was founded and constructed by Major General Ambrose Burnside. The camp served as a supply depot for the Union Army during the Civil War and supported frontline efforts against the Confederacy. Camp Nelson was different from other military outposts because it was one of the largest recruitment and training centers for African American soldiers during the Civil War. In fact, thousands of slaves who fled to the camp with their families later enlisted to protect the freedoms we enjoy today. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of this legislation. Having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this, to me, is an important piece of legislation, not just for the history of it, as an old history teacher, but this Camp Nelson is currently a county park known as the Camp Nelson Civil War Heritage Park. In 2008, it was added to the National Park Service’s National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom. In 2013, it was designated as a National Historic Landmark. More important than that, this is one of those areas which deserves to be a national monument, and what we are doing is the way national monuments should be created in this country. It has been an open process. We have had hearings. We have had open debate. There has been input from the local community. This is how Congress should be creating national monuments, not only now but in the future as well. So I am very grateful for that. It is a bill that has been properly drafted and properly vetted, and we are going through the process in the way the Constitution required for Congress to make these kinds of designations. For that reason, I am extremely proud of this particular piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for all the effort and the work he has put into doing this the right way. I urge my colleagues to support this particular measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5655. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ROUTE 66 NATIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL DESIGNATION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 801) to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 801 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD), despite the fact that he used to be a member of our committee and abandoned us, for which he will never be forgiven. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, as a former member of the Committee on Natural Resources, I want to thank the gentleman for his support, his assistance, and his friendship in helping to bring H.R. 801 to the floor here today. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 801 is the Route 66 National Historic Trail Designation Act, and we are happy to have it here today on this floor. I also want to thank my friend and Democratic colleague, Congresswoman GRACE NAPOLI TANO of California, for introducing this legislation along with me. Through our combined efforts, we have successfully built strong bipartisan support for this particular bill. I am proud to represent Illinois’ 18th Congressional District in Congress, especially given its rich American history. H.R. 801 focuses on a small piece of that, Route 66, also commonly known or referred to as the Main Street of America or the Mother Road. As many know, Route 66 spans eight States and runs from Illinois to California. Also of note, Route 66 will celebrate its 100th anniversary in 2026. In my district, Route 66 passes through places like Lexington, Illinois; Towanda; BloomingtonNormal; Atlanta; Lincoln; Elkhart; Springfield; and stretches into the northern part of our State near Chicago. Route 66’s impact on small, rural communities in Illinois and across the country cannot be understated. For example, both Atlanta, Illinois, and Springfield, Illinois, have benefited from the recent renewed emphasis on Route 66. In Atlanta, we have seen an increase in tourism to the area. As a result, we have had an increase in sales tax revenue. In Springfield, which is our State capital, we have seen revitalization in several parts of town. These are just two examples, but I can say with confidence that the highway’s significance has become a key driver of attracting both domestic and international tourism as well as local economic activity for the areas and States that many of us in Congress represent. On any given day, you will find people flying into Chicago, into O’Hare Airport, and renting motorcycles or cars or getting on buses and driving along this iconic roadway through America. It should also be known that the Federal Government already recognizes the importance of Route 66. The highway currently benefits from the National Park Service’s Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program, but this program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. My legislation, H.R. 801, is simple and straightforward and improves upon current efforts. If signed into law, it will designate Route 66 as a national historic trail, ensuring that the National Park Service will have the authority to assist and support States and local communities in preserving, promoting, and economically developing Route 66 for generations to come. Importantly, in 1995, a Route 66 special resource study was conducted by the National Park Service, as authorized by Congress. The study determined that Route 66 meets the criteria in the National Trails System Act for designation as a national historic trail. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  10 letters of support from Route 66 associations and organizations across the country which back the legislation. OCTOBER 11, 2016. Re Route 66: The Road Ahead Partnership TOWHOMITMAYCONCERN : I am pleased to write this letter of endorsement on behalf of the Route 66 Alliance in support of Route 66 being designated as a National Historic Trail. The Route 66 Alliance, based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, is committed to the preservation and marketing of the entire 2,448 miles of historic Route 66. Its key role in the development of the United States is beyond question. And efforts in Tulsa have begun in earnest to highlight this iconic road, and the important role that Tulsa played in its development. Recently, the Mayor of Tulsa established a Route 66 Commission to oversee the enhancement, development, visitor experience, and revitalization of the authentic Route 66, twentyfour miles of which pass through Tulsa County. This Commission, which I chair, is comprised of City Councilors, County Commissioners, business owners, Main Street Program directors, and other passionate supports of the Mother Road, all committed to maintaining and enhancing this culturally significant treasure. Since 1999, when the National Park Service established the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program, tremendous progress has been made in revitalizing significant historic properties all along the road. This in turn has lead to increased tourism, both national and international, as well as enhanced economic vitality in these communities. Despite its reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Establishing Route 66 as a National Historic Trail will ensure a federal focus that will continue the work of the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program for generations to come. Thank you for your consideration. Kind regards, KENBUSBY , Executive Director & CEO. 
SEPTEMBER 19, 2016. This letter is to indicate the National Historic Route 66 Federation’s support for the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. Beginning in the 1920s, Route 66 built a robust economy in the regions it passed through by serving the travelling public with restaurants, motels, gas stations, stores and entertainment. However, it was doomed by progress. In the mid 1950s, it began to be replaced by interstate highways. By the mid 1980s it was no longer a Federal highway. Motorists chose the multilane, high speed interstates over the two lane, slower speed highway, and numerous businesses—even entire towns—closed down. Then, in 1999, the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote the historic road. This program has been an important catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor. It has resulted in the restoration of many historic properties, increased tourism and contributed to significant economic growth. The continuation of these economic benefits may be in jeopardy, however. Despite its reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preservation Program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the communities, businesses, nonprofit organizations, and state 
agencies to help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66. Sincerely, DAVID KNUDSON , Executive Director. 
OCTOBER 1, 2016. The Route 66 Association of Illinois supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the ionic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available to Heritage tourism. In 1999 the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, and this has assisted with the domestic and international tourism destination. Illinois has benefitted from 26 of these grants since 2001. These grants, totaling over $248,000.00 were all matching grants that benefitted businesses and communities throughout the entire state. The continuation of these economic benefits is in jeopardy. The Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset (end) in 2019. Securing the National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of The Corridor Preservation program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the communities, nonprofit organizations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover America. The National Trail will provide a cohesive experience along the route, assisted by the individual state associations and byway programs. The Route 66 Association of Illinois strongly supports this designation. CATHIE STEVANOVICH , President, Route 66 Association of Illinois. 
ROUTE 66 A SSOCIATION OF MISSOURI , February 6, 2017. The Route 66 Association of Missouri supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail at this time but reserves the right to amend our decision when other details become available. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of 66 and maximize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as an economic engine since the 1920s. It brought significant commerce in serving the travelling public with restaurants, motels, gas stations, and merchandise. Unfortunately, it was eventually replaced with the interstate system. As a result, many communities, businesses, attractions, and individuals suffered economic loss. In 1999 Congress created the Corridor Preservation Program to help revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating Route 66, helping reinvent the road as a domestic and international tourism destination. The Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a Federal focus on Route 66 that will help preserve and promote Route 66 and its historic role in developing America through strong partnerships between the National Park Service and the communities, nonprofit organizations, and state organizations along this important historic road.’’ National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant economic and cultural benefit. Accordingly, the Route 66 Association of Missouri supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. Sincerely, TOMMY G. P IKE, President. 
SEPTEMBER 20, 2016. The Kansas Historic Route 66 Association supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as a true economic engine since the 1920s. First it brought significant commerce in serving the travelling public with restaurants, motels, gas stations, and merchandise. Unfortunately, it was soon replaced with the interstate system and the communities that are located along the 13.2 mile stretch in Kansas such as Galena, Riverton and Baxter Springs suffered economic loss as a result. However, in 1999 the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, reinventing the road as a domestic and international tourism destination. This has resulted in: Tourism visits both foreign and domestic Sales tax revenue Grants for revitalization of the Phillips 66 Visitor Center, Rainbow Bridge and the Galena Viaduct Established museum or tourism center Opened new businesses like Cars on the Route, Angels on the Route and Cafe ´on the Route Festivals Bus tours, Motorcycle tours and Bicycle tours Protecting our historic resources, establishing Historical Districts and placing Icons on Historical registers The continuation of these economic benefits may be in jeopardy, however. Despite its reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preservation Program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the communities, nonprofit organizations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover America. National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant benefit to our 13.2 miles of Route 66 in Kansas and the communities along that route. We strongly support designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. Sincerely, RENEE CHARLES , President, Kansas Historic Route 66 Association. 
APRIL 28, 2017. The New Mexico Route 66 Association strongly supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail Memorializing Route 66 as a National Historic Trail will provide much needed support to preserve and promote iconic features of Route 66 in New Mexico, as well as across the other seven states through which the Mother Road runs. In 1999, the U S. Congress authorized the National Park Service to create the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road This Corridor Preservation Program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, helping to reinvent the road as a domestic and international tourism destination However, with that program scheduled to sunset in 2019, the virtually unanimous congressional support for the internationally popular road will not be sustained Although Congress reauthorized the tenyear Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program in 2009, we are told that another reauthorization is unlikely The National Historic Trails program, with assured permanent funding and connection with many other historic corridors will sustain federal focus and provide a far more secure and more broadly supportive haven. We are totally dedicated to the preservation, promotion, and enjoyment of the historic corridor in New Mexico and are committed to helping insure that National Historic Trail designation will continue the work of the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program. In the process, a Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among communities, nonprofit organizations, and state organizations such as our New Mexico Route 66 Association that help preserve and promote Route 66. Warmly, MELISSA LEABEASLEY . 
OCTOBER 3, 2016. The Oklahoma Route 66 Association supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as a true economic engine since the 1920s. First it brought significant commerce in serving the travelling public with restaurants, motels, gas stations, and merchandise. Unfortunately, it was soon replaced with the interstate system and Oklahoma Route 66 communities suffered economic loss as a result. However, in 1999 the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for thereinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, reinventing the road as a domestic and international tourism destination. This has resulted in Overnight tourism visits Sales tax revenue Grants for revitalization of many places and signs Bus tours Protecting our historic resources Assisted city governments with revitalization projects The continuation of these economic benefits may be in jeopardy. Despite its reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preservation Program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the communities, nonprofit organizations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover America. It also creates an updated version of the trails program with the inclusion of a more modernday trail. National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant benefit to the Oklahoma Route 66 Association. We strongly support designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. Sincerely, BRADNICKSON , President, Oklahoma Route 66 Association. 
[From Arizona’s Historic Route 66 National Scenic Byway Program, May 30, 2017] 
INITIATIVE  On behalf of the Arizona Historic Route 66 National Scenic Byway Program, a Route 66 community’s grassroots collaborative, I appreciate this opportunity to show support for the Historic Route 66 National Trails Initiative. We believe this allimportant, nonpatrician initiative is key to the successful preservation, protection, and promotion of America’s most iconic route into the future. We appreciate you sharing our letter of support with the appropriate entities. As you know, Historic Route 66, dotted with mom and pop businesses, neon signs, and eclectic roadside attractions tells the story of America’s historical move west. Contrasted with the other highways of its day, the creation of this 2,448mile ‘‘super highway’’ in 1926 did not follow a traditionally linear course. Instead its diagonal path linked hundreds of rural communities across eight states and became the principal east west artery making it the Main Street of America. Like the country that the road traversed, history was made and imprints were left by the Roaring Twenties, the Great Depression, the war years, and the road trips of the fifties and sixties Recognizing the significance of Route 66 as an economic driver and historic treasure, in 1999 the U.S. Congress authorized the National Park Service to create the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program. This program has guided the eight states through historic preservation projects, and reestablishing the Route as a oneofakind travel experience. It has also opened lines of communication between communities as well as between states and other key component for future successes. Gratefully Congress reauthorized the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program in 2009, but this standalone program is once again due to end in 2019 and there is still much work to be done. Exploring a more secure future for Historic Route 66, it became clear early on that Route 66 would be a perfect addition to the National Historic Trails Program adding an American treasure to the collection, and opening new avenues for continued historic preservation and promotion of Route 66. The Arizona National Scenic Byway Program is committed to making this important initiative become a reality for the future of our communities and attractions. SHARLENE FOUSER , Byway Coordinator, Arizona’s Historic Route 66 AllAmerican Road. 
SEPTEMBER 26, 2016. The Old Route 66 Association of Texas supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. This designation will provide much needed support to preserve the iconic features of Route 66 and maximize the benefits available through heritage tourism. Route 66 has served as a true economic engine since the 1920s but when it was replaced with the interstate system in the 1970s, the Texas Panhandle from Shamrock to Glenrio was changed forever. However, in 1999 the National Park Service created the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, reinventing the road as a domestic and international tourism destination. For Texas’ stretch of Route 66 this has resulted in— increased visitation, especially from international tourists. increased local and state sales tax revenue. new and reopened businesses along the route. regional and national festivals along the route. bus tours including Texas in their Route 66 itineraries. cooperative marketing amongst federal, state and local organizations. increased awareness of protecting our historic Route 66 resources. The continuation of these economic benefits may be in jeopardy, however. Despite reauthorization by Congress in 2009, the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is scheduled to sunset in 2019. Securing National Historic Trail designation will permanently ensure a federal focus on Route 66 that will continue the work of the Corridor Preservation Program. A Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among the communities, nonprofit organizations, and state agencies that help ensure visitors have the best experience possible when traveling Route 66 to discover America. National Historic Trail designation for Route 66 will be of significant benefit to the Texas Panhandle. The Old Route 66 Association of Texas strongly supports this designation. Sincerely, DORAMERONEY , President, Old Route 66 Association of Texas. 
OCTOBER 1, 2016. The California Historic Route 66 Association strongly supports the designation of Route 66 as a National Historic Trail. This national commemoration will provide much needed support for preserving and promoting iconic features of Route 66 in California, as well as across the other seven states through which the Mother Road passes. In 1999, the U.S. Congress authorized the National Park Service to create the Route 66 Corridor or Preservation Program to revitalize and promote this historic road. This program has been a significant catalyst for reinvigorating the Route 66 Corridor, helping to reinvent the road as a domestic and international tourism destination. However, with that program scheduled to sunset in 2019, the virtually unanimous congressional support for the internationally popular road will not be sustained. Although Congress reauthorized the tenyear Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program in 2009, we are told that another reauthorization is unlikely. The National Historic Trails program, with assured permanent funding and connection with many other historic corridors will sustain federal focus and provide a far more secure and more broadly supportive haven. We are totally dedicated to the preservation, promotion, and enjoyment of the historic corridor in California and are committed to helping insure that National Historic Trail designation will continue the work of the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program. In the process, a Route 66 National Historic Trail will promote collaboration among communities, nonprofit organizations, and state organizations such as our California Historic Route 66 Association that help preserve and promote Route 66. Sincerely, GLENDUNCAN , President, California Historic Route 66 Association. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, with that, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ) will control the rest of the debate for the minority. There was no objection. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 801, which establishes Route 66 as the 20th national historic trail as part of the National Trails System. I want to thank my colleague, Representative LAHOOD, for introducing the legislation and letting me be a cosponsor. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member G RIJALVA  for their support in moving this bill through the committee. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. LAHOODstated, it is an economic boon for the cities that have Route 66. It runs east and west through my district, known as Foothill Boulevard and Huntington Drive, in the cities of La Verne, San Dimas, Azusa, Duarte, and Monrovia. In fact, one of my cities is already highlighting and doing celebrations of Route 66. At swap meets, they are already selling Route 66 Tshirts and paraphernalia. Our local restaurants, our shops, our businesses, like so many others dotting the highway from the heartland to the West Coast, provide rest breaks for travelers, allowing them to sample the local flavors of communities that are proud to be connected by the iconic road. H.R. 801 is needed because the current preservation under the Route 66 Corridor Preservation Program is expiring in 2019. So we need to, under H.R. 801, continue to recognize and promote Route 66 through the national historic trail designation, which will bring Federal resources for the rehabilitation and improvement of this Mother Road. It runs from Chicago all the way to Santa Monica in the State of California. We have cities that are very excited about being able to celebrate it in the 100th year. This Federal assistance will be used in coordination with cities and stakeholders for the preservation of property, artifacts, memorabilia, and other historical items. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 801, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my support to this particular bill. We are talking about 2,400 miles going from Chicago to Santa Monica. It was, at one time, called the Main Street of America. It is unique in American history. I was just talking to the sponsor of this particular piece of legislation who does not remember the TV show. I still remember ‘‘Route 66’’ as one of my favorite shows. I still want to go on that route and in the same Corvette that they had. Mr. Speaker, if others are too young to remember that, learn history. That is why we are history teachers around here. I will yield to Mrs. NAPOLITANO to ask if she remembers the show. 
b1730 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, yes, I do. Not only that, but I remember the song that included Route 66. He will remember that, if he is young enough. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, it is running through my head right now. This is a good piece of legislation. This is more than just nostalgia. This actually helps preserve our history. It is the right thing to do. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 801, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FREE VETERANS FROM FEES ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3997) to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3997 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Free Veterans from Fees Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLI TANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the author of this particular piece of legislation. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I also thank the chairman, as well as members on the Subcommittee on Federal Lands, especially Chairman TOMMCCLINTOCK , for their unanimous support of my bipartisan bill, the Free Veterans from Fees Act. I would also like to thank my colleague, the Congresswoman from Hawaii, TULSI GABBARD , in coleading this bipartisan effort. Throughout the year, veteran groups visit our national war memorials to take part in honor buses and honor flights and other commemorations that require special use permits issued by the National Park Service. The permit application requires, without exception, that a fee be submitted along with the completed permit application. Specifically, here in our Nation’s Capital, The National Mall charges $120 for public gatherings and special events. The Free Veterans from Fees Act would waive the application fee associated with special use permits for any veteran demonstration or special event at war memorials on Federal land. We have a solemn obligation to stand with our veterans. They stood for us. We must stand for them. This simple bill is about fostering a culture in which all veterans are valued for their service and sacrifice to our country. The least we can do is to make it easier for groups of veterans and their families to visit national war memorials so they can honor the contributions of our men and women in uniform. I have the privilege of serving the many military members and veterans who live and work in western Pennsylvania. Many of these veterans come together to help their fellow veterans and their families by pooling their time, energy, and financial resources to organize bus trips. In fact, a recent trip from western Pennsylvania happened just this past month. I had the privilege to welcome these veterans and their families to the World War II Memorial here in Washington, D.C. This honor bus was organized by a remarkable couple, Jerry and Lydian Fisher of Beaver County, who have a heart for service and a real commitment and devotion to these trips since 2006. Veterans want to help each other, and this is proof. I consider it a privilege to meet the men and women whom Jerry and Lydian bring to Washington. On the most recent trip, we even welcomed a 100yearold World War II veteran, Charles Wiggins from Wilkinsburg. The men and women who are willing to die for this country should be given every opportunity to commemorate their service, the sacrifices of their fellow servicemembers, and the hardships faced by those left behind. Assessing fees from the very people these memorials were built to honor is unacceptable and unnecessary. Our veterans were willing to stop at nothing to defend our Nation. We, as a nation, should stop at nothing to ensure our obligation to honor them is fulfilled. Our veterans deserve this legislation. It is just one more simple step to honor them. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3997 waives the special use permit application fees for veterans’ demonstrations and special events at national war memorials. I agree with my colleague. It is time that we recognize that our veterans deserve to be able to use this holy land for special events at national war memorials. This is a commonsense bill that will make it easier for veterans’ groups to organize events at national memorials and other public lands. I thank Mr. BISHOP from the majority for helping us work to ensure that the bill covers Gold Star families. I thank him very much for that. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this is a very good piece of legislation. For those who have served well, to subject them to another application fee is just ridiculous. If there was ever an example of a good idea, a nobrainer piece of legislation, this is it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, our veterans, our servicemembers, and their families sacrificed greatly in service to our country, with some paying the ultimate price, sacrificing all. For those who do come home, there are often visible and invisible wounds that they carry with them for a very long time—if not for the rest of their 
lives. It is our solemn responsibility as a country to stand by them, to ensure that they receive the care and the services and the respect that they have earned and that they deserve through their service. So the fact that, today, a veteran or a Gold Star family member who wants to use a national war memorial for a special event—whether it is a vigil, a religious service, a parade, or any other kind of event—is slapped with an application fee by the National Park Service costing anywhere from $70 to over $100 is, frankly, unacceptable. Our war memorials are often a place of healing, a place where our brothers and sisters in uniform, our fellow veterans, gather to remember those whom they served with who never made that trip home, for Gold Star family members to go and pay homage to and share new memories with their loved one that has been lost. This is a gathering place that is so important both for those who have served and those who remember and honor those who have sacrificed everything. It is unacceptable that our Nation’s heroes have to pay a fee to honor our fallen brothers and sisters in this way. This legislation is necessary, and we have the opportunity to get it passed today. I appreciate the leadership of my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), someone who I know personally is deeply committed to serving and honoring our veterans and never forgetting the cost of war and who pays the price. We introduced this legislation to waive the application fee for veterans and Gold Star families applying for a permit at war memorials on Federal land because this legislation honors the special bond between veterans that spans across conflicts and generations that we see displayed in this country, most prominently on Veterans Day and Memorial Day, but something that goes on throughout the year. We must continue to honor this into the future. This simple change in this legislation will lift this financial and bureaucratic burden that our veterans face as they pay their respects, remember the lives and sacrifices of their friends, and our Gold Star family members of their loved ones. I want to thank the men and women of the National Park Service who work to make sure that our war memorials are kept up and reflective places for healing, and I thank my colleague for his leadership and the support of the committee to bring this bill to the floor today. I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, we have no more speakers, but may I add that I agree with what Ms. GABBARD  said. It is unnecessary to bill any kind of fee to our veterans or the organizations that honor them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3997, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. REED) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 231. 
SUSQUEHANNA NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BERGMAN ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2991) to establish the Susquehanna National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 373, nays 9, not voting 45, as follows: [Roll No. 232] YEAS—373 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Buck Garrett Gosar Griffith Jones Massie Sanford 
Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bilirakis Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Ca´rdenas Cummings Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham, M. McNerney Noem O’Rourke Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Richmond Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rosen Sa´nchez Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Swalwell (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1905 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CAMP NELSON HERITAGE NATIONAL MONUMENT ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5655) to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 376, nays 4, not voting 47, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bilirakis Black Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Ca´rdenas Collins (GA) Cummings Denham Duncan (TN) Ellison Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hunter Issa Lieu, Ted Lujan Grisham, M. McNerney Noem O’Rourke Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Richmond Roby Rohrabacher Rokita Rosen Sa´nchez Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Swalwell (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1913 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, June 5, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and was unable to make votes that evening. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 231, H.R. 5005—To direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System; rollcall 232, H.R. 2991—Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act; and, rollcall 233, H.R. 5655—Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Act. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 2846 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 2846, a bill originally introduced by Representative Farenthold of Texas, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NORMAN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
b1915 PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPONSOR OF H. RES. 282 Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the primary sponsor of H. Res. 282, a resolution originally introduced by Representative DENTof Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings, pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. 
RECOGNIZING SAVE DURING PRIDE MONTH (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate Pride Month, I would like to congratulate SAVE, SAVE, an organization in my congressional district that works around the clock to promote, protect, and defend LGBTQ equality. For many years, I have been proud to partner with SAVE to create much needed public understanding of gender identity and, hence, foster an even more inclusive south Florida community. This Friday, June 8, this wonderful organization will host its 25th anniversary gala, where it will honor the 2018 equality champions: Miami Beach Police Chief Daniel Oates and the head of business operations of our very own Miami Heat, Eric Woolworth. It is because of groups like SAVE, champions like Daniel and Eric, and committed individuals throughout our communities that we will guarantee that our American values of freedom and opportunity are shared by all. So, thank you, Daniel and Eric; and thank you to my pal and SAVE’s Executive Director, Tony Lima, and to the entire SAVE team for all that you do to promote LGBTQ inclusion and make our slice of paradise in south Florida an even better place in which to live. 
GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize June as Gun Violence Awareness Month and to ask my colleagues across the aisle: How many lives must we sacrifice at the altar of the gun lobby before Congress says enough is enough? I saw in the news today that David Hogg, one of the Parkland survivors, wore a price tag instead of his tassel to his graduation. It is said that he is worth about $1.05. That is how much David calculated the NRA spent per student to help elect an NRAaligned United States Senator in Florida. Mr. Speaker, our children deserve more. Mr. Speaker, our children are worth more. The NRA spends millions of dollars in our elections, but all the American people get is ‘‘no Republican action’’— NRA—because that is what the gun lobby pays for. Well, Mr. Speaker, our young people know what is up, and they are registering to vote because they know they are worth more than just a dollar and a nickel. 
FIGHTING ALZHEIMER’S (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, 5.7 million Americans cope with Alzheimer’s every day. Every 65 seconds, another American contracts the disease. It is the sixth leading cause of death in our country, and twothirds of its victim are women. Alzheimer’s is a very progressive disease where dementia symptoms gradually worsen over a number of years. We don’t yet have a cure for Alzheimer’s, but we’re helping provide the resources now to find that cure. The recent budget that we just passed includes a $414 million increase in funding for research into Alzheimer’s, for a total of $1.8 billion. I am also proud to be a cosponsor of the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, a bipartisan bill which dedicates new resources to the fight against Alzheimer’s, because it is time, Mr. Speaker, we put an end to a disease that is costing Americans $277 billion every year. f 
GUN VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize National Gun Violence Awareness Month and the 33,000 American lives lost each year to gun violence. These tragedies are preventable, Mr. Speaker, and it is truly shameful that Congress has yet to take meaningful action to address this epidemic. Even more appalling is the fact that 1,300 of these deaths are children, young lives cut short by meaningless and avoidable violence. Last month I introduced the Child Gun Access Prevention Act, which would prevent children from accessing guns by holding gun owners responsible when they leave their firearms unlocked. Millions of children live in homes with unsecured guns, Mr. Speaker, and they are at an increased risk of unintentional shootings and youth suicides. We have also seen the devastation caused when a child takes a parent’s gun to school with the intention of causing harm. A child should never access a gun unsupervised. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. We absolutely must do more to protect our children from gun violence. 
LOPEZ MEXICAN RESTAURANT (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I know the people watching back home can’t see my tie, but this tie is a tribute to great Mexican food. It has tortilla chips, a bowl of queso, and jalapenos. Why do I have on this special tie? It is a tribute to a Fort Bend icon: Lopez Mexican Restaurant. The husband and wife to my left, Rodrigo and Bertha, started Lopez in 1979. They were joined by their kids: Jonathan, Jose, and Ana. Lopez was always full. We prayed a new one would open. Those prayers were answered last month. The second Lopez opened next to another Houston icon: Mattress Mack. For 40 years, the Lopez family has had one solemn promise: Every day, and for generations to come, the restaurant will focus on service, value, and cleanliness to ensure the guest always leaves satisfied. Those promises have been kept. ‘‘Welcome to your new home,’’ ‘‘bienvenidos a su casa nueva.’’ f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, in our increasingly competitive world, a 4year college may not be for everyone, but a postsecondary education has to be. As we address this reality, it is vital that we recognize the vital role of career and technical education. That is why I am proud to have served as the Democratic lead on the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act and to have worked with my colleagues from both parties throughout this process. Our bill will bring the Carl D. Perkins grant program into the 21st century by increasing funding and bringing educators and business leaders together to develop curricula to prepare students for indemand fields. The House passed this bill unanimously last year, and now I want to encourage the Senate to take up this legislation. Through investing in our citizens and our economy, this bill will help families across the country join and stay in the middle class. 
NEW YORK’S RUN FOR THE FALLEN (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, it is vitally important to remember the sacrifices of America’s fallen servicemembers and their families every day. Today I rise to recognize a special tribute to those who paid the ultimate sacrifice. This weekend, the New York Run for the Fallen will travel across the 22nd District to pay homage to our Nation’s fallen heroes. The run seeks to honor the families and the sacrifices of those who answered the call to serve our great Nation. Leading the charge in our community is Kristi Mangine, an advocate for our veterans and member of the 
Colgate University community. She is also a core runner for the New York chapter and has recruited a number of members of our community to participate in this great tribute. The event is a 175mile run across the State of New York, each mile representing one hero killed who served during the war on terror, including Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation Enduring Freedom, and Operation New Dawn. I would like to thank Kristi Mangine and those involved in this year’s run for inviting me to participate in this important event to honor those who paid the ultimate sacrifice in our Nation’s longest running overseas conflict. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to also join us, as well as any community members who have a moment to pick up a time slot for one of our fallen heroes and give them a special tribute to their sacrifice. 
DEFENDING OUR COAST (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve policies that will protect our planet, keep loved ones healthy, and preserve access to clean air, water, and land for future generations. Lately, there has been a relentless assault on the environmental policies that were crafted to protect us, including the commonsense prohibition of offshore drilling in the Atlantic. Despite the Defense Department stating that offshore drilling may impede and hamper military readiness activities, the American people were told that our oceans were open for exploitation. Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable. That is why, today, I introduced the bipartisan Defend Our Coast Act with my friend, Congressman WALTER JONES of North Carolina. The Defend Our Coast Act will prohibit the Department of the Interior from issuing leases for the exploration, development, or production of oil and gas on the Outer Continental Shelf in the midAtlantic. Prior tragedies such as Deepwater Horizon’s oil spill proved that drilling accidents can be dangerous, expensive, and lifethreatening. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to bring the Defend Our Coast Act up for a vote. Offshore drilling negatively impacts our coastal communities. It is not worth the risk. Let us commit ourselves to leaving the Earth a healthier and safer place for future generations. 
RECOGNIZING CASS COUNTY SHERIFF’S DEPUTIES (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, every community has peace officers who put their lives on the line every day to protect their communities, and we don’t say thank you nearly often enough. Today I rise to recognize four very special school resource deputies of the Cass County Sheriff’s Office who have been given the Model Agency Award, which is the top honor that is given by the National Association of School Resource Officers. This award recognizes the work of law enforcement officers who promote safer schools and safer children, and they singled out the Cass County program as ‘‘a shining example of the school resource officers program.’’ The deputies work with students at Kindred, Maple Valley, Central Cass, Northern Cass, and Mapleton Elementary Schools. Supervised by Sergeant Tim Briggeman and under the command of Captain Jesse Jahner, the deputies are Jason Scott, Joe Crawford, Chris Potter, and Dan Hermann. Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney calls these officers the ‘‘best of the best.’’ On behalf of all North Dakotans, I congratulate them and thank Sheriff Laney and his entire staff for the high bar of excellence they deliver in serving all the citizens of Cass County. f 
b1930 HONORING THE LIFE OF TARA ROE SMITH (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Tara Roe Smith. Tara attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. She lived in Okotoks, Alberta, Canada, where she was a wonderful mother to her two kids, Lennon and Louis, and was a loving wife to her husband Zach. Tara was a hard worker who modeled with Sophia Models International, worked as an educational assistant with children with autism, and was about to be promoted to be a manager at a restaurant where she was a waitress. Tara was very active and loved dancing, swimming, and being at her favorite summer spot, Clear Lake. Going to the Route 91 festival was an annual tradition for Tara and her husband. They would be there every year to celebrate their anniversary. Tara was dedicated to her community, and if she had survived, her husband has no doubt that she would have done everything she could to help those who were victims of the Las Vegas shooting. She was a very caring spirit who greeted everyone with a friendly face. I would like to extend my condolences to Tara Roe Smith’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. REPEAL FEDERAL EXCISE TAX ON HEAVY TRUCKS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on behalf of a bill I have introduced, H.R. 2946, which would repeal the burdensome 12 percent Federal excise tax on heavy trucks, known as the FET. It was first created to help fund World War I—that is right, World War I, 100 years ago. The antiquated FET is the highest excise tax levied by the Federal Government today. The financial and regulatory burdens created by the FET hurts truck retailers, drivers, and businesses across the country. It depresses the market for newer heavy duty trucks, which are cleaner, more efficient, and everybody in government seems to be clamoring for them to be replaced for those reasons. A repeal of this outdated legislation would seek to promote the use of more modern trucks on our roads—again, something government seems to want and demand. By incorporating this repeal effort into any future infrastructure funding measure, Congress can rebuild our Nation’s crumbling road system while ensuring our commercial truck fleet is both cleaner and safer. I urge my colleagues to support inclusion of this bipartisan bill and repeal the FET, which only hampers economic growth and discontinues truck replacement, which is what everybody seems to want. 
BENEFITS OF TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD on this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, when I last had the honor to host a Special Order, the House was debating the merits of tax reform, and in that debate, supporters of the tax reform promised higher wages, a stronger economy, greater opportunity, and shared prosperity. Six months after President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law, the results are in, and we can now confidently say that the days of a weak and sluggish economy are behind us. America is again a rising Nation. America is again a Nation where families are able to keep more of what they 
Let me share that I have read the Book of Revelation. This is no Armageddon. This is a historically strong economy fueled by tax cuts and regulatory reform. Mr. Speaker, America is back. We are open for business, and Americans will continue to benefit from the pro growth conservative policies of President Trump and this Republican Congress. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I yield to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ). Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and thank him for his leadership in leading this discussion tonight. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor this evening to discuss the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As a CPA, I knew that reforming our broken Tax Code would make us competitive in a global economy and would lead us to jobs and prosperity for the American people. I saw firsthand the old Tax Code was a nightmare to comply with, adding excessive time for companies and individuals alike to file. b1945 Doubling the standard deduction and streamlining the alternative minimum tax are just two examples within the legislation to simplify the taxpayer experience for millions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, the rhetoric around here and in the press can get out of hand at times, so let’s take a look back at some of the biggest claims about the bill and what the reality is. One of the most common claims I have heard as a Representative from Kansas was that this act was simply the Kansas tax plan on steroids, but that was never the case. Where Kansas eliminated income taxes on certain businesses, the Federal act simply reduced taxes on all businesses at a comparable rate to other businesses. With the new Federal rates, all businesses, regardless of size, continue to pay Federal income taxes, just at a lower rate. In fact, the truth is, instead of breaking the bank, thanks to this bill, the State of Kansas is seeing new revenue to the tune of nearly $140 million or more a year. Mr. Speaker, another one of the most egregious claims was the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would raise taxes on the middle class. Not only was this claim debunked by fact checkers, here is what the reality is in my district. A typical family of four in my district is seeing a Federal income tax cut of just over $2,200. This is on top of bonuses paid and utility companies, like Westar Energy and Kansas City Power and Light Company, announcing they would lower utility rates as a result of this tax reform. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, there were claims made that companies would keep the benefits of tax reform and not use it to grow jobs or wages. I would like to share with you an example from my district, which sets the record straight on this notion. The Lawrence Paper Company, which employs hundreds of workers across three locations in Kansas and Nebraska, has recently committed to increasing their posttax reform investment to $13 million in equipment. The company’s president attributes this increased investment as a direct result of the lower taxes and favorable business climate generated by the recently enacted tax reform. Couple that fact with the same company’s employees receiving hundreds of large bonuses that went toward recovering holiday expenses, paying down bills, or reinvesting in their local community, and my point is even more clear. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is putting more money in Kansans’ pockets and creating a system that allows our businesses to compete in a global marketplace. I could not be more pleased that Kansans and Kansas businesses are doing their part to get my State and the national economy moving again. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her expertise and testimony. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to speak this evening about the positive effect the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has had back in Arkansas’ First District. Major industries, businesses, and families are already experiencing financial relief and enjoy having a few more dollars in their pockets. Agriculture is the number one industry in my district and in the State, adding around $16 billion to the Arkansas economy each year. Considering this, it was imperative that we pass a tax reform package that brings relief to farmers and ensures the next generation will be able to transition into the industry. The old adage that farmers die land rich but cash poor presented a serious problem under the previous estate tax exemption. Farming families often struggled to pass the business from one generation to the next. However, by doubling the estate tax exemption in H.R. 1, we are able to bring muchneeded support to farming families as they cope with the loss of a loved one and a new generation takes over the farm. Businesses in my district have also experienced savings from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that they passed along to their customers and employees. Because of the lowered corporate tax rate, Entergy Arkansas, which provides electricity to all of the counties in my district, reduced rates for residential and business customers. Ryder truck rental, which has locations in Jonesboro and Stuttgart, provided a onetime bonus to eligible employees. In February, Walmart, which has several locations throughout the State, increased the starting wage rate for all employees to $11 an hour, expanded maternity and parental leave benefits, and provided a onetime cash bonus to eligible employees of up to $1,000. Most important are the savings Arkansas families will see from taking home more of their hardearned paychecks. A middleincome family of four in Arkansas will see a tax cut of $1,900. That is almost $2,000 extra to spend at businesses throughout the State. I am proud to go home to my district and tell my constituents that I voted ‘‘yes’’ on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because Arkansas farmers, businesses, and families are already benefiting from this legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana for the opportunity to speak tonight in the House Chamber on what the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has had across our country and, particularly, in the Second Congressional District of Arkansas. Like for most Americans, Arkansans are actively benefiting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, signed by President Trump at the end of last year, through lower withholding rates—all Americans should check your check and look at the difference in withholding this year versus last year—a streamlined tax filing process, a doubled child tax credit, a doubled standard deduction, Mr. Speaker, that now says 9 out of 10 Arkansans living in the Second District can file a simple tax reform and not have to go through the paperwork of itemizing, and flexibility in tax advantaged savings for their kid’s education has expanded to K through elementary and high school. This helps our families, Mr. Speaker. I hear numerous examples from Arkansans and business people across the district of how they are seeing that benefit manifested besides the changes in their paycheck. My friend, Mr. CRAWFORD , referenced Entergy Arkansas. All C corps that are utilities in this country are required to share the benefits of our tax cut directly with the households in their electricity bills and their gas bills. Those rates are falling directly proportionate with the reduction in tax cut rates to the point that Arkansans will save about $20 a month on a typical electrical bill. I had a woman write me just a few months ago, right after the law passed, saying that she checked her check in February on withholding, and she found that the change in withholding now paid for the health insurance premium that she is covering for her daughter. These are not crumbs, as alleged by certain leaders in Washington. These are dollars our families get to spend in a way that benefits them. A local banker in my district announced $500 bonuses for each of their 800 employees, Mr. Speaker. That is 
real money, in addition to the tax savings. That executive at the bank said: 
The tax reform has created the opportunity for us to reward our employees who are working hard each day to both serve our customers and enrich relationships in our communities. 
Those are not crumbs, Mr. Speaker. And to make a statement like calling you keeping more of your money crumbs, that just shows you how out of touch some political leaders are up here in the beltway. Real families in Arkansas and across our country want to have more income for our families. Our businesses want more money to invest because if we invest money, we grow our companies faster. We add employees, and we boost the GDP. We are part of that American Dream that we are witnessing with the lowest unemployment rates in decades, the highest optimism in decades. Arkansans and Americans should know that House Republicans are working hard on policies to complement the tax reform package to help them keep more of what they earn. I commend my colleagues for the work that we have done to bring American families and businesses tax relief. For years to come, there will be benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It was a long wait for 30 years to get this change, but it is reminiscent, back in 1963, of President John Kennedy when he argued for tax cuts, stating the goal is to achieve the most prosperous, expanding economy. Exactly right, President Kennedy. House Republicans share that vision, and we have set a foundation for communities across the country to reap the benefits of their hard work and their contributions to our Nation. These reforms are not only good for our families, they are necessary for faster economic growth. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ). Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Louisiana for hosting this very important discussion about the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. As has been mentioned many times in the last several presentations, there is no question that the tax reform plan passed in this Chamber and in the Senate and signed into law by President Trump is working. Because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the economy is taking a turn for a brighter and much more prosperous future. Americans are getting to keep more of their hardearned paychecks. More jobs are being created, and wages are on the rise. Since tax reform was signed into law, the good news keeps coming for hardworking Americans. American businesses are more empowered to invest in their workforces, expand their operations, and simply give back to their communities. In fact, more than 500 businesses, and counting, have increased wages, improved employee benefits, or awarded bonuses. In Arkansas, the impact is very tangible. My friend from the Second District, FRENCH HILL, talked about what Entergy Arkansas has been able to do by providing energy customers across our State with $466 million in credits towards the cost of heating and cooling their homes. Families in my district—Arkansas’ Third—are seeing their taxes go down by nearly $2,000 on average, and Third District companies are benefiting Americans nationwide. My friend from Arkansas, Mr. CRAWFORD , talked about Walmart. Walmart is headquartered in my district. It increased its starting hourly wage to $11 for more than 1.5 million U.S. associates. The company also expanded parental leave benefits, provided a onetime cash bonus for eligible employees of up to $1,000, and is now empowering its employees to obtain a college education. All of this made possible by something as simple as allowing companies, businesses, and individuals to keep a little more of their hard earned money. Tyson Foods in my district, America’s market leader in protein production, headquartered in Springdale, is also using this bill to invest in its people. Tyson Foods provided a onetime bonus to more than 100,000 team members of between $500 and $1,000. So you can see, Mr. Speaker, thanks to tax reform, there is, indeed, a greater optimism about the Nation’s economic future. This fact was confirmed by the Congressional Budget Office’s annual baseline, which echoed this apparent optimism. As a direct result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, CBO expects that employment will rise, wages and income levels will increase, and potential output will grow. Now, who can be opposed to that? Even more good news. Unemployment, as has been mentioned, is at an 18year low, and CBO expects businesses will continue to invest in the economy and, over the next 11 years, create nearly 1 million new jobs. Mr. Speaker, I was a proud supporter of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and I am proud of the benefits it has brought to the American people. I look forward to witnessing its longlasting benefits for America. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for hosting this. Also, it is an honor to follow my three colleagues from Arkansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, specifically in the Fourth District of Arkansas. One of the greatest advantages that H.R. 1 provides residents of Arkansas’ Fourth District is an increased standard deduction of $12,000 for single filers and $24,000 for joint filers. In my district, 81.5 percent of residents choose the standard deduction when filing their taxes, and they will now be taxed on a smaller portion of their income. In addition, the child tax credit has been doubled to $2,000 and made partially refundable, a boost for lowincome families. Those who itemize their deductions will find most of their previous options still available, including the interest deduction for most mortgages, capital gains deductions, and deductions for charitable contributions. An overwhelming number of low and middleincome Arkansans have benefited from the first major tax reform in 36 years. At the same time, these changes have simplified our complex tax laws and encouraged businesses of all sizes to invest in their communities. b2000 Many have committed to increasing wages, paying bonuses to employees, and reinvesting in American jobs and infrastructure, as my colleagues have previously mentioned. Businesses in Arkansas are thriving, and the biggest concern that I hear right now are where do they find labor. We have got a low unemployment rate and there is a huge competition for labor in my district. H.R. 1 also maintained the Federal historic tax credit that was originally championed by Ronald Reagan. Cities, like my hometown of Hot Springs, have relied on the historic tax credit to revitalize downtowns and create jobs. This tax credit has been used to refurbish, revitalize, and reinvigorate properties and communities across the Fourth District of Arkansas and across the country. This not only brings economic prosperity back to these towns and back to these historic areas, but it allows us to keep our history alive for future generations. Passage of tax cuts and the continuation of the Historic Tax Credit will continue to propel the economy of Arkansas and the country forward. I am proud to have supported it and proud to stand up with my colleagues from The Natural State and around the country to praise its benefits. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for putting this together tonight. Mr. Speaker, Iowa’s economy is humming, paychecks are growing, employers are hiring and investing, unemployment is low. Not too long ago, during National Small Business Week, I visited with the Urbandale Chamber of Commerce to talk about the benefits of the new Tax Code. A small businessowner told me: ‘‘When the new income tax calculations came out, my employees all asked why their paychecks were bigger.’’ The businessowner told them it was because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. They thought there was a mistake. 
But, no, this is real, and workers are feeling the benefits of the tax relief law. A constituent from the Des Moines metro area called the office one day to share with us that his monthly income had gone up $300 because of tax relief. That is real money to Iowans. A resident of Council Bluffs shared he was receiving over $100 more in each paycheck, which he and his wife are using to make their car payments. It is helping Iowans. A small brewery in Glenwood, Iowa, in Mills County called Keg Creek is expanding their operations and investing in new equipment as they grow. A manager at Jethro’s BBQ in western Des Moines said: ‘‘Our employees are bringing home more money. Everyone across the board is taking home more money. I can’t be more clear about that.’’ He continued: ‘‘It is helping the people that work for us.’’ Mr. Speaker, the new tax law is helping people across the Third District, throughout all of Iowa, and the country. We see this reflected in data and we just heard it through testimonials. Since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was passed, 1 million jobs, we have heard, have been created; unemployment is at the lowest rate in 50 years; and for the first time in 17 years, twothirds of Americans say it is a good time to find a quality job. Consumer confidence is the highest it has been in nearly 2 decades. Compensation increases for workers at small businesses are at the highest level in 20 years. Average hourly and weekly earnings are 3.4 percent higher than this time a year ago. We hear the statistics, because the evidence is clear, and we hear the voices of our constituents telling us this as well. Our progrowth policies, tax relief, and commonsense regulatory reform are working. I look forward to seeing our economy continue to grow and flourish and to see American workers and their families continue to thrive. Allowing workers to keep more of their hardearned dollars is simply the right thing. And when you do the right thing, good things happen. Good things are happening in Iowa because of this tax relief. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend from Louisiana, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping families and businesses in my home State of Kansas and throughout our country. Since Republicans in Congress and the President enacted tax reform, 400 companies have announced $4 billion in bonuses and investments, impacting 4 million workers. In my community, Spirit AeroSystems announced new investments in training and technology. Fidelity Bank announced $1,500 bonuses for its 400 Wichita area employees. Cox Communications announced up to $2,000 bonuses for its 900 area employees. Recently, small businessowner Bob Aldrich of railroad car parts supplier, Wichita Railway Services, gave his employees $3,000 to $6,000 bonuses, the largest in the country, thanks to the new law. In addition to the bonuses and the new jobs being created, 90 percent of Americans began seeing more monthly takehome pay in February. For Kansans, that meant a middle class family of four will see a tax cut of nearly $2,300. These numbers are not crumbs. No, they are not crumbs at all for millions of families across the country. And despite those doomsday predictions, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already boosting our economy. Just last week, the unemployment rate fell again to 3.8 percent, the lowest in 18 years. And when families and businesses file next year under the new Tax Code, hardworking Americans will keep even more of their money. In fact, Wichita tax accountant Archie Macias analyzed his clients’ 2017 tax returns and found that approximately 95 percent of his clients will pay less in taxes next year due to the new law. These numbers are staggering. But behind all of these statistics are people. Whether it is a small general aviation parts manufacturer in Newton or a wheat farmer in Pratt, Kansans from all backgrounds and in all sectors are seeing growth in our economy once again. Republicans are delivering on our promise to cut taxes and cut regulations, and I look forward to continuing our progrowth agenda to help American workers and their families. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and all my colleagues who have participated tonight in this Special Order. I have spoken quite a bit, we all have, about the national benefits of tax reform, because I think the wage increases and the job creation and the business investment and the consumer confidence should not be ignored, and I am so grateful that has been highlighted tonight. But I also want to talk about what tax reform means to our folks back home in Louisiana and in my Fourth Congressional District. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce predicted that enacting the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would lead to the creation of more than 13,000 jobs in Louisiana and effectively give middle class families in our State a raise of roughly $2,000. But I would like to highlight the benefits the U.S. Chamber specifically predicted for my constituents in the 15 parishes, or counties as they are known everywhere else in the country, in northwestern and west Louisiana. That is my district. We have over 53,000 taxpayers in the Fourth District of Louisiana that will be able to claim a larger child tax credit, just by one example. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act increased the child tax credit from $1,000 per child to $1,600 per child. Nearly 50,000 taxpayers in the Fourth Congressional District derive their income from small businesses, and we know the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act reduces taxes for small businessowners. Everyone ultimately will benefit from that. For small businessowners, tax reform implements a new, lower, 9 percent tax rate on the first $75,000 of net business income for owners earning less than $150,000. Tax reform reduces taxes on small business investment overall by creating a new 25 percent small business tax rate. Over 4,000 taxpayers that used to have to pay the alternative minimum tax will no longer have to do that. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as we know, eliminated the AMT. Even the stress that comes from filing taxes is now going to be reduced. What used to take many, many hours for most Americans has now been reduced substantially. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act doubled the standard deduction, meaning that many taxpayers will have much simpler returns to fill out now every year and could potentially even file their returns on a document the size of a postcard. Yes, it is true. And 6 months after enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the good news just keeps coming in. We can scarcely keep up with all the happy headlines that have come out of this. That is exactly what we hoped, exactly what we predicted, and it is all coming to pass. But rather than just talking about the sum of the benefits, I would like to talk about a specific success story, because when we relate this to real people and what it means to real, average, everyday, hardworking Americans, that is where we understand the real benefit. I want to talk about the success story of Canal Coffee shops, owned and operated by Bossier City native Rodrick James. Starting in 2016, Mr. James and Priscilla Mayfield opened their anchor store in downtown Kinder, Louisiana, and quickly saw success in the coffee shop and light lunch business model. Remarkably, Mr. James built his business from the ground up without taking a small business loan. He expanded his business to include shops in Oberlin and Shreveport, Louisiana. And now with the implementation of progrowth policies, Mr. James has announced that he plans to open a fourth and then a fifth store in the very near future. The selfdescribed entrepreneur is anxious to make a difference, and he said: ‘‘The latest tax reform bill will definitely be good for me. I am growing’’—my business is growing—‘‘and 
this tax relief will help me continue that growth.’’ He continued: ‘‘I pay my employees well already, but there is a lot I can do to grow faster with the extra money.’’ See, our district is full of small businessowners like Rodrick James. They are working long hours. They are sacrificing. They are playing by the rules. They are giving their all to achieve their own version of the American Dream. In fact, that is how we define the American Dream. If you are willing to sacrifice, you are willing to work hard, you are willing to play by the rules, you ought to be able to make a better life for yourself and your family, for your children that come after you, and now we are enabling that again. This Congress has delivered a fairer, simpler Tax Code that has allowed small businessowners, just like Rodrick, to keep more of their hard earned dollars and reinvest in their employees, businesses, and community. Mr. James served our Nation in the U.S. Army for 8 years before becoming a businessowner, and now he strives to remain communityfocused. He has donated over $7,000 to students in our area, and as his business continues to grow, we are certain he is going to continue to sow those good seeds back into the community. His story is truly inspiring. It embodies the essence of what it means to be an American. I am proud to represent him and his business right here in this Congress. All around the Fourth District, throughout Louisiana, and every corner of our great Nation, you can find remarkable people who share Mr. James’ experience. Their dreams, that they work hard every day to achieve, can become even bigger with tax reform. This is a big thing for the country. As my colleagues have said and reiterated here tonight, Mr. Speaker, America is back, and we are humbled to have been a part of it. I am grateful to all my colleagues who participated in this Special Order this evening. For all the reasons we have articulated, we just want to highlight, once again, that this is an important and proud moment for our Nation, and we are all truly grateful to have been a part of this history. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, so we hear today from the Mueller investigation, as he was appointed by a man named Rosenstein that we now know was completely disqualified from being able to select or name a special counsel for a number of reasons. For one thing, he would be a witness, because one of the issues was did President Trump obstruct justice when he fired Comey. And the President relied totally, or largely, on the memo that was prepared by Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein. He would be a material witness. You can’t be involved in an investigation if you are a material witness. Rosenstein, as it would happen, also had worked with a guy named Mueller and Weissman when they were working on an investigation into Russia’s illegal efforts to get U.S. uranium. And, in fact, they kind of had to jointly and severally put the quash on information about that investigation, because if they didn’t, then the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S., CFIUS, including Hillary Clinton, would not have been able to vote to allow the sale of uranium that would end up in Russia’s hands. And if that sale hadn’t gone through, there is no question all those stockholders that benefited would not have been so anxious to put $145 million in the Clinton Foundation and probably Russia wouldn’t have been as quick to pay $500,000 for a speech from former President Clinton. b2015 But there are all kinds of implications there. Of course, we know from previous special counsels from the Department of Justice, all of them, until Rosenstein and Mueller, made a thorough effort to select lawyers and investigating officers who appeared to have no political bias going in. What did Mueller do? He specifically went for the people that loved Hillary Clinton and hated Donald Trump, went out of his way to do that. Some have complained, well, Weissmann has a history of putting innocent people out of work, destroying lives, not only making them unemployed, but making them unemployable and, as the Supreme Court has said, all for things that were not even crimes. That doesn’t seem to deter him, just as it has never deterred Robert Mueller from destroying people’s lives, people of integrity, honest, upstanding people, whether it was Ted Stevens—heck, Colin Powell, one of the previous Cabinet members, decorated military man, had nothing but just accolades to say about Ted Stevens and what an honorable, honest, upright man he was. And the Mueller FBI framed him. They hid information that not only would have raised a reasonable doubt that showed unequivocally he was not guilty of having a gift of hundreds of thousands of dollars of addition to his cabin because not only did he pay for it, he paid about 20 percent more than the value because, as he had said before: I have to go above and beyond just to keep people at bay who might want to come after me. I have got to keep my nose so clean. Yet I guess it could be argued, well, maybe Mueller didn’t know that the FBI framed Ted Stevens and convicted him immediately before his election. Well, there is no question he would have known about it as the FBI agent who was singled out by another FBI agent as having engaged in the malicious prosecution, the hiding of evidence, the failure to produce evidence that they had that was exculpatory. Well, we know that the FBI agent that signed the whistleblowing affidavit, he was driven out of the FBI; and the one that there is evidence under oath that she framed Ted Stevens, she continued to work in the Mueller FBI, which is kind of like Mueller when he was in Boston. As far as I know, there is no direct evidence that Mueller knew that his FBI agents in Boston were framing Whitey Bulger’s competition, but he certainly had to have known that those four people were innocent when he kept putting pressure on the parole board not to release those innocent people, which I guess is another reason it cost taxpayers $100 million to the two individuals and then the two families of the two people who died in prison. Or Curt Weldon, that was the Mueller FBI. I kept wondering my freshman term, Curt would come to this microphone right here—and maybe that should be a warning to me: if you make Mueller mad, he destroys your life. But somebody’s got to stand up to a mean spirited bully like Robert Mueller. If everybody is afraid of a guy like that, then, I mean, we are Third World governments. But I kept thinking, you know, Curt Weldon keeps saying the FBI had information before 9/11, they could have done things to stop it, and he kept raising serious questions. I thought Mueller has surely got to answer these. And, yes, I know he had only come to the FBI right before 9/11, so chances are he was not implicated because of his recent arrival as FBI Director before 9/11. But surely he has got to respond somehow. These are serious allegations Curt Weldon was making. Well, he ultimately did respond. The FBI did a raid on Curt Weldon’s adult daughter’s lawyer office before, I think it was around 6 a.m., and, amazingly, the only people who knew were FBI; and yet all of the media was there to witness the raid, on television, newsprint, radio. They all showed up. And they are not the only ones to whom it was leaked, because protestors showed up immediately at Curt Weldon’s office accusing him of crimes, caught redhanded, stuff like that. That was 2 weeks before his election that he narrowly lost. Apparently, that is how Mueller responds. You know, with all the complaints about bullies these days, you would think that adults in Congress would say: Do you know what? We don’t want adult bullies either. We don’t want to 
give adults the power, unlimited, unbridled power, to just go after anybody they want any time they want. Manafort doesn’t seem like somebody I’d ever want to hang out with, but, for heaven’s sake, to knock down his door in the wee hours, drag him out of bed at gunpoint, when you just want to do a search—in fact, it would have been better, from a law enforcement standpoint, if they had done the raid when no one was home. But it wasn’t about finding something; it was about raw, sheer intimidation. So what do we hear in the way of raw, sheer intimidation from the Mueller cartel? Well, now we are told that a message that Manafort sent to a partner, somebody he did business with, that that was a crime. It is all about threatening people. It is all about bullying and scaring people. And what authority is it that Mueller has? Well, that’s interesting, because he doesn’t want to produce that document. Congress has asked for it. We have absolute authority, and if we were doing our job, we would stop the Mueller investigation, pass an immediate law that not one penny could be spent without committing a crime on any investigation Mueller is undertaking until he shows us what authority he has. You can’t just give somebody unbridled authority, and then he doesn’t even have to report to anybody unless it is the person who was disqualified that appointed him to be special counsel when he, himself, should have been disqualified. If he had had any decency or ethics about him he would have said: ‘‘Do you know what? This is going to involve Russia. I was involved in the Russia investigation. I was FBI Director and, actually, there are some touchy issues there I was involved in, and I could be a witness because, you know, actually, the truth is we closed up information so that the sale could go through that Russia would get our uranium, and then Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation get $145 million. So, yeah, I was really involved in that.’’ The last people who ought to be involved in an investigation now as special counsel about Russia would be Robert Mueller, Weissmann, and Rosenstein, but there they are, back together, investigating, while the statute of limitations is running out on any potential crime they may have committed that should be investigated by a second special counsel. I have been saying this for a year now: We need a second special counsel. This is serious stuff, and people across the country, even some Democratic friends of mine, are realizing: Wait a minute. Trump’s not getting the same treatment that Hillary Clinton got. It is pretty clear there are two different standards of justice. Some people who care about justice— and, yeah, they are politically involved, but they care about righteousness and justice—don’t want to see us go into being a Third World banana republic, which it appears to much of the world we have moved into becoming. This latest allegation Mueller throws out about tampering with a witness, well, you know, under section 1512: If you kill or attempt to kill somebody, it might be a witness—nope, that doesn’t apply. Or if you use physical force or threat of physical force—no, that didn’t apply. Cause or induce a person to withhold testimony—no, didn’t do any of that. Didn’t hinder, delay, prevent communication—nope. Let’s see. Well, did he knowingly use intimidation, threats, or corruptly persuade? No. No, that really didn’t apply. All right. How about whoever corruptly alters, destroys, mutilates? No, he didn’t do any of that. So how about obstructs or influences or impedes any official proceeding? No, really didn’t do that, didn’t attempt to do so. Or intentionally harasses another person, thereby hinders, delays, prevents, or dissuades anyone from attending or testifying—nope, that didn’t happen. Reporting to law enforcement—nope, that didn’t happen. He didn’t even turn the message over to the FBI. Arresting or seeking to arrest—nope. Now, Mueller may be involved in these, but it doesn’t sound like Manafort is. Causing a criminal prosecution—no, none of those apply. Oh, well, maybe. Oh, that is an affirmative defense. You know, there is something Mueller’s good at: scare people, throw out highbrow allegations just trying to intimidate. It is like the Federal judge said, Mueller’s folks don’t care, and Mueller doesn’t care about Manafort, anything that happened 20 years ago. We have seen it throughout Mueller’s history. He finds somebody, whether it is Steven Hatfill, Ted Stevens, Curt Weldon, you know, people who got put in jail for crimes Whitey Bulger was involved in, though he was their FBI informant. I mean, he finds people he dislikes, and then he goes about trying to find a crime that he can pin on them. And even if they are not really guilty, he is fine with keeping people in prison for crimes they didn’t commit if he thinks they are not good people, he doesn’t like them. That is how he could tell President Bush that he was 100 percent certain Dr. Steven Hatfill was the guy that was the anthrax killer. He didn’t like him. No evidence—none, zero—yet they destroyed the guy’s life. So it cost taxpayers—Mueller’s actions, other people’s actions in Boston—$100 million for the way he destroyed Steven Hatfill’s life, another $6 million or so payout. You know, he leaves a terrible wake of devastation, lives wrecked, and he doesn’t care. The one thing he is consistent in saying is: I don’t owe anybody an apology for anything I have done. Yeah, it is the way bullies are. Well, we have got another problem here in the House. We had an IT worker named Imran Awan, who worked for between 40 and 50 of my Democratic colleagues. Now, he sent, apparently, over $100,000 back to Pakistan where he still has family, and he got that from a loan here in the U.S., and he is charged with making a false statement to get the loan. Yet that is a fraction of what we find from just the reporting of Luke Rosiak, the Daily Caller, this article from October 3, 2017. Unfortunately, the only thing they have indicted Mr. Awan for is basically making a false statement to get a loan, things related to that. But there are dozens and dozens of felonies in which he is implicated from his work here on Capitol Hill. b2030 This article says: ‘‘A nowindicted IT aide to various House Democrats was sending money and gifts to government officials in Pakistan and received protection from the Pakistani police, multiple relatives claim. ‘‘A Democratic aide also said Imran Awan personally bragged to him that he could have people tortured in Pakistan. Awan’s lawyer acknowledged that he was sending money to a member of the Faisalabad police department, but said there was a good explanation. ‘‘The relatives said Awan and his brothers were also sending IT equipment, such as iPhones, to the country during the same period in which fraudulent purchase orders’’—and by the way, from what we have seen, there were clearly dozens of fraudulent purchase orders. Say, for example, an iPad cost $799 and Awan puts down it is $499 as a cost, maybe $300 for an insurance policy or something, but $499, that means it is under the $500 limit for things that do not have to be kept in inventory. So, as long as Awan kept prices on these invoices below $500, he didn’t have to have a listing of all of the equipment. So he could keep buying iPads, iPhones, and all of these kinds of things for different Members of Congress’ offices, and there is no record kept of where those items are. They don’t record the serial numbers or anything, as long as it is $499. The trouble for Mr. Awan is, every time he put $499 on one invoice for something that costs $799, it is a Federal felony, and he is implicated in dozens of these. The evidence abounds. Yet some of us had an informal hearing and heard testimony about this matter, and he was bragging to people about all of the iPhones and iPads he was sending to Pakistan to the police there, to intelligence friends there, these kinds of things. And because he listed them at $499, they are not on an inventory so they don’t have to be written off when they disappear. That is pretty handy. But the FBI has had opportunities to have those invoices presented to them. 
And each time they have instructed: Don’t bring any of those documents. We don’t want to see any of that. We just want to talk to you. And as I understand, even this week, they continued to report—the FBI investigating— that, yeah, we still found no evidence of anything other than this false statement on a loan. Why? Because they have instructed: We don’t want to see the documents that prove those cases. They are readily available for anybody, any Federal officer who wants to see them, but they don’t want to see them. So they can keep reporting to the new U.S. attorney that there is no evidence. No, there is just nothing there. They can tell the Attorney General, yeah, we have looked into it, and there is nothing there. And yet we hear from the reporter, he continues to talk to the witnesses— Luke Rosiak—and it was 80 percent of the witnesses that have personal information about the crimes the Awan cartel—crime family, whatever you want to call it—have committed, was 80 percent; now between 70 and 80 percent of those witnesses have never been interviewed by the FBI. That way they can still report to the new U.S. attorney, to the Attorney General; we looked into it. There is nothing there. There is no evidence. Yeah, because you don’t want to look at it. It abounds. And then when we hear that Mr. Awan is spreading the word among his friends from Pakistan that: I have just got to get this deal done and work out a plea where I don’t get jail time, and I am already assured I will be able to work back on the Hill. I was staggered to find out when we took testimony that actually about 3 to 9 months of every year for the last 13 or 14 years that Mr. Awan has been doing work as a computer technician for 40 to 50 Democrats here on the Hill, that he had never had a background check, but 3 to 9 months out of each year he was in Pakistan, and he was using the Pakistani internet to work on three or four dozen Members of Congress’ computer systems. We also learned that, at one point, they put over 40 Members of Congress’ data on one server so that anybody that Awan wanted to could access the server and get information on all of these other people. And what happened? Well, that server with that serial number has disappeared, but the FBI has no interest whatsoever—at least so far—in investigating what happened to the server on which Awan put 40plus Members of Congress’ data. One, we do know some of the files that existed. We don’t know what were in the files, but Awan had actually organized files that had Members of Congress’ emails in them. Well, gee, why would Awan want to take Members of Congress’ emails and put them in one file? That sure would make it easy if you were going to transfer somebody’s emails to somebody else. You just put them all in a file. Put them on one server that lots of people have access to. It is phenomenal the kind of breach that has occurred on the Hill. There are two kinds of justices, and it breaks my heart. There is the Hillary Clinton kind of investigation, and there is the Donald Trump investigation. This is really tragic. So taxpayers are paying for Imran Awan’s lawyer because he says he is destitute. Yet he sent $100,000 or more over to Pakistan in one transaction, and we know that he has property listed in his bankruptcy. We know that he was in business, took a loan from a guy from Pakistan who has known ties to Hezbollah, and they owed him money. We can’t seem to get the FBI interested in that. There are too many holdovers, apparently, from Mueller’s day, and Comey’s day. We need to know what was compromised. And I don’t care who the person works for, congressional computers should not be serviced from Pakistan. From information and belief, folks that should know, they tell me Pakistan would be one of the last places you would want somebody getting into congressional computer systems. He said: Well, what difference does it make? It is just emails and calendars. Well, there are people that would pay a lot of money to have all of the emails from a Member of Congress. We just need the FBI more interested. Again, I understand, the last guy that started making charges talking about FBI’s lack of duty, he ended up being defeated by the FBI raid on his office and his daughter’s office 2 weeks before the election. I understand, but somebody has got to stand up and say: Right is right. Wrong is wrong. There are so many FBI agents that have given their lives, day after day, not making the kind of money they could elsewhere, but enforcing the law. And to have people like Mueller and Comey come along and put a blot on the reputation they poured their honest lives into is a travesty. And the only way we remove the blots is to call out those and make them responsible for the damage that they have done. And it is not happening. Anyway, I realize I am running out of time. Luke Rosiak has great information here. He has done so much more investigation than the FBI has. I know there are a lot of FBI agents that I know personally that could take this case. I mean, just not listing a piece of property in your forms here that you have to file, the financial disclosure, could be a crime if you do it intentionally. Sometimes you forget, but for heaven’s sake, he didn’t forget when he filed bankruptcy. He has got property. He has got all kinds of things that he has never listed, and those are the kinds of things that are important when people are servicing congressional computers. People need to know. We need people that will be honest enough not to lie to the U.S. attorney and not to lie to the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General—I don’t guess it matters to them—but for other people who are honest and trying to follow and enforce the law and the Constitution as their oath requires. We need a second special counsel. We need to investigate Rosenstein, Mueller, Comey, and Weissmann. And we need somebody assigned to the Awan case that will protect Congress from further breaches and from the Awan crime family for the future. Now, today, there was a continuance filed moving Awan’s hearing from this Thursday to July 3. It sounds like they are trying to do just what Awan has been bragging, that he is going to get a deal. It is not going to say anything about all of the breaches of security, all of the felonies committed in the forms that he filed, none of that. And so he is telling people—at least he has assured people—he can come right back and start servicing dozens of Members’ computers on the Hill again. For heaven’s sake, we need somebody in the FBI to step up and do their job. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AFFORDABLE POSTSECONDARY EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government became heavily involved in the Nation’s postsecondary education system when Congress passed the Higher Education Act of 1965. Over time, wellintentioned but misdirected policies and requirements have put special interests ahead of students’ interests. It is time to develop a system designed to support students in completing an affordable postsecondary education that will prepare them to enter the workforce with the skills they need for lifelong success. The Education and the Workforce Committee is moving us in that direction, Mr. Speaker, by passing last December the PROSPER Act. The PROSPER Act, the word ‘‘PROSPER’’ stands for: Promoting Real Opportunity, Success, and Prosperity through Education Reform. b2045 It is a really apt title for what it is that the committee is proposing. I emphasize this is a work of the Education and the Workforce Committee and the 23 Republican Members who are on that committee. 
What the PROSPER Act does is it expands student access to higher education in many different ways: It allows students to use Federal student aid, including Pell grants, for shorter term programs that will help students get into the workforce more quickly. It expands the availability of industryled earnandlearn programs that lead to highwage, highskill, and high demand careers. It improves early awareness of postsecondary Federal financial aid options for students in high school. It makes the application for Federal student aid easier for middle class families by streamlining the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, or FAFSA, making the FAFSA available on a mobile application and ensuring both the app and the online form are consumer tested, clear, and easy to use. We hear from parents all the time about how difficult the FAFSA is to complete. It repeals unfair requirements that limit lowincome students’ access to careerfocused institutions. It supports atrisk and minority students by reforming the TRIO programs to better evaluate the effectiveness of these programs, expand access to these programs for students, and encourage institutions to create programs using evidencebased innovations like P4Success. The PROSPER Act improves student aid in the following ways: simplifying student aid into one grant program, one loan program, and one workstudy program to ease confusion for students who are deciding the best options available to pay for their college educations. Let me give you an example, Mr. Speaker, of the complications of the loan programs as they currently exist. There are six different loan programs, nine repayment options, and 32 deferment and forbearance options. What has that gotten us? It has gotten students $1.4 trillion into debt. We find that unacceptable, and PROSPER will help change that. We give a Pell grant bonus to recipients who enroll in the number of credits necessary to complete their education in what is considered on time. That will vary: for students in community colleges, 2 years; and for students in a baccalaureate program, 4 years. We add $14.5 billion back into students’ pockets by eliminating hidden origination fees on Federal student loans that add unnecessary costs to college. Mr. Speaker, I talk every day to Members who have been misled by colleges and universities in their districts about what PROSPER does. Many well meaning, I am sure, administrators and college presidents are calling Members and saying: The PROSPER Act cuts financial aid for students. Mr. Speaker, it does nothing of the sort. Because of the way we restructure the loan programs, however, it does save the taxpayers, right now, based on CBO’s score, $15 billion. However, it makes available to students 12 million more dollars just in financial aid, not to count what we are talking about in the $14.5 billion in origination fees. By providing access to a new ONE Loan with reasonable loan limits and creating an easily accessible income based repayment option, it offers an affordable monthly payment option to all borrowers, and it caps interest accrual. This is something else that the schools misunderstand. We do help the students with their loan programs not while they are in school, but when they are out of school. Many people have misunderstood the legislation and the wording in the PROSPER Act, so I have encouraged my colleagues to share with me the concerns they hear from colleges and universities so we can make sure that what they are being told are the facts and not either a misunderstanding of the legislation, because people aren’t used to reading the legislation, or an outandout fabrication of what is in the bill. We reward the institutions in the workstudy program by helping the most vulnerable students complete their education and expand the ability of students to receive Federal workstudy dollars while gaining valuable work experience in a field of their choice. Mr. Speaker, I have been in education for a long, long time. I know 40 some years ago we had studies that showed that students who participated in the workstudy program made better grades, made better use of their time, graduated at a higher rate, and were much more likely to get a job after graduation. What we do is we actually double the amount of money in the workstudy program and allow a portion of that money to be used by students in an industry and institution approved program in the private sector. We all know that internships often turn into jobs, and we know it is much more likely that a student would get a job in the private sector if he or she is able to do an internship and workstudy funds can be used to cover those internships. Another thing that the PROSPER Act does is it reimagines how institutions best serve students in these ways, providing students access to new providers of postsecondary education by allowing those providers to partner with traditional colleges and universities for up to 100 percent of a student’s educational program. We are living in a vastly changing world with all types of opportunities available now to students to gain an education and to gain the skills they need. We need to stop living in the 16th century, as much of education is doing in this country, and come up to speed with what is available to us through technology. We, in the PROSPER Act, encourage competencybased education by creating a clear pathway for competency based education programs to be eligible for Federal student aid to help students attain a less costly degree based on their own learning rather than time spent in a seat. Mr. Speaker, when I taught many years ago at Appalachian State University, at Mayland Community College, and at Caldwell Community College, I often encouraged students to participate in activities outside the classroom because so much impressive learning can go on outside of sitting in a seat listening to a teacher lecturing. We need to do more of that. Students, again, have access to so many opportunities where they could be deemed proficient in an area and be able to get credit for that which would speed up their earning a degree. We repeal the antiquated and rigid definition of distance education making it possible for institutions to develop more creative methods of delivering postsecondary education. We allow, through the PROSPER Act, minorityserving institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities to use grant funds for certain initiatives such as pay for success, dual enrollment, and the development of careercentered programs. It is time, again, Mr. Speaker, for us to acknowledge that there are many, many opportunities out there for students to gain the skills that they need to be able to be certified and be able to get the credentials that they need to lead a successful life in our country, and what we are doing with the PROSPER Act is advancing those opportunities. I want to quote from an article that was recently published that encourages the passage of the PROSPER Act. The article was written by Rachelle Peterson, who is the policy director at the National Association of Scholars, and I am going to give a few quotes from that article. She says: ‘‘It has been 53 years since President Lyndon Johnson signed the Higher Education Act into law, and 10 years since it was reauthorized, under President Obama. Over the years, the law—which touches nearly every aspect of higher education—has turned into a special interest bonanza. It shields traditional colleges from marketplace competition, weaves a labyrinthine web of student aid options, packs on the pork, and in the last administration served as a pretext for the Department of Education to invent politically charged regulations.’’ I couldn’t have said it better myself, Mr. Speaker. She goes on to say: ‘‘The PROSPER Act . . . would streamline Federal programs, relax burdensome regulations, forbid the Secretary of Education from acting outside the scope of the law, and protect the key principles of free speech and religious freedom.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is hard to get a package of legislation that would do all of those things, but she goes on: ‘‘Today, 
my organization, the National Association of Scholars, released a toptobottom review of the PROSPER Act, concluding that it represents the best opportunity to reform higher education in decades. With a few tweaks, the PROSPER Act should be passed at once. Two especially important areas— Federal student aid reform and protections for freedom of speech and association—show why.’’ I am very, very grateful to the National Association of Scholars and Rachelle Peterson for her kind words about the PROSPER Act. She goes on to say: ‘‘Currently, Federal student aid is a complicated system that encourages students to take on unmanageable debt and incentivizes colleges to raise tuition.’’ She mentions the different loan programs, grants, and ways to get loans forgiven. She talks about the PROSPER Act simplifying Federal student aid, reining in costs, and making it easier for students to see their options. She goes on to say: ‘‘PROSPER also gives colleges ‘skin in the game’ by making them financial stakeholders in students’ success. Individual programs whose students have low loan repayment rates would become ineligible for accepting Federal student loans, forcing these lowperforming programs either to improve their quality or to lower their costs. When students drop out, colleges would become liable to repay a portion of the students’ Federal aid, creating an incentive to adopt high admissions standards.’’ She goes on to say: ‘‘ . . . the PROSPER Act does a remarkable job of cutting bureaucratic overgrowth to return Federal student aid to its core purpose: helping students who are prepared for college find ways to afford it. . . . ‘’ b2100 She goes on and on. I am not going to continue to quote from her, but I include in the RECORD this material so that every person reading the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD has an opportunity to read her excellent article. 
[From The Hill, May 23, 2018] CONGRESS , PASS THE PROSPER ACT FOR  FEDERAL STUDENT AIDREFORM  (By Rochelle Peterson) It has been 53 years since President Lyndon Johnson signed the Higher Education Act into law, and 10 years since it was reauthorized, under President Obama. Over the years, the law—which touches nearly every aspect of higher education—has turned into a special interest bonanza. It shields traditional colleges from marketplace competition, weaves a labyrinthine web of student aid options, packs on the pork, and in the last administration served as a pretext for the Department of Education to invent politically charged regulations. The PROSPER Act, introduced in December by Rep. Virginia Foxx (R–N.C.), would reauthorize the Higher Education Act and clean up the mess it has become. The bill would streamline federal programs, relax burdensome regulations, forbid the Secretary of Education from acting outside the scope of the law, and protect the key principles of free speech and religious freedom. Today, my organization, the National Association of Scholars released a toptobottom review of the PROSPER Act, concluding that it represents the best opportunity to reform higher education in decades. With a few tweaks, the PROSPER Act should be passed at once. Two especially important areas— federal student aid reform and protections for freedom of speech and association—show why. Currently, federal student aid is a complicated system that encourages students to take on unmanageable debt and incentivizes colleges to raise tuition. The system has six loan programs, numerous grants, and some four dozen options for paying off or getting loans forgiven. The PROSPER Act simplifies federal student aid, reining in costs and making it easier for students to see their options. It caps the amount of money parents and students can borrow from the federal government. It streamlines federal student aid into a single loan program, a single grant program, and a single repayment program. It eliminates special interest projects, such as public service loan forgiveness, which privileged government employees by forgiving their loans after 10 years of payments. PROSPER also gives colleges ‘‘skin in the game’’ by making them financial stakeholders in students’ success. Individual programs whose students have low loan repayment rates would become ineligible for accepting federal student loans, forcing these lowperforming programs either to improve their quality or to lower their costs. When students drop out, colleges would become liable to repay a portion of the students’ federal aid, creating an incentive to adopt high admissions standards. The bill misses some important elements of student aid reform, such as making incomeshare agreements enforceable and requiring colleges to spend a minimum percentage of endowment income. It also maintains the Department of Education’s monopoly on government student aid, rather than transferring financial authority to the states. But overall, the PROSPER Act does a remarkable job of cutting bureaucratic overgrowth to return federal student aid to its core purpose: helping students who are prepared for college find ways to afford it, without driving up costs. The PROSPER Act also takes an important stand for freedom of speech and association, principles that colleges have recently given scant attention. The Act prevents colleges from discriminating against religious student groups by denying them official recognition and other standard benefits, such as access to campus facilities. And it protects the rights of religious institutions to govern themselves in a manner consistent with their religious missions. The PROSPER Act also addresses the need for free speech on campus, although its policy changes, while laudable, need to be shored up. Currently, many colleges designate ‘‘free speech zones’’ as the only places students and faculty can engage in public speech. In response, the PROSPER Act offers the ‘‘sense of Congress’’ that free speech zones are ‘‘inherently at odds’’ with the First Amendment—a principled though legally unenforceable statement. A key amendment by Rep. Tom Garrett (R Va.) requires colleges and universities to disclose any speech codes, providing sunlight that will help watchdog organizations and free speech litigators target bad campus policies. The amendment also authorizes the secretary of Education to investigate colleges that are accused of using unpublished rules or selective enforcement to target certain types of speech. This is important for students whose free speech has been abridged, because they currently have little recourse but to file a lawsuit, an expensive and timeconsuming endeavor. These are key changes that go a long way toward restoring freedom of speech on campus. But no bill is perfect, and the PROSPER Act misses some opportunities. It should also authorize the secretary of Education to investigate whether colleges’ policies are actually conducive to free speech in the first place. Colleges should be required to report to Congress annually on the state of free speech on their campuses, including details on any violations of free speech, punishment for offenders, and steps taken to protect free speech going forward Colleges repeatedly found to be malfeasant at protecting free speech should lose eligibility for Title IV federal student aid. Students deserve a college education that is rigorous, affordable, dedicated to intellectual freedom, and focused on scholarship, not politicization. The PROSPER Act is a step in the right direction. Ms. FOXX. My reason for doing this is to say that it is not just members of the committee, it is not just Members of Congress who support the PROSPER Act. It is people who understand the situation that exists in our country and want to see us make things better for students. Mr. Speaker, I grew up extraordinarily poor, but I knew that education was my key to getting out of poverty. I had to work hard, but I also had to get credentials. In this day and time, we know that having credentials is more important than ever. So I want to say again, the PROSPER Act, which stands for Promoting Real Opportunities, Success, and Prosperity through Education Reform, is a key to doing that. This will do more to help poor students get out of poverty than almost anything that I have seen in a long, long time. Every Member of Congress hears every day that employers do not have people to fill the 6 million jobs that are out there that are vacant right now. What we do with PROSPER is make it possible for 7 million more students to get Pell Grants. And part of our reason for doing that is to help students get into shortterm programs that will give them skills, give them credentials, and allow them to build on those skills over time, hopefully, to create a degree. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned, what we are doing with PROSPER is allowing people to be able to get to participate in shortterm programs where they will gain skills that will make them employable. They will be able to build on their credentials over time and, we hope, become lifelong learners and ultimately earn degrees. But the main thing is, we have right now 6.6 million jobs vacant in this country. We have employers crying for people to fill those jobs. They cannot find those people now in this country. We have many people who could fill the jobs if they were able to gain the skills for them. By opening up Pell Grants to 7 million more students, we think we will get a match. 
It is clear right now, Mr. Speaker, that postsecondary education is unworkable for far too many individuals trying to enter the workforce. Americans deserve a better system that works for them. The PROSPER Act advances bold, commonsense solutions that will transform postsecondary education, better serve students, protect taxpayers, and set America up for longterm economic success. We are doing things in the bill that colleges and universities asked us to do. We are getting the Federal Government out of the way by repealing outdated Federal regulations and prohibiting the Secretary from exceeding her authority under the law. Again, the institutions have asked us for this. By doing this, everybody wins, Mr. Speaker. The PROSPER Act simplifies and improves Federal student aid by moving to one grant, one loan, one workstudy system, making it easier for students to understand their options. The bill encourages institutions to evolve, but holds them responsible by rethinking the postsecondary education accountability system. The bottom line is this bill is about getting people into jobs with the skills they need to succeed. To do that, it cuts through the morass of Federal red tape, eliminates the maze of Federal aid programs, and unleashes innovation to a sector stuck in the 20th century—I would argue maybe even the 19th century. I am going to make one or two more general comments about what PROSPER does, because I think it is so important that the American people understand what it is we are attempting to do here. Since 2007, Mr. Speaker, the published instate tuition and fees at institutions increased at an average rate of 3.2 percent beyond inflation. If that had happened with the average automobile in this country, the average car today would be costing $80,000, instead of probably about $27,000. That is the inflation that has occurred in postsecondary education. We have a 6year completion rate of only 54.8 percent. That is unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. Every year that a student is forced to stay in a college or university is costing that student $68,000 in lost wages and tuition and fees. The numbers go on and on. Eighty one percent of parents say 4year schools charge too much. Fiftyfour percent of parents think 4year schools are accessible to middle class Americans. In other words, many middle class Americans have given up on the hope of their child going on to school. Only 13 percent of people in this country believe college graduates are well prepared for success in the workforce. Fewer than two in five managers believe college graduates are well equipped for a job in their field. Mr. Speaker, as I said, I made my living for a long time in education. I love education. I want everybody to get a great education. I know that it is the ticket to success in this country. But our current system is not working. What we do with the PROSPER Act, Promoting Real Opportunity, Success, and Prosperity through Education Reform will give Americans a much better chance to gain the skills they need and be successful. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 3249, PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8, WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2018; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. WOODALL (during the Special Order of Ms. FOXX), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–711) on the resolution (H. Res. 918) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 5, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 3663. To designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Huntington, West Virginia, as the Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams VA Medical Center. H.R. 4910. To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and second quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DANIEL SILVERBERG, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 28 AND MAY 3, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. DANIEL SILVERBERG, May 7, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at the right to so ind icate and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, May 22, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,  EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH, CoChairman, May 15, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: Committee on Appropriations. Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for Fiscal Year 2019 (Rept. 115–710). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 918. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–711). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Mr. SOTO, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. C RIST, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. HANABUSA , Ms. GABBARD , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. PLASKETT , and Mr. M AST): H.R. 5996. A bill to reauthorize and amend the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself, Mrs. WALORSKI , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. BILIRAKIS , and Mr. C A´RDENAS ): H.R. 5997. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure prompt coverage of breakthrough devices under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5998. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a loan repayment program under which health professionals agree to conduct prevention activities, as employees of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, in consideration of the Federal Government agreeing to make payments on the principal and interest of the educational loans of such health professionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5999. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise section 230.163 of title 17, United States Code, to apply the exemption offered in such section to communications made by underwriters and dealers acting by or on behalf of a well known seasoned issuer; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6000. A bill to provide for the transfer of the TARAWA class amphibious ship USS NASSAU (LHA4) to Japan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H.R. 6001. A bill to safeguard certain technology and intellectual property in the United States from export to or influence by the People’s Republic of China and to protect United States industry from unfair competition by the People’s Republic of China, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 6002. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish a grant program for the construction of schools in overcrowded areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 6003. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for enhanced penalties for the transmission of misleading or inaccurate caller identification information with the intent to trigger an emergency response; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. TURNER ): H.R. 6004. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing medical assistance at a residential pediatric recovery center to infants with neonatal abstinence syndrome; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for himself, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. COHEN , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. S OTO, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas): H.R. 6005. A bill to establish a grant program under the Federal Aviation Administration to improve the preparation and representation of certain students in aviation related fields.; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6006. A bill to direct the Commissioner of Social Security to implement certain record keeping recommendations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LAMALFA (for himself and Mr. MCCLINTOCK ): H.R. 6007. A bill to release certain Federal land in California from wilderness study, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 6008. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to withdraw the outer Continental Shelf in the MidAtlantic planning area from disposition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6009. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to provide for the automatic appointment of judges to the District of Columbia courts without the advice and consent of the Senate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. PERRY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. PITTENGER , and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN ): H.R. 6010. A bill to require an unclassified interagency report on the political influence operations of the Chinese Government and Communist Party with respect to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, Ms. BASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas): H.R. 6011. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to authorize a court to reduce the term of imprisonment imposed on certain defendants convicted as an adult for an offense committed and completed before the defendant attained 18 years of age, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself and Mr. GOTTHEIMER ): H.J. Res. 135. A joint resolution supporting Israel’s right to defend its borders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BIGGS (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. B UDD, Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, Mr. BRAT, Mr. B UCK, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. GARRETT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. HARRIS , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. LESKO , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. CURTIS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. BLACK , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. NEWHOUSE , and Mr. D ESANTIS ): H. Res. 919. A resolution recognizing the national debt as a threat to national security; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. HASTINGS ): H. Res. 920. A resolution expressing support for the designation of June as National Gun Violence Awareness Month, and calling on Congress to address gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. BROWN of Maryland): H. Res. 921. A resolution expressing support for the designation of 2018 as the ‘‘Year of the Anacostia’’ and recognizing the Washington metropolitan area’s efforts and partnerships to restore the Anacostia River watershed; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
205. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Oklahoma, relative to Enrolled House Joint Resolution 1043, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. LAMALFA: H.R. 6007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 6008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6009. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6010. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 6011. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the enumerated power to establish a judicial system. U.S. CONST. art. I, §8, cl. 9. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.J. Res. 135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 51: Mr. T URNER . H.R. 57: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 62: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 66: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 110: Mr. HASTINGS and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 173: Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. HULTGREN , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 184: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 466: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 502: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 592: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 750: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. CARBAJAL , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 756: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 761: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 914: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 959: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 975: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 1017: Mr. TURNER and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1150: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 1171: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1187: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1271: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1300: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 1318: Mr. YODER and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 1322: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1377: Mr. CLYBURN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. OLSON . H.R. 1447: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 1511: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1516: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1661: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 1783: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1820: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 1823: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1824: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1825: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 1861: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 1881: Mr. SCHWEIKERT and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 1904: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 1925: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 1939: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1953: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1983: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2092: Mr. SCHIFF and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2095: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2215: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 2290: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2315: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 2418: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2421: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2439: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 2476: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2587: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2598: Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. CROWLEY , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 2651: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2670: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2691: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2757: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2784: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2797: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 2851: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 2853: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 2856: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 2913: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3009: Mr. REED. H.R. 3010: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 3013: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3238: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 3303: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3305: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 3348: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3378: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. G RAVES  of Missouri. H.R. 3400: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 3464: Mr. COOPER , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3478: Ms. NORTON and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 3497: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 3528: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 3666: Mr. OLSON and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3692: Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. K ING of New York, and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3730: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 3773: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 3861: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 3988: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4005: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 4018: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4028: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4044: Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4082: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4094: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4129: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4143: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 4202: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4206: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 4253: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 4260: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 4265: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 4290: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4362: Mr. COSTA . H.R. 4419: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 4424: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 4473: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. O’HALLERAN , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali fornia. H.R. 4525: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4556: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4638: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 4691: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 4693: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 4704: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. M ENG, and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4732: Mr. HUNTER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4737: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 4739: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4779: Mr. CLAY, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4786: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4815: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4824: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4825: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4837: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 4893: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 4897: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4953: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas and Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4978: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5011: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 5034: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5038: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 5041: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 5105: Mr. GOODLATTE , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. COOPER . H.R. 5106: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 5125: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5132: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 5141: Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. GAETZ , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, and Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 5160: Mr. MARSHALL and Ms. C LARKE  of New York. H.R. 5176: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5281: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 5282: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. COLE, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. BUDD, and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 5329: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 5353: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5358: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 5365: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5383: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5385: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5413: Mr. DESANTIS . H.R. 5414: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5431: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi. H.R. 5474: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 5476: Mr. HECK. H.R. 5517: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 5528: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5533: Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. TONKO , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JONES , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 5534: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. MARCHANT , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 5536: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5553: Mr. JONES . H.R. 5588: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5606: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5671: Mr. VELA, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. COHEN , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5684: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 5694: Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 5701: Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 5716: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 5717: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 5723: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 5753: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 5761: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 5762: Mr. MEADOWS . 
H.R. 5773: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 5795: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. T URNER , and Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5796: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 5814: Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 5857: Ms. MOORE and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 5889: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5899: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 5900: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 5912: Mr. PETERSON and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 5920: Mr. VELA. H.R. 5922: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 5924: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsyl vania. H.R. 5941: Ms. MOORE and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ . H.R. 5942: Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 5950: Mr. GOMEZ , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. TITUS. H.R. 5954: Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 5958: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 5988: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. PERRY , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . H.R. 5991: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.J. Res. 61: Mr. CHABOT and Mr. P EARCE . H.J. Res. 91: Ms. BORDALLO . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. RUSSELL . H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. KAPTUR . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. NORTON . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. MULLIN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. CRAMER , and Mr. P EARCE . H. Res. 15: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H. Res. 28: Mr. BACON . H. Res. 31: Mr. BACON , Mr. C LAY, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. WELCH . H. Res. 199: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H. Res. 274: Ms. LEE. H. Res. 318: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H. Res. 405: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H. Res. 750: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 766: Mr. PANETTA and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 871: Mr. NOLAN and Ms. K APTUR . H. Res. 894: Mr. COFFMAN . H. Res. 907: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H. Res. 915: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S IRES, and Ms. ESHOO . PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
105. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to remonstrating against the enactment of any legislation by Congress which would offer amnesty, forgiveness, or a path to citizenship, to any person who is not a citizen of the United States and who is physically within the United States in violation of the laws of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 106. Also, a petition of the Oberlin, OH City Council, relative to Resolution No. R1804 CMS, calling on the U.S. Congress to introduce and then pass a carbon fee and dividend legislation and declaring an emergency; which was referred jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2973 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 5, 2018 No. 92 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 