Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, a Federal court has ordered the Trump administration to reunite every child under 5 years old who is separated from his or her family by today. Unfortunately, the Trump administration has no plan for family reunifications and will fail to reunite as many as half of those children who were taken from their parents. This is completely unacceptable. Last week I visited some of those young children, one who looked about 6 months old and many who were 3 and 4. At the facility I visited, caseworkers there were calling detention facilities around the country to locate those parents. They had to call the facilities to try to find the parents. Many of them did. But it is clear that the administration had no plan other than to separate these kids from their parents as a tactic to try to dissuade people who are seeking shelter from violence from coming to the United States. Shame on them. This will be a dark period in our history. It is a sad day. 
RECOGNIZING BETTY WALKER (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Betty Walker of Roaring Gap, North Carolina. This remarkable and talented woman has been the coordinator for the Alleghany Memorial Hospital Thrift Shop for 15 years. Betty began volunteering at the Thrift Shop in 2000 and became coordinator in 2003. During her time as coordinator, Betty has expanded and renovated the Thrift Shop in addition to managing its volunteers. The Alleghany Memorial Hospital Thrift Shop opened in 1991 and has raised nearly $1 million for Alleghany Memorial Hospital. Those funds are extremely important in this small county. In 2011, Betty and the shop’s volunteers received the Governor’s Award for Volunteer Service, which recognizes the top 20 volunteers in North Carolina. Betty Walker is an extremely dedicated volunteer, a role model for us all, and a pillar in her community. Alleghany County is fortunate to call this hardworking citizen one of its own. 
MAVNI AND COMBATING LEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pose a simple question: What is meritbased immigration? Because it would seem that we have a different interpretation from that of our President. Panshu Zhao came to this country legally and joined the Army while pursuing a Ph.D. He came to our country to be an American and to contribute to the greatness of our Nation just like other generations before all of us. He is one of the more than 10,000 legal immigrants offered a chance to become a citizen through service and sacrifice. These legal immigrants enlist in our Armed Forces with vital skills. They have education, they are meritorious, and they are needed. But this administration has now made going after legal immigrants one of its primary goals. When they threaten to deport doctors in the Army, the administration is going after legal immigrants. When ICE arrests green card holders over minor charges in their distant past, they are going after legal immigrants. If a soldier pursuing a Ph.D. does not qualify for meritbased immigration, then who does? 
HONORING STATE REPRESENTATIVE RON LOLLAR (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of my good friend, Tennessee State Representative Ron Lollar, who passed away on July 6, 2018, at the age of 69. Ron valiantly served his country as a United States marine in the Vietnam war, receiving accolades, including the Vietnam Gallantry Cross and the Good Conduct Medal. Ron also served multiple terms on the Shelby County School Board and was a strong advocate for education and agriculture as a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives. To his wife, Brenda, and their three children: I hope you take comfort in the memories of Ron and the legacy he leaves behind. May his lifelong service to our local community, to Tennessee, and to the United States never be forgotten. We will miss you. 
SUPREME COURT NOMINEES (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I represent the Eighth Congressional District in Maryland, and I want to give you a tale of two of my constituents. One is Merrick Garland of Bethesda, the chief judge of the D.C. Court of Appeals, who was nominated to the Supreme Court in March of 2016. A celebrated judge who had more judicial experience under his belt than anyone ever nominated to the Supreme Court before, a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Law School, Judge Garland was often described as the most qualified person ever nominated to the Court. But Senator MCCONNELL and the GOP in the Senate vowed they would have no hearings, no action, and no vote on his nomination because there was an election coming up in 9 months and the people should be heard. This was unprecedented, but, fair enough, if that is the new standard. Now, I have another constituent, Brett Kavanaugh of Chevy Chase, who serves on the exact same court as Judge Garland does and who has been nominated to the Supreme Court only 4 months before a national election. He is a graduate of Yale College and Yale Law School. But the Senate now says that they are going to speed through hearings and a vote on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. Why? Is he better qualified? Not even Judge Kavanaugh would say that. Why is it? We have oneparty control of the House, the Senate, the White House, and the Supreme Court. This is nothing but a power play here in Washington. They are doing it simply because they can do it, and it is wrong. We should have one standard that governs nominations from both parties. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5729) to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after submission to Congress of the results of an assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5729 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Transportation Worker Identification Credential Accountability Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. RESTRICTION ON IMPLEMENTATION OF TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION CREDENTIAL BIOMETRIC READER RULE. 
The department in which the Coast Guard is operating may not implement the rule entitled ‘‘Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC)–Reader Requirements’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 57651), and may not propose or issue a notice of proposed rulemaking for any revision to such rule except to extend its effective date, or for any other rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards under section 70105(k)(3) of title 46, United States Code, before the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of the submission under paragraph (5) of section 1(b) of Public Law 114–278 (130 Stat. 1411 to 1412) of the results of the assessment required by that section. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until the submission under paragraph (5) of section 1(b) of Public Law 114–278 (130 Stat. 1411 et seq.) of the results of the assessment required by that section, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate regarding the implementation of that section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5729, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to comply with the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 and the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006, the Coast Guard is establishing rules requiring electronic readers for use at highrisk vessel facilities. The intent of the rule is to ensure that, prior to being granted unescorted access to a designated secure area, an individual will have his or her Transportation Worker Identification Credential, or TWIC, authenticated. The Coast Guard issued a proposed rule to this effect in March 2013. The proposed rule limited the scope of the TWIC authentication requirements at facilities to secure areas that handle certain dangerous cargos in bulk through a vesseltofacility interface. This was consistent with existing Coast Guard policy. Industry commented on the proposed rule, and the Coast Guard also held four public meetings across the country and worked with the Transportation Security Administration to conduct a pilot program. The Coast Guard issued its final rule in August of 2016, with an implementation date of August 23, 2018. The service noted that the final rule made a number of changes from the proposed rule, including flexibility with regard to purchase, installation, and use of electronic readers; clarifying that the rule only affects risk group A vessels and facilities; and eliminating the distinction between risk group B and C for both vessels and facilities. However, industry was surprised by the expanded scope of the final rule where facility areas subject to the TWIC reader requirement went beyond what was included in the proposed rule and regulatory analysis accompanying that rule. The Coast Guard has acknowledged the discrepancy between the proposed and final rules. To date, the service has not been able to identify any security benefits to the expanded scope of the final rule or definitively state how it will address industry concerns. The Office of Management and Budget recently completed its review of a proposed rule to delay the implementation date of the TWIC reader requirements. The text of the proposed rule was released on June 22, 2018, 2 months prior to the implementation date. Unfortunately, the rule proposed only partially addresses industry concerns. It delays implementation of the requirements until August 23, 2021, for two categories of facilities that handle certain dangerous cargo in bulk but do not transfer it. However, for facilities and vessels that handle certain dangerous cargo in bulk and transfer that cargo to or from a vessel or from facilities that receive large passenger vessels, the final rule requirements go into effect on August 23, 2018. Industry has been involved and willing to address security concerns, but facilities should not have to bear the burden of implementing a final rule proposal that has not yet been fully vetted to understand the impacts of the requirements. H.R. 5729 requires the Secretary to submit to Congress the comprehensive security assessment of the transportation security card program, as required in section 1(b) of Public Law 114–278, before implementation of its final rule. Doing so will provide Congress and stakeholders further information on any deficiencies in the effectiveness of the program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5729, the Transportation Worker Identification Credential Accountability Act of 2018. Since 2002, when Congress passed the Maritime Transportation Security Act, problems have beset the Transportation Worker Identification Credential card, or TWIC card, as it is called, a maritime security credential. Since its inception, concerns and questions about the reliability of background check information, the efficacy of fraud detection capabilities, and the relatively high cost of the credential have been persistent shortfalls that the Department of Homeland Security has never gotten right. As explained by the bill’s sponsor, the Coast Guard issued a flawed final rule in 2016 for the use of TWIC card biometric readers at highrisk maritime facilities. The Coast Guard issued this rule despite Congress directing the Department of Homeland Security in 2016 to conduct a ‘‘toptobottom’’ review of the effectiveness of the entire TWIC program. If there was ever an example of the left hand not knowing what the right hand was doing, the issuance of this reader rule was it. Considering the history and pattern of mismanagement of TWIC credentials, I agree with the purpose of this legislation. It makes prudent sense to put a hold on any new TWIC rulemaking until such time that the Department of Homeland Security completes its effectiveness review as required by Congress. Ensuring the security of highrisk maritime facilities remains a vitally important homeland security priority. If the TWIC card is not up to the task, it is best for Congress to understand why and how the deficiencies might best be resolved. On the other hand, if it is determined that the best course of action is to abandon the TWIC card, we need to evaluate alternative security measures that might fill the gap immediately. I urge my colleagues to join me and support this noncontroversial legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments of my colleague from the District of Columbia. H.R. 5729 is a very straightforward bill. It fixes something that needs to be fixed quickly, and I urge Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5729, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING INVESTMENT RESEARCH FOR SMALL AND EMERGING ISSUERS ACT Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6139) to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6139 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Investment Research for Small and Emerging Issuers Act’’. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall conduct a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers, including emerging growth companies and companies considering initial public offerings. (b) CONTENTS OF STUDY .—The study required under subsection (a) shall consider— (1) factors related to the demand for such research by institutional and retail investors; (2) the availability of such research, including— (A) the number and types of firms who provide such research; (B) the volume of such research over time; and (C) competition in the research market; (3) conflicts of interest relating to the production and distribution of investment research; (4) the costs of such research; (5) the impacts of different payment mechanisms for investment research into small issuers, including whether such research is paid for by— (A) harddollar payments from research clients; (B) payments directed from the client’s commission income (i.e., ‘‘soft dollars’’); or (C) payments from the issuer that is the subject of such research; (6) any unique challenges faced by minorityowned, womenowned, and veteranowned small issuers in obtaining research coverage; and (7) the impact on the availability of research coverage for small issuers due to— (A) investment adviser concentration and consolidation, including any potential impacts of fundsize on demand for investment research of small issuers; (B) broker and dealer concentration and consolidation, including any relationships between the size of the firm and allocation of resources for investment research into small issuers; (C) Securities and Exchange Commission rules; (D) registered national securities association rules; (E) State and Federal liability concerns; (F) the settlement agreements referenced in Securities and Exchange Commission Litigation Release No. 18438 (i.e., the ‘‘Global Research Analyst Settlement’’); and (G) Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as implemented by the European Union (‘‘EU’’) member states (‘‘MiFID II’’). (c) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) the results of the study required by subsection (a); and (2) recommendations to increase the demand for, volume of, and quality of investment research into small issuers, including emerging growth companies and companies considering initial public offerings. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KATKO ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, initial public offerings, or IPOs, have historically been one of the most meaningful steps in the lifecycle of a company. Going public was the ultimate goal for many entrepreneurs. You start a business from scratch, build it into a successful enterprise, and then open up an opportunity for the public to share in your success. Going public not only affords companies many benefits, including access to the capital markets, but IPOs are also important to the investing public. By completing an IPO, a company is able to raise muchneeded capital for job creation and expansion opportunities, while allowing Main Street investors an opportunity to have an economic piece of the action and the ability to participate in the growth phase of a company. However, over the past two decades, our Nation has experienced a 37 percent decline in the number of U.S.listed companies. Equally troubling, we have seen the number of public companies fall to around 5,700. These statistics are concerning because they are similar to the data we saw in the 1980s when our economy was less than half of its current size. For a myriad of reasons, the public model is no longer viewed as the most attractive means of raising capital. Instead, small and emerging growth companies are choosing to go public much later in their lifecycle or, frankly, choosing not to go public at all. We must work to change that trajectory, in my mind. In speaking to the New York Economic Club, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton stated: ‘‘Regardless of the cause, the reduction in the number of U.S.listed public companies is a serious issue for our markets and the country more generally. To the extent companies are eschewing our public markets, the vast majority of Main Street investors will be unable to participate in their growth. The potential lasting effects of such an outcome to the economy and society are, in two words, not good.’’ That is from SEC Chairman Jay Clayton. I share Chairman Clayton’s concerns. We need to ensure that our capital markets are open for innovators and job creators, and we must work to rightsize regulations for smaller companies as well. One way that Congress worked to lift burdensome regulations and help small companies gain access to these capital markets was the bipartisan Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, commonly known as the JOBS Act. Section 105 of the JOBS Act changed the ‘‘gunjumping rules’’ to provide an exception from the definition of an offer to allow for the publication or distribution by a broker or dealer of a research report about an emerging growth company that is the subject of a proposed public offering. However, few investment banks have published any preIPO research since passage of the JOBS Act, and research coverage, in general, on small issuers continues to be an issue. This negatively affects investor interest and awareness in a company as well as its trading liquidity and, therefore, does not allow the company to launch the way that it properly could. b1445 This provision is intended to increase research, but, unfortunately, it has had the opposite effect, and, instead, there has been a significant decline—we have seen a significant decline over recent years in analyst research covering small public companies. According to the U.S. Chamber, ‘‘61 percent of all companies listed on a major exchange with less than $100 million market capitalization have no research coverage at all.’’ For equities with a market cap below $750 million, the average number of research analysts covering that stock is one, while equities above $750 million 
in market cap have an average of 12 research analysts covering the stock. Additionally, the amount of research written on small companies has declined even as the percentage of individual ownership in small cap companies has gone up, has increased. Little or no research coverage generally corresponds with lower stock liquidity, and reduced research coverage may particularly be disadvantageous to individual investors who have limited research capabilities on their own. In fact, one study published in June of 2017 in The Journal of Finance found that an increase in the number of analysts covering an industry improved the quality of analyst forecasts and information flow to investors. For that reason, it is important to examine current SEC rules and regulations affecting the ability of investment research coverage regarding these small issuers. The Treasury report on Capital Markets recommended a holistic review of the rules and regulations regarding research, including the global settlement, to determine which provisions should be retained, amended, or removed. Our bipartisan bill, the Improving Investment Research for Small and Emerging Issuers Act would direct the SEC to study and evaluate issues affecting the ability of emerging growth companies and other small issuers in obtaining research coverage, including SEC rules, FINRA rules, State and Federal liability concerns, the 2003 Global Research Analyst Settlements, and MiFID II. And not later than 180 days after enactment of that, the SEC will be required to submit to Congress a report that includes the results of the study and recommendations to assist these emerging growth companies, or EGCs, and other small issuers to obtain research coverage. Among the issues the SEC must consider are factors related to the demand for such research by institutional and retail investors, cost considerations for such research, and the impact on the availability of research coverage for small issuers due to a variety of market and regulatory conditions. The SEC’s report must include recommendations to increase the demand for, volume of, and quality of investment research into small issuers, including EGCs. This legislation is supported by Biotechnology Industry Organization, also known as BIO; the U.S. Chamber of Commerce; Nasdaq; the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, also known as SIFMA; and the National Venture Capital Association. I thank the ranking member, Ms. WATERS , for recognizing the importance of this research in our capital markets and working with me to address this issue and being a cosponsor of this. So I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6139, the Improving Investment Research for Small and Emerging Issuers Act. I first would like to thank Mr. HUIZENGA for working with me to develop a bipartisan approach to identifying and addressing gaps in investment research coverage for small issuers. Investment research helps to raise investor awareness, understanding, and interest about a company, which can, in turn, promote liquidity and overall trading in the company’s securities. Unfortunately, research of small public companies has been on the decline in recent years. According to a report from Capital IQ, nearly twothirds of companies with less than $100 million in market capitalization have no research coverage at all. At a recent Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment Subcommittee hearing, Tyler Gellasch, executive director of the Healthy Markets Association, testified about some of the factors contributing to low research coverage of small issuers. According to Mr. Gellasch, one such factor is the bundling of research and execution services by investment banks, which ‘‘increases cost for investors and competitively disadvantages smaller independent research providers versus their larger peers.’’ H.R. 6139 directs the SEC to study competition in the research market and other factors affecting the availability of research coverage for small issuers, including emerging growth companies and companies considering an initial public offering. It also directs SEC to consider any unique challenges faced by minority women and veteranowned businesses in obtaining research coverage. Finally, the bill directs the SEC to report its findings to Congress within 6 months, along with recommendations to improve the quality and availability of investment research for small issuers. This bipartisan effort will help identify the barriers small businesses face when attempting to get their story out to investors in our public capital markets. I would urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I want to, again, thank the ranking member for her work on this and being able to move forward on this very important issue. And I, again, want to encourage all of our friends on all sides, on both sides of the aisle, to be supportive of this. It is a very important thing as we figure out the situation with the IPOs here in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6139. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
THE LARRY DOBY CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1861) to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1861 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘The Larry Doby Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
Congress finds that— (1) Larry Doby was born in Camden, South Carolina, on December 13, 1923, and moved to Paterson, New Jersey, in 1938, where he became a standout 4 sport athlete at Paterson Eastside High School; (2) Larry Doby attended Long Island University on a basketball scholarship before enlisting in the United States Navy during World War II; (3) upon his honorable discharge from the Navy in 1946, Larry Doby played baseball in the Negro National League for the Newark Eagles; (4) after playing the 1946 season, Larry Doby’s contract was purchased by the Cleveland Indians of the American League on July 3, 1947; (5) on July 5, 1947, Larry Doby became the first AfricanAmerican to play in the American League; (6) Larry Doby played in the American League for 13 years, appearing in 1,533 games and batting .283, with 253 home runs and 970 runs batted in; (7) Larry Doby was voted to 7 AllStar teams, led the American League in home runs twice, and played in 2 World Series; (8) in 1948, Larry Doby helped lead the Cleveland Indians to a World Series Championship over the Boston Braves and became the first AfricanAmerican player to hit a home run in a World Series game; (9) after his stellar playing career ended, Larry Doby continued to make a significant contribution to his community; (10) Larry Doby was a pioneer in the cause of civil rights and received honorary doctorate degrees from Long Island University, Princeton University, and Fairfield University; (11) in 1978, Larry Doby became the manager of the Chicago White Sox, only the second AfricanAmerican manager of a Major League Baseball team; (12) Larry Doby was the Director of Community Relations for the New Jersey Nets of the National Basketball Association, where he was deeply involved in a number of inner city youth programs; and (13) Larry Doby was inducted to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1998. 
(a) P RESENTATION AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, as dean of the Texas delegation, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas, the Honorable MICHAEL CLOUD , be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will Representative elect CLOUD and the members of the Texas delegation present themselves in the well. All Members will rise and the Representativeelect will please raise his right hand. Mr. CLOUD appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Congress. 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE MICHAEL CLOUD TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to introduce to the House of Representatives the new Congressman for the 27th Congressional District of Texas, the Honorable MICHAEL CLOUD . MICHAEL is a husband and a father. His wife and three children are either in the gallery or on the floor. He lives in Victoria, Texas. He is a graduate of Oral Roberts University, so the Oklahomans will enjoy that. He has been a Republican county chairman in his home county for 7 years. He has been a member of the State executive committee of the Republican Party of Texas for a number of years. He won a primary of six people. He got into a runoff and became the Republican nominee. He won the special election against nine people. He is the 10,949th Member of the House of Representatives. He is the 264th Member to represent the great State of Texas. He is the 23rd Member to represent Victoria, Texas, and he is the third Member to represent the 27th Congressional District of Texas. I want to introduce to Mr. CLOUD the House of Representatives. This is the greatest legislative body in the world, whether you are DONYOUNG , who has been here for more than four decades, or DEBBIE LESKO , who has been here for less than 4 months. You now have a voting card. You have an equal vote to all other Members here. You are part of a group that has to be elected. Not one Member is on this floor because they were appointed. They were all elected by their constituents to represent the greatest Nation in the world. Congratulations, and welcome to the House of Representatives. 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO SERVE AS REPRESENTATIVE FOR THE 27TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS (Mr. CLOUD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CLOUD. Mr. Speaker, I do want to extend my sincerest appreciation and gratitude for the generosity and professionalism that you have shown to us as we have made this very quick transition. Thank you very much. All right, there we go. This is Ean over there, my 12yearold Zoe, and Kent. Kent’s birthday is tomorrow. And my sister, Sara. I am also happy to be joined by my wife, Rosel. I have learned to keep this short. You know, there are three words that set us apart from every other nation: ‘‘We, the people.’’ It is those three words that set us apart in history and the three words that allow someone like me and people like us to serve in an elected body like this. So to the people of District 27 in Texas who elected me to serve, I take this responsibility seriously, and I ask for your continued prayers in serving well. And to the people of this body, I look forward to working with you as we work toward this more perfect union and continue this experiment in self government that has been handed to us from our Founders, and I pray that we have the courage and we have the strength to do what is right and to serve the people of this Nation well. God bless you so much. Thank you for being here. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be authorized to file a supplemental report on the resolution, H. Res. 928. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of New York). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1700) to amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize the SCORE program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1700 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘SCORE for Small Business Act of 2018’’. 
Section 20 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (f); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) SCORE PROGRAM .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1) such sums as are necessary for the Administrator to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements in a total amount that does not exceed $10,500,000 in each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020.’’. 
Section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘a Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘the SCORE program described in subsection (c)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘SCORE may’’ and inserting ‘‘the SCORE program may’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) SCORE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) DEFINITION .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) SCORE 
ASSOCIATION .—The term ‘SCORE Association’ means the Service Corps of Retired Executives Association or any successor or other organization that receives a grant from the Administrator to operate the SCORE program under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) SCORE 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized by subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) MANAGEMENT AND VOLUNTEERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide a grant to the SCORE Association to manage the SCORE program. ‘‘(B) VOLUNTEERS .—A volunteer participating in the SCORE program shall— ‘‘(i) based on the business experience and knowledge of the volunteer— ‘‘(I) provide at no cost to individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business concerns personal counseling, mentoring, and coaching relating to the process of starting, expanding, managing, buying, and selling a business; and ‘‘(II) facilitate lowcost education workshops for individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business concerns; and ‘‘(ii) as appropriate, use tools, resources, and expertise of other organizations to carry out the SCORE program. ‘‘(3) PLANS AND GOALS .—The Administrator, in consultation with the SCORE Association, shall ensure that the SCORE program and each chapter of the SCORE program develop and implement plans and goals to more effectively and efficiently provide services to individuals in rural areas, economically disadvantaged communities, and other traditionally underserved communities, including plans for electronic initiatives, webbased initiatives, chapter expansion, partnerships, and the development of new skills by volunteers participating in the SCORE program. ‘‘(4) ANNUAL REPORT .—The SCORE Association shall submit to the Administrator an annual report that contains— ‘‘(A) the number of individuals counseled or trained under the SCORE program; ‘‘(B) the number of hours of counseling provided under the SCORE program; and ‘‘(C) to the extent possible— ‘‘(i) the number of small business concerns formed with assistance from the SCORE program; ‘‘(ii) the number of small business concerns expanded with assistance from the SCORE program; and ‘‘(iii) the number of jobs created with assistance from the SCORE program. ‘‘(5) PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Neither the Administrator nor the SCORE Association may disclose the name, address, or telephone number of any individual or small business concern receiving assistance from the SCORE Association without the consent of such individual or small business concern, unless— ‘‘(i) the Administrator is ordered to make such a disclosure by a court in any civil or criminal enforcement action initiated by a Federal or State agency; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines such a disclosure to be necessary for the purpose of conducting a financial audit of the SCORE program, in which case disclosure shall be limited to the information necessary for the audit. ‘‘(B) ADMINISTRATOR USE OF INFORMATION .— This paragraph shall not— ‘‘(i) restrict the access of the Administrator to program activity data; or ‘‘(ii) prevent the Administrator from using client information to conduct client surveys. ‘‘(C) STANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, after the opportunity for notice and comment, establish standards for— ‘‘(I) disclosures with respect to financial audits under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(II) conducting client surveys, including standards for oversight of the surveys and for dissemination and use of client information. ‘‘(ii) MAXIMUM PRIVACY PROTECTION .—The standards issued under this subparagraph shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the maximum amount of privacy protection.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(c)), as amended by section 3, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) ONLINE COMPONENT .—In carrying out this subsection, the SCORE Association shall make use of online counseling, including by developing and implementing webinars and an electronic mentoring platform to expand access to services provided under this subsection and to further support entrepreneurs.’’. (b) ONLINE COMPONENT REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—At the end of fiscal year 2019, the SCORE Association shall issue a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate on the effectiveness of the online counseling and webinars required as part of the SCORE program, including a description of— (A) how the SCORE Association determines electronic mentoring and webinar needs, develops training for electronic mentoring, establishes webinar criteria curricula, and evaluates webinar and electronic mentoring results; 
(B) the internal controls that are used and a summary of the topics covered by the webinars; and (C) performance metrics, including the number of small business concerns counseled by, the number of small business concerns created by, the number of jobs created and retained by, and the funding amounts directed towards such online counseling and webinars. (2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, the terms ‘‘SCORE Association’’ and ‘‘SCORE program’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 8(c)(1) of the Small Business Act, as added by section 3 of this Act. 
SEC. 5. STUDY AND REPORT ON THE FUTURE ROLE OF THE SCORE PROGRAM. 
(a) S TUDY .—The SCORE Association shall carry out a study on the future role of the SCORE program and develop a strategic plan for how the SCORE program will meet the needs of small business concerns during the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, with specific objectives for the first, third, and fifth years of the 5year period. (b) REPORT .—Not later than the end of the 6month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the SCORE Association shall issue a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate containing— (1) all findings and determination made in carrying out the study required under subsection (a); (2) the strategic plan developed under subsection (a); (3) an explanation of how the SCORE Association plans to achieve the strategic plan, assuming both stagnant and increased funding levels. (c) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘SCORE Association’’ and ‘‘SCORE program’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 8(c)(1) of the Small Business Act, as added by section 3 of this Act. 
(a) S MALL BUSINESS ACT.—The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 7 (15 U.S.C. 636)— (A) in subsection (b)(12)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
PROGRAM ’’ after ‘‘SCORE’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (B) in subsection (m)(3)(A)(i)(VIII), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (2) in section 22 (15 U.S.C. 649)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(12), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. (b) OTHER LAWS.— (1) SMALL BUSINESS REAUTHORIZATION ACT  
OF 1997 .—Section 707 of the Small Business Reauthorization Act of 1997 (15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE) program’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program (as defined in section 8(c)(1) of the Small Business Act)’’. (2) VETERANS ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND  
SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 1999 .— Section 301 of the Veterans Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development Act of 1999 (15 U.S.C. 657b note) is amended by striking ‘‘Service Core of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. (3) MILITARY RESERVIST AND VETERAN  
SMALL BUSINESS REAUTHORIZATION AND OPPOR TUNITY ACT OF 2008 .—Section 3(5) of the Military Reservist and Veteran Small Business Reauthorization and Opportunity Act of 2008 (15 U.S.C. 636 note) is amended by striking ‘‘means the SCORE program’’. (4) CHILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2009 .—Section 621 of the Children’s Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009 (15 U.S.C. 657p) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B));’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(4)(A)(iv), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. (5) ENERGY POLICY AND CONSERVATION  
ACT.—Section 337(d)(2)(A) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6307(d)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) and the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. b1915 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, this evening, in support of H.R. 1700, the SCORE for Small Business Act of 2018, which was introduced by the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ), and I want to commend her for her leadership on this legislation. This legislation will allow the SCORE program to continue to offer business mentoring and training to thousands of entrepreneurs and small business owners each year. The SCORE program currently includes over 11,000 volunteer mentors, with expertise across 62 industries, who collectively provide more than a million hours of business counseling each year. When an entrepreneur seeks a SCORE mentor, they are purposely paired with a business professional with knowledge in a specific field or experience facing specific challenges. This process ensures that the concerns of the entrepreneur are met by the volunteer mentor. In addition to SCORE’s mentorship services, the program also offers in person business training classes at its 350 chapter locations nationwide. Entrepreneurs can also utilize the extensive online training opportunities and free business tools available on SCORE’s national website. Last fiscal year, SCORE trained over a half million clients, empowering them to start, run, and scale their business. This legislation will allow SCORE to continue to provide these important services. H.R. 1700 reauthorizes the SCORE program at $10.5 million for fiscal years 2019 and 2020, providing for enhanced services to SCORE clients. This legislation also formally changes the program’s name from the Service Core of Retired Executives to the more commonly used name of SCORE. Additionally, H.R. 1700 requires the SCORE Association to further utilize webinars and electronic mentoring as a way of increasing SCORE’s presence nationwide. H.R. 1700 will require the SCORE Association to develop a strategic plan for how the program will adapt to meet the needs of America’s entrepreneurs over the coming years. This requirement will not only allow for better congressional oversight of the SCORE program, but will also guarantee that taxpayer dollars contributing to the program are effectively used to serve the needs of the small business community. Considering the important role that small businesses play throughout our Nation and our communities, it is our responsibility to ensure that our entrepreneurs and small businesses have the resources that they need to be successful. H.R. 1700 is the way of doing just that, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1700, the SCORE for Small Business Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 1700, the SCORE for Small Business Act of 2018. There are nearly 30 million small businesses in the United States, representing more than 99 percent of all businesses. These small firms employ nearly 50 percent of all private sector employees in the United States. These trailblazers play a critical role in the American economy. They take great risks by launching new ventures, developing new products, and establishing new industries; and, ultimately, these brave efforts help spur growth in our economy. The Small Business Administration, SBA, is a vital part of their support system. The SBA administers a portfolio of Entrepreneurial Development programs, which includes the Service Corps of Retired Executives, better known as SCORE. Through this program, the SBA has undertaken efforts to connect new entrepreneurs and smallbusiness owners with more experienced businessmen 
and women. This expansive network consists of entrepreneurs, business leaders, and executives who volunteer as mentors to small firms both inperson and online. SCORE has grown to become one of the Federal Government’s largest volunteer business adviser and mentoring programs. In 2017, 59 percent of SCORE’s clients were women, 39 percent minorities, and 11 percent veterans. My legislation reauthorizes this essential program so that it will continue to have the ability to meet the needs of entrepreneurs. With technology enhancements and streamlined service processes, SCORE mentoring will now be accessible to business owners, no matter their location. I urge Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I would ask the gentlewoman from North Carolina if she has any further speakers this evening, and, if not, I believe I have the right to close. So if she has any concluding remarks, I would be happy to yield if the gentlewoman has any other speakers to speak on this issue because I would be closing then. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I do have the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ), who will speak on this issue. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I want to lend my voice to this very important essential legislation. Nothing is more important than mentoring, particularly in small businesses. I know in the particular case of the city of Philadelphia and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, SCORE is an important asset. I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership on something that is extremely essential, something that transcends parties. It is about economic growth and economic opportunity, and I thank her for her leadership that she has shown in understanding the importance of mentoring. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I do want to thank Chairman CHABOT  for his support. There is no question that we need to support our small businesses across the country, no matter their location, industry, or expertise level. My bill, H.R. 1700, provides that critical support by reauthorizing a major component of SBA’s entrepreneurial programs and clarifying the utilization of the volunteer base. This bill is supported by the SCORE Association and is reflective of the growth of this program that actively engages business owners, as well as retired executives, to mentor the next generation of job makers. I want to again thank Chairman CHABOT for working in a bipartisan manner to help our Nation’s small businesses and for his support to reauthorize SCORE. I would urge all of the Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the commonsense improvements in this bill will allow the SCORE program to continue its mission: helping entrepreneurs to start and grow their businesses. With over 99 percent of all businesses in the United States being classified as small, it is vital that these business owners have access to effective entrepreneurial resources. H.R. 1700 would ensure that, regardless of location, a smallbusiness owner can access SCORE mentoring and training. Mr. Speaker, I would, again, like to commend the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her leadership on this important matter. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1700, the SCORE for Small Business Act of 2017. H.R. 1700 amends the Small Business Act to reauthorize the SCORE program (Service Corps of Retired Executives) for FY2018– FY2019. The program is renamed as simply the SCORE program. The Small Business Administration (SBA) shall award a grant to the SCORE Association (or any successor group) in order to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs. By passing this bill, we are ensuring that the program and each of its chapters develop and implement plans and goals to provide services more effectively and efficiently to individuals in rural areas, economically disadvantaged communities, and other traditionally underserved communities. Such requirements includes plans for electronic initiatives, webbased initiatives, chapter expansion, partnerships, and the development of new skills by participating volunteers. The SBA’s SCORE program embodies the power of publicprivate partnerships and is dedicated to educating and assisting entrepreneurs and small business owners in the formation, growth and expansion of their small businesses. I want to thank all the trained volunteers that serve as counselor’s advisors and mentors to aspiring entrepreneurs and business owners. Further, there are approximately 13,000 volunteer business counselors with 348 chapters across the country. Established in 1965, the Houston chapter has more than 130+ volunteers covering the 9county Greater Houston Area. These services are offered at no fee, as a community service. According to the SCORE Association, in FY13, SCORE estimates that it served over 400,000 clients, and helped to create more than 40,500 new businesses and more than 67,098 new jobs. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 1700 as it is vital that we support. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1700, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2655) to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property education and training for small businesses, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2655 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Innovation Protection Act of 2017’’. 
In this Act— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the SBA; (2) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO; (3) the term ‘‘SBA’’ means the Small Business Administration; (4) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)); (5) the term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648); and (6) the term ‘‘USPTO’’ means the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
Congress finds that— (1) the USPTO and the SBA are positioned to— (A) build upon several successful intellectual property and training programs aimed at small business concerns; and (B) increase the availability of and the participation in those programs across the United States; and (2) any education and training program administered by the USPTO and the SBA should be scalable so that the program is able to reach more small business concerns. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator and the Director shall enter into a partnership agreement under which the Administrator and Director shall— (1) develop highquality training, including inperson or modular training sessions, for small business concerns relating to— (A) domestic and international protection of intellectual property; and (B) how such protections should be considered in the business plans and growth strategies of the small business concerns; and (2) leverage existing training materials already developed to educate inventors and small business concerns. (b) TRAINING .—The training developed under subsection (a) may be provided by the Administrator, the Director, or small business development centers established under section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648)— 
(1) through electronic resources, including Internetbased webinars; and (2) at physical locations, including at— (A) a small business development center; or (B) the headquarters or a regional office of the USPTO. 
Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (T), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) training developed by the Administrator and the Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, which may be delivered in person or through a website to small business concerns relating to— ‘‘(i) domestic and international intellectual property protections; and ‘‘(ii) how such protections should be considered in the business plans and growth strategies of the small business concerns.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) and the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I rise this evening in support of another bill, H.R. 2655, the Small Business Innovation Protection Act of 2017, and I want to commend the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) for his leadership on this bill. As small entrepreneurs continue to expand their businesses both here and abroad, they must have the tools they need to protect their intellectual property. Entrepreneurs and smallbusiness owners have generated more than 63 percent of new jobs over the last two decades, and small businesses represent about 96 percent of employer firms in highpatenting manufacturing industries. However, the process for obtaining copyright, trademark, and patent protections both in the United States and abroad can be daunting, even for the most experienced smallbusiness owners. We need to ensure that smallbusiness owners have the tools they need to protect their innovative ideas and products, as intellectual property protections are essential to promoting entrepreneurship and innovation. Smallbusiness owners often do not have the knowledge or resources to protect their ideas and products, especially when they are competing in the international marketplace. Most simply cannot afford to retain attorneys to guide them through the difficult process of obtaining intellectual property protections, which leaves them vulnerable to their innovative ideas and products being stolen both here in the United States and internationally. This bipartisan legislation, introduced by my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) addresses this issue by forming a partnership between the SBA, the Small Business Administration, and the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, giving entrepreneurs the full breadth of knowledge of the Small Business Development Center system and the USPTO. The partnership will provide training for smallbusiness owners, which can be provided by the USPTO, the SBA, or a Small Business Development Center either electronically or at a physical location. This legislation utilizes existing resources at both agencies to better assist smallbusiness owners and expand their outreach efforts to provide small businesses with the resources they need to address intellectual property issues. Considering the important role that small entrepreneurs play in our global marketplace, it is our responsibility to ensure that they have the resources they need to better protect their intellectual property. H.R. 2655 addresses this important small business issue and, therefore, I would urge my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank Mr. EVANS for his leadership on this, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise to support H.R. 2655, the Small Business Innovation Protection Act of 2017. Innovation is an indispensable driver of economic growth and it ensures America’s competitive edge in the global marketplace, but many small innovators who should have IP rights are disadvantaged by a complex system which allows their property to be pirated. Much of the time, all they needed was access to the resources, the expertise, and the knowledge to obtain, monitor, and enforce their rights. H.R. 2655 corrects this by creating a partnership between the two agencies best suited to help these innovators: the Small Business Administration and the United States Patent and Trademark Office. By leveraging existing IP education and training programs and utilizing the immense network of Small Business Development Centers, innovators will have all the necessary resources to better protect their interests both domestically and internationally. b1930 I applaud Representative EVANS for recognizing the problem and working to advance the interests of our Nation’s small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2655, the Small Business Innovation Protection Act of 2017. I want to thank my colleague Congressman FITZPATRICK of Pennsylvania for working with me to help American small businesses via this critical piece of legislation. H.R. 2655 directs the Small Business Administration and the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and the Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to enter into a partnership agreement; one, to develop high quality training for small business concerns related to domestic and international protection of intellectual property and how such protections should be considered in small business concerns’ business plans and growth strategies. Number two, to leverage existing training material already developed to educate inventors as well as small business concerns. In addition, section 4 of this bill provides that the agencies must use the training material that they already have at their disposal. I think that Members of the Congress have a special duty to try and ensure that our small businesses have all the tools in the toolbox they need to succeed. We know that small businesses are critical to the economic strength of our country, especially new and growing techbased economies. That is why we should create programs like this to assist entrepreneurs in starting their own businesses, providing structure, and helping them with their progress. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, where there are already 1 million small businesses, which, according to the Pennsylvania SBDC, employ 2.4 million workers that make up 47 percent of the private sector labor force, it is critical that these businesses be able to protect their intellectual properties so that they will feel free to continue growth and innovation and prosper. This bill is a step in the right direction by expanding intellectual property education and training for small businesses. And frankly, Mr. Speaker, this bill is an example of how we can use the power of government to create narrowly tailored solutions to problems in the current public/private partnerships in Pennsylvania and around the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the support of my colleagues. In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, there is a letter from the Biotechnology Industry Organization written in support of this particular bill I ask that my colleagues support. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, intellectual property protections offer small innovative firms and entrepreneurs much needed 
protection at home and in other countries. In fact, small business firms with IP rights earned 32 percent more in revenue on average per employee when compared to their counterparts without IP rights. Without those protections, our economy may not be what it is today. H.R. 2655 offers necessary education and training to sustain America’s competitive edge and drive continued economic growth. As such, I once again urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this legislation strengthens the partnership between two important Federal agencies that help small businesses protect what they have created: the SBA and the USPTO. It is important that small firms across the Nation have access to all the tools that they need to protect their creations from intellectual property theft. Therefore, I would urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2655. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JOE’S BARBEQUE OF ALVIN, TEXAS, IS A GIFT (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, Alvin, Texas, is known nationally for two things: 42 inches of rain in 24 hours, our gift from Tropical Storm Claudette; and baseball strikeout king Nolan Ryan, our gift from the gods of baseball. But those gifts are in our past. Our now greatest gift has been going strong since 1976: Joe’s Barbeque. Owner Joe Saladino is a walking, Texantalking American dream. Joe opened with four tables, one barbecue pit, and three employees. He served eight potatoes per day; four at lunch and four at dinner. I was at Joe’s a few weeks ago, and man, oh, man, has that world changed. 1,200 Texans eat at Joe’s every single day. They enjoy 100 pounds of sausage, 80 briskets, and endless potatoes. 
THE SUPREME COURT IS SUPPOSED TO BE ABOVE POLITICS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the Supreme Court is supposed to be above politics. Justice is supposed to be blind. But rather than nominate a fair and balanced jurist to the Supreme Court, the man in the White House has nominated a rightwing operative to replace Justice Kennedy. Not only that, the nominee is someone who apparently believes that the President is above the law. Make no mistake. Judge Brett Kavanaugh is no Justice Kennedy. Whether we are talking about the disgraceful Starr Commission or Bush vs. Gore or the scandalous George W. Bush administration, Judge Kavanaugh has been there. His hands are covered in rightwing muck. This nomination threatens the rights and liberties the people of this Nation have died for. Confirming Judge Kavanaugh would destroy Roe vs. Wade. It would put ObamaCare at risk, and it would threaten the rights of samesex couples to marry. The American people demand justice, and justice is fair, not a justice who is full of hot air. f 
CONCERNS ABOUT JUDGE KAVANAUGH (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to convey my strong concerns about President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, Judge Brett Kavanaugh. If confirmed, Judge Kavanaugh will be in a crucial position to reshape the laws around a woman’s right to make her own medical decisions, but also he will be in a position to affect the right to access quality and affordable healthcare for millions of Americans, and legal protections for LGBTQ citizens. I am disturbed by Judge Kavanaugh’s record on these issues and many others. Millions of Americans rely on the Supreme Court to uphold these hardwon rights, and they are increasingly imperiled. My colleagues in the Senate must be sure that Judge Kavanaugh continues to do what the Supreme Court has done for years: preserve, protect, and uphold these constitutional rights for all Americans. If they cannot be sure that Judge Kavanaugh will do so, they must reject his nomination. 
NO COURT SHOULD BE TO THE RIGHT OR THE LEFT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, headlines of the New York Times: ‘‘Conservatives Close in on ThreeDecade Dream: Tipping Court to the Right.’’ Mr. Speaker, no court should be to the right or to the left. It should be for the American people. I ask the Senate, and I commit to my constituents, to fight for a thorough and long review of the nominee’s record, and to determine whether we are now appointing to the court a political biased aficionado; a person who has worked in politics and as well has shown his bias by way of his extensive and detailed and overthetop report in the Starr report. It will be interesting to find whether Mr. Kavanaugh has concern about all of America, because the Supreme Court holds in his hands that responsibility. The USA Today says, ‘‘Family Separation Combines Cruelty and Incompetence.’’ I ask for the Secretary of Homeland Security to immediately come to the House of Representatives, and I ask the Speaker to provide that opportunity for him to be able to speak to us about why he has lost children and why they are separated from their families. We need to stop the shooting of babies by those who leave guns for 2year olds to shoot themselves. f 
THE 2018 NATO SUMMIT (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, this week, America’s closest allies have come together to discuss issues critical to our common security at the 2018 NATO Summit. In these challenging times, with serious global threats, we must affirm our commitment to NATO. Liberty’s defense requires strong bonds with proven allies. Sadly and needlessly, our President’s wishywashy statements regarding the transatlantic alliance have already led to uncertainty and discomfort among our allies. How counterproductive. Instead of strengthening bridges among freedomloving nations, our President has derided our closest allies. He has cozied up to Vladimir Putin and North Korea’s dictator, even inviting Russia back into the G7 Group. Putin’s murderous regime is waging an illegal war in Ukraine, killing over 10,000 Ukrainians already, displacing millions, and actively seeks to undermine our democratic institutions and alliances. This President’s dangerous behavior is weakening U.S. leadership and global security. NATO has brought peace and security to libertyloving nations. We must be clearly resolute in our defense of liberty, and to that end, NATO. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LAURA SHIPP (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Laura Shipp. Laura attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Laura was a single mother to her son, Corey, who is a Marine Corps reservist. Laura and her son had a strong relationship, and she had even moved from California to Las Vegas so she could be closer to him. Laura loved the Los Angeles Dodgers and country music. She was protective of those that she loved and had a big heart. Laura is remembered as being a smart woman who would always make sure to buy her son and nephew a toy or a snack, even when she didn’t have a lot of money. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my condolences to Laura Shipp’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
b1945 PULLING OUT OF IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, throughout the next hour, we will discuss the President’s correct decision to pull out of the Iran nuclear agreement, otherwise known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, as well as the urgent need to eliminate Iran’s problematic nuclear and nonnuclear activities. Joining me tonight are Members of Congress from across our great country who are deeply passionate about America’s best interests and supportive of the President’s decision to withdraw from the Iran deal. Mr. Speaker, this first speaker who we will hear from tonight is someone who I was elected with in 2014, who I have had many conversations with about the importance of ensuring that America’s foreign policy is strong, consistent, and effective. He has been a strong, consistent, and effective voice for the need to pursue a better path forward with regard to the United States’ relationship with Iran and the need to combat their nuclear and nonnuclear activities. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for his leadership in this House on this important topic and for his voice that carries across all freedomloving people about the relationship that we are trying to have with Iran; on the failures of the Iranian nuclear deal and why it is a bad deal for America and for our allies; why it has put the American people at risk and our security at risk, particularly for not only our country, but our allies, and, particularly, our ally Israel. This deal has major flaws that have been noted over the past couple of years, including the sunset provisions, which never should have been included, and zero monitoring of the Iranian military or the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps sites. It allowed continued research and development on advanced centrifuges for the Iranian nuclear program, and it didn’t prohibit, Mr. Speaker, any ballistic missile technology. In fact, when Secretary Kerry was negotiating this deal, Iranian representatives traveled to Moscow, no doubt to attempt to acquire ballistic missile technology. My concerns are shared, Mr. Speaker, by a large bipartisan group in the House, and I recall the votes in the Senate to disapprove this deal. These procedural votes in the Senate demonstrated that the nuclear deal negotiated by Mr. Kerry and Mr. Obama was well short of the treaty approval level—that is, twothirds of the Senate—which would have been necessary had the Obama administration actually attempted to submit the JCPOA as a treaty. Without decertification, this deal allowed Iran to head in the same direction as North Korea, and I support the President in his decision to decertify the Iran nuclear deal. Mr. Speaker, I pledge to work with my colleagues in the House like Mr. BARR from Kentucky, who chairs our Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade on sanctions; my colleague Mr. ZELDIN on the Financial Services Committee; as well as our colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee who will support policies that will target Iran’s terror financing, its missile technology, its violations of human rights, and, certainly, the topic of the night, its nuclear program. It is well documented by the U.S. Department of State in multiple administrations that Iran is the world’s number one state sponsor of terrorism. They have a history of arresting American citizens and citizens of other Western countries with no chance of a fair trial. We must not forget the people of Iran who are living under the oppression of this extremist Islamic regime that is a persistent violator of human rights and religious freedom. Recently, just in May, the regime arrested a 19yearold Iranian girl for posting on Instagram a video of herself dancing in her own room. Dancing. I stand here tonight with the people of Iran and support their peaceful protests against the oppressive and corrupt mullahs in Tehran. The House took an important step earlier this year by passing a resolution in support of the Iranian people. Today, Iran’s economy is on the brink of collapse. What happened to the $150 billion in freed financial assets that was unfrozen on day one in the Iranian deal? There was no quid pro quo on that. Those funds were freed, Mr. Speaker, on day one, whether Iran complied with the longterm aspects of the agreement or not. What happened to the $1.7 billion, pallets of currency that were delivered to the mullahs by the Obama administration in the middle of the night at the Geneva airport? Where is that money for the Iranian people? It is not hard to guess where it went or who has it, which is why we passed Congressman BRUCE POLIQUIN ’s bill, the Iranian Leadership Asset Transparency Act, a commonsense measure that will let the people of Iran see what the regime is doing with those billions, and what has happened to them since Iran got the money back. I call on the Senate to pass this bill so that we can show the world how corrupt the regime is. Today, Mr. Speaker, the Iranian currency compared to the U.S. dollar is over 40,000 to 1. On the eve of the Islam Republic, it was 70 to 1. The Iranian people have borne the brunt of 35 years of corruption and terror, and I stand with them tonight, and I stand against the failures of the deal that we are talking about. At this critical moment in Iran’s history, I stand on the floor of the American people’s House, and the Iranian people are in the streets, not chanting ‘‘death to America,’’ Mr. Speaker, but marching for the same endowed freedoms that we enjoy here every day: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ZELDIN for hosting this Special Order and for giving Members the opportunity to participate and highlight the flaws of this failed nuclear deal, the importance of why decertification works, and the corruption and the brutality of the Iranian mullahs. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for his comments. The people of Arkansas who listened to his remarks this evening, people back in my district who are listening to Congressman HILL, and people from all around America, can tell that he gets it. Unfortunately, as we were negotiating the Iran nuclear deal, we had people who were negotiating from weaker and weaker positions, and, unfortunately, ended up accepting a deal that crossed many of their own red lines that were set. I think we would have been in much better shape if we had more people like the gentleman 
from Arkansas in the administration at that time. Fortunately, he is here in Congress with us, and I thank the gentleman for participating this evening. Speaking of getting it, we have another leader from the House Financial Services Committee, chairman of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, ANDYBARRfrom the great State of Kentucky, an exceptional Member of Congress who understands the financial system of our great country, the leverage that we have with regard to the sanctions, the way that leverage disappeared, and the way that we negotiated away that leverage with the sanctions relief. He understands that we are dealing with an adversary that doesn’t respect weakness. They only respect strength. I appreciate the gentleman being here and everything he does in the Financial Services Committee here in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), for his important leadership and his voice on this very critical issue and for being a stalwart defender of the rocksolid alliance between the American people and the State of Israel, and the important relationship that represents; Israel, of course, being an island of moderation in a very dark and dangerous part of the world. When the United States is asked to make foreign policy decisions, it is my view and it is Congressman ZELDIN ’s view that we should stand with our allies. We should stand with Israel. We should not stand with our enemies. We should not stand with the mullahs in Tehran. But, instead, we should stand with our ally who always opposed this dangerous Iran nuclear deal. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and I agree with the President’s assessment that the Iran deal gave too many benefits to Iran for too little in return. I also want to thank my colleague and friend FRENCH HILL, who also serves with Congressman ZELDIN and myself on the House Financial Services Committee, where the three of us have an important responsibility to the American people, our constituents, and our allies, and that is oversight of the Department of the Treasury’s implementation and enforcement of sanctions. More than 4 years ago, the Obama administration reached this flawed nuclear deal with Iran. Since then, the destabilizing role that this rogue regime has played in the Middle East has not waned, but, instead, it has grown. Despite all the concessions to Iran, the Iranian leadership continues to lead mobs of supporters chanting ‘‘death to America’’ and ‘‘death to Israel,’’ and promises to wipe Israel off the face of the planet. The leadership in Tehran continues to pose a range of threats to the national security of the United States and the security of our allies in the region and beyond. As many observers have noted, the regime in Tehran does not see itself as leading a country focused on security and prosperity within its borders, but, instead, leading a revolution that it seeks to expand at the expense of its neighbors and the United States and it is allies. Iran continues to represent the number one state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Iran has received significant sanctions relief under the Obama administration’s flawed nuclear deal. The regime is selling oil on the international market. It has received access to tens of billions of dollars in funds held abroad, and it has signed deals worth more than $100 billion in foreign investments. This includes, as the gentleman from Arkansas pointed out, $1.8 billion in cash that the Obama administration gave to Iran up front under the previous administration’s false narrative that this agreement would help make the Middle East more stable and a safer place. Yet, Iran continues to destabilize the Middle East and undermine U.S. foreign policy. The regime’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and its terrorist proxy, Hezbollah, continue to prop up the murderous Assad regime in Syria and fuel tension across the region. Hezbollah has stockpiled tens of thousands of advanced rockets in Lebanon, allowing it to strike targets throughout Israel, and this is after the consummation of the Iran nuclear deal. At home, the regime continues to deny the Iranian people basic human rights, while detaining several Americans. Iran’s socalled moderate president, Hassan Rouhani, gave the order to ‘‘expedite’’ the production of intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of striking the United States while presiding over the most executions in 25 years. There is, according to the defenders of the JCPOA, a false narrative that they perpetuate, and the media is complicit. The false narrative being that Iran is in compliance with the deal, and this is despite reports that Iran continues trying to illicitly procure nuclear equipment from Germany after the deal was reached. The Obama administration subsidized Iran’s nuclear program by purchasing heavy water, a chemical used to make weaponsgrade plutonium. Furthermore, we know that this deal, by its own architecture, was not designed to ensure compliance, because there is no effective verification procedure embedded in the deal. Under the current JCPOA, the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors are not even allowed to check Iranian military sites, the sites that are most likely to be the places where Iran houses and conducts its nuclear testing. A comprehensive, nonotice inspection regime must be put into place in any future agreement, which President Trump has ensured would be part of his better alternative. Ballistic missiles: In addition, Iran continues to develop and test ballistic missiles that threaten Israel and the United States. According to joint intelligence reports, Iran has launched well over 23 ballistic missiles since the signing of the JCPOA. Far from lessening the threat, the Iran nuclear deal emboldened Iran to continue to violate U.N. Security Council resolutions, specifically, a blatant disregard of U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231 that formally approved the Iran nuclear deal. b2000 Specifically, that resolution called on Iran to not undertake any activity related to ballistic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear weapons, including launches using such ballistic missile technology. Ballistic missiles, Mr. Speaker, are the most reliable way to deliver nuclear warheads, and no country has maintained an expensive missile program without also aspiring to possess nuclear weapons. The leadership in Iran in negotiating this agreement professed a commitment to civilian nuclear power. Why then continue to develop ballistic missiles, Mr. Speaker, if you are committed to only peaceful nuclear power? As former Secretary of Defense Ash Carter testified to Congress in 2016, President Obama’s own Defense Secretary: The I in ICBM stands for intercontinental, which means having the capability to fly from Iran to the United States. Intercontinental ballistic missiles, as our friend, Prime Minister Netanyahu, pointed out, are not designed for Tel Aviv. Those missiles are designed for Los Angeles, New York, Atlanta, and Chicago. Support for Hezbollah hasn’t waned since the Iran nuclear deal was consummated, since it was signed. Iran is and continues to be the largest state sponsor of terrorism, and current estimates indicate that Iran provides Hezbollah approximately $800 million annually. According to the State Department, Iran provides the majority of financial support for Hezbollah and Lebanon and has trained thousands of terrorist group fighters at camps in Iran. Regrettably, this deal that provided billions of dollars in sanctions relief and billions of dollars in hard currency to the rogue regime in Tehran is fueling Iranian support for Hezbollah. In addition to fighters, Hezbollah is believed to possess over 100,000 missiles. It has been reported that Iran has built weapons factories for Hezbollah in southern Lebanon, providing the ability to produce destructive munitions on its own near Israel. It has sent fighters to Syria on behalf of the Assad regime and helped train and develop Shiite militias furthering Iranian interests in Iraq and Yemen. 
This combat experience in Syria and Iraq is particularly alarming as Hezbollah now has thousands of experienced fighters at its disposal who can be redeployed to other conflicts in the future. The Iran nuclear deal has fueled this export of terrorism. Finally, reports indicate that Iran civilian airlines also participate in the conflict by flying arms and fighters to Syria from Iran and other locations in the Middle East. We have heard directly testimony in our committee as the House Financial Services Committee has conducted searching oversight over the implementation of the Iran nuclear deal that, in fact, this agreement has facilitated and fueled civilian airlines being used to send arms and fighters to support the murderous Assad regime. Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I joined my colleagues here tonight not opposed to diplomacy and not opposed to any Iran nuclear deal. In fact, all of us would like to see a peaceful denuclearization of Iran. We would like democracy and freedom for the people of Iran. We stand with the people in Iran. We are not against any agreement. We simply stand against a bad nuclear deal that is not verifiable, that doesn’t prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, but instead paves the way for Iran to have a nuclear arsenal. We stand opposed to a bad nuclear deal that threatens our allies, that threatens Israel, and that threatens the American people. We believe that the President can and will negotiate a better deal for America, and it is incumbent upon Congress to help this administration access the leverage it needs to achieve that objective and to support his vision to help hold Iran accountable to the United States and our allies. What would this agreement entail? Why would a new agreement be better than the current JCPOA? It would remove all of the flawed sunset provisions; it would require Iran to suspend any support of terrorist proxies; it would require Iran to permanently and irreversibly end its ballistic missile program; and it would include much better verification that would allow international inspectors access to all sites, including sites that are most likely to contain illicit nuclear activity. Mr. Speaker, once again, I am proud to stand with the ally of the United States, Israel, and stand against our enemy, the mullahs in Tehran. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) again for his outstanding leadership and his passionate voice in defense of American national security and in defense of Israel and our other allies. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for speaking. That was outstanding. For anyone who is trying to get caught up with the 101, 201, or 301 of what has been going on over the course of the last few years and hasn’t been paying attention, they can just listen to the gentleman’s remarks two or three times over and understand, study, ask questions, and get brought completely up to speed as far as what went wrong and how we go forward from here. So I thank the gentleman for participating, for his leadership, and for his great remarks tonight. When I was first elected, I would be at events, and I would let people know about how I have two titles being both the highest ranking Jewish Republican in Congress and the lowest ranking Jewish Republican in Congress. But then the numbers doubled. We went from one to two in 115th. If you are keeping score at home, that means we are on pace so that in January of 2023 there will be a minyan here in the House of Representatives of Jewish Republicans. So we have a little ways to go, but we are blessed to have a freshman who is joining us here tonight from the great State of Tennessee, DAVID KUSTOFF , whom I guess I will call the cochair of the Jewish Republican caucus of the House of Representatives. He is my friend from Tennessee, a great Member, a great freshman Member, and a great leader and voice on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ). Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. My friend from New York is my leader. I recognize that and will yield to him in that respect. I also appreciate his taking the time to organize this evening this very important issue. I think we all realize that the defense of our Nation and our allies is one of the most important reasons that we function as a government. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of President Trump’s recent decision to withdraw from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action also known as the Iran deal. In November of 2017, I spoke here on the House floor lauding President Trump’s decision to decertify the Iran deal. Today I am glad to stand here with the news that the United States is finally withdrawing from this deeply flawed deal and reimposing tough sanctions on Tehran. Just a few months ago, April 30 of this year, the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu unveiled a massive supply of documents revealing Iran’s developments of a secret nuclear weapons program while claiming otherwise. In reality, Iran kept these documents in a secured vault ensuring that the International Atomic Energy Agency would never find them during their inspection. With the Prime Minister’s revelations, the Iranian regime is believed to have been falsifying reports to the agency for years, and the deal failed in its basic objective to prevent the regime from obtaining nuclear weapons. This hard evidence by Israeli intelligence only further illustrates that Iran cannot be trusted by the international community and only continues to harbor hostility that threatens our national security interests. As we have seen over the years, the Iran deal has also failed to prevent the further testing of ballistic missiles. According to the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, Iran has launched 23 illicit ballistic missiles since the beginning of the signing of the Iran deal in July of 2015. Now, one of these was a new long range missile with capabilities to carry multiple warheads. This was the country’s third test of a missile with a range of approximately 1,200 miles and fully capable of reaching Israel. Against multiple United Nations Security Council resolutions, Iran continues to invest time, invest energy, and invest resources into its ballistic missile program. These illicit tests are dangerous, they are unacceptable, and they cannot continue to occur. Additionally, Iran continues to be one of the world’s largest state sponsors of terrorism with the IRGC operatives in Lebanon, in Syria, and in Gaza, all of which surrounds our friend and our ally, Israel. Just today, Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps Deputy Commander Major General Hossein Salami stated that Iran’s regional allies were ‘‘awaiting orders to eradicate the evil regime.’’ This is in reference to Israel. It is clear that Iran’s aggression in the region is dramatically increasing, leaving Israel and other surrounding countries vulnerable to a nuclear weapons attack. This past February, just a few months ago, Israel shot down an Iranian drone that had been dispatched from a Syrian airbase 30 seconds after it crossed into Israeli airspace. It was not until April 13 of this year when Israel revealed that the Iranian drone was carrying explosives with plans to attack and destroy an unspecified target in Israel. Think about it. Had this situation been escalated to nuclear warfare, one can only imagine the devastation that would have ensued. We have got to say enough is enough. We cannot enable Iran to enrich tons of uranium; we cannot enable Iran to test ballistic missiles against the United Nations Security Council resolutions; we cannot enable Iran to funnel $150 billion of frozen assets to terrorist proxies such as Hamas and Hezbollah; and we cannot enable Iran’s belligerence to escalate. While the previous administration failed in their intent to inhibit Iran from its perilous activities, quite frankly, President Trump did not. He did the right thing for the United States; he did the right thing for Israel; and he did the right thing for our allies throughout the world. I am pleased that the President saw the dangers of the Iran deal as it did not stop Iran’s ambition to become nuclear, but rather paves it. As we work in Congress to implement further sanctions against the Iranian 
regime, we must protect our allies in the Middle East and effectively prevent Iran from progressing with their nuclear weapons program. I, again, want to thank my friend and my colleague from New York, Congressman ZELDIN , for leading this discussion so that all the issues and, frankly, all the facts can be out on the table. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the great leadership Congressman ZELDIN has shown on this issue. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee. It is so great to have him here not just for tonight’s remarks and his leadership on this issue, it is just so great to have him in Congress. I thank the gentleman so much for his friendship and for his important leadership. Mr. Speaker, last month, President Trump correctly withdrew the United States from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, JCPOA, otherwise known as the Iran nuclear deal. Tonight, during this hour, several Members of Congress were speaking here on the House floor regarding the administration’s strategy to curb Iran’s malign interests in the region and ensure Iran is no longer rewarded for its bad behavior. The Iran deal was fatally flawed for what was in it and fatally flawed for what was not in it. First, it is important to reflect on key lessons that should be learned from the manner in which the United States made several bad errors negotiating this socalled deal. b2015 We must learn these lessons to make sure that history never repeats itself. First, the United States signed a preliminary agreement in 2013 that preemptively traded a large portion of our leverage even before formal negotiations began. The Iranians came to the table desperate for sanctions relief. They were not there as freedomloving, good citizens of the world, nor were they aspiring to be. The leverage was sanctions relief, which was proof that the sanctions were working. Nonnuclear activities weren’t also on the table but should have been. Once you negotiate away all the leverage that will bring the Iranians to the table in the first place, you don’t have the leverage left to deal with all of Iran’s bad activities that you need to deal with. Second, the United States underestimated just how desperate the Iranian leadership was in order to stay in power. There is no reason for the United States to assume the position of weakness that it did in the negotiation. We should have been, by far, the stronger party in the talks. For some very odd reason, the United States continued to negotiate from a weaker and weaker position for no good or acceptable reason. Next, one red line after another was crossed, set by the United States. When they were crossed, there were no consequences, further weakening our negotiating hand. The United States also very much cared about hitting target dates that the Iranians didn’t care whether or not were hit. That, too, further weakened our negotiating hand. When the President and his administration gets rolled by a foreign adversary, we all, as Americans, are getting rolled. It is a huge problem. This was made worse by paying a $1.7 billion cash ransom to get our hostages released. Pallets of unmarked cash had to be airlifted and delivered at the same exact time as the releasing of our hostages. Now, there are a lot of people who say it wasn’t a ransom. When you have to pay $1.7 billion on pallets of cash delivered at the exact same moment as releasing the hostages, it is kind of hard to cut it any other way. Paying this cash ransom to the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism showed the ridiculous lengths the Obama administration was willing to go, at any and all costs, to appease Iran and show weakness to other American adversaries who were witnessing this all play out. Recent reports revealed that the Obama administration misled the American people and granted a license letting Iran access the United States’ financial system when U.S. Government officials pledged that they would never allow Iran to access U.S. investments or markets. This Iran nuclear ‘‘deal’’ provided Iran with a jackpot of up $150 billion in sanctions relief without even asking for a signature. Secretary Kerry called it ‘‘an unsigned political commitment.’’ Ben Rhodes, the White House’s taxpayerfunded fiction writer, created an echo chamber to promote a false narrative and sell a devil’s bargain of a deal to the American people. Even Democratic Members of this Chamber were feeling the heat from the White House, forced to support what they were privately admitting was an unsigned, unchecked bad deal. Secretary Kerry admitted this deal was never intended to receive congressional approval. He said this wasn’t a treaty, because a treaty would have been ‘‘impossible to pass.’’ I don’t know how anyone out there would define what a legal definition of ‘‘treaty’’ is, but I am pretty confident that that wouldn’t be it. The U.S. should have never entered this historically bad deal to begin with and really could have done a much better job negotiating it. As I mentioned earlier, the Iran nuclear deal was fatally flawed for what was in it and fatally flawed for what was not put in it. Next, I will discuss some of the reasons why it was fatally flawed for what was in it. The JCPOA isn’t a pathway for how to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. It is a blueprint for exactly how Iran attains a nuclear weapon. Two of the biggest issues with what was in it, inside the JCPOA you have a very flawed verification regime and highly problematic sunset provisions. President Obama said this deal wasn’t built on trust; it was built on verification. I don’t know how you support a deal that is built on verification when you have no idea what the verification regime is. I, as a Member of Congress, still have not received the secret side deals between the IAEA and Iran that outline the verification regime. When Secretary Kerry was before the House Foreign Affairs Committee last Congress, I asked him if he had read it, and he said no. The Secretary of State did not read the verification regime. But the American public was told this was a deal not built on trust, built on verification. We have learned since some of what is in the side deals, like Iran collects some of their own soil samples and is the inspector of some of their own nuclear sites. It is crazy; right? The United States made a slew of permanent concessions in exchange for temporary concessions on the part of the Iranians, a point which comes into much greater focus as the sunset provisions are analyzed. The sunset clause undermines any reasonable justification for the deal, providing Iran the capability to obtain a nuclear weapon within a few years even if it didn’t cheat on the deal at all. That, of course, is in addition to the $150 billion of sanctions relief. Under the JCPOA, Iran was still allowed to assemble a limited amount of advanced centrifuges that could enrich uranium for a nuclear weapon within 1 year. However, Iran has even violated those minimal restrictions multiple times. Iran has spun more IR–6 centrifuges than permitted under the JCPOA. It has assembled more IR–8 rotor assemblies than it is permitted to. It has attempted to acquire carbon fiber that it had agreed not to. It has stockpiled more heavy water than what was allowed under the JCPOA. Just think, the people who have said that Iran has not violated the letter of the deal are all examples of the letter of the deal being violated. With regards to verification, the Iranians have said before, during, and after this deal that they would allow no access to their military sites whatsoever. We said that we were going to have access to their military sites. The Iranians said the entire time, before, during, and after: You will never have access to our military sites. On top of it all, the United States agreed that we wouldn’t have any of our weapons inspectors participate in any of the inspections. The IAEA, on its own, has failed to conduct a thorough review of Iran’s nuclear capabilities. Just one example, in September 2015, when the Iranian officials then granted limited access to 
IAEA inspectors at the Parchin facility, although environmental samples revealed chemically manmodified particles of natural uranium, the IAEA did not pursue an explanation or even an inquiry. This Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action is a house of cards. So, what are we doing? Not only was a better deal absolutely attainable, but no deal would have been better than this agreement. Next, I want to discuss in further detail why the JCPOA was fatally flawed for what was not in it. When Secretary Kerry chose to ignore Iran’s bad, nonnuclear activities in the region, he negotiated away all of the leverage that brought the Iranians to the table in the first place. You cannot separate Iran’s ballistic missile development designed to deliver a nuclear warhead from its nuclear weapons program. Iran has continued to pursue its ICBM development in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions. Iran has continued to finance terrorism. It is the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism and has continued to work to overthrow foreign governments. Iran supports Assad in Syria, Hezbollah, and the Houthis in Yemen. They have consolidated massive territorial control, building a land bridge between Tehran and Beirut, a direct threat to the security and stability of regional partners such as Israel and Jordan. By failing to address Iran’s nonnuclear activities, the JCPOA has given Iran more resources to pursue its terrorist ambitions in the region. These are, unfortunately, just a few of the examples of Iran’s bad activities. Since the JCPOA was entered into, Iranian aggression in the Middle East, including Syria, Iraq, and elsewhere, has only increased. Iran has launched as many as 23 ballistic missiles since the conclusion of the July 2015 nuclear deal. They have illegally financed terrorist activities, wreaking havoc in the Middle East. Iran has recommitted to wiping Israel off of the map, calling them the Little Satan. They chant death to America, and they call United States the Great Satan in their parliament, in their streets on their holidays, all while unjustly imprisoning American citizens. In the past 2 years, Iran has blown up mock U.S. warships and seized one of our Navy vessels and subsequently held hostage and publicly embarrassed 10 American sailors. Do you remember Secretary Kerry’s reaction to Iran holding hostage and embarrassing those sailors? His response was: Thank you. He was thanking the Iranians. He defended the whole situation as evidence of an improved relationship with Iran. That is living in an alternate version of reality. One fundamental question is often misunderstood, and in many cases it is not even asked: What leverage could we have, moving forward, to tackle all of Iran’s threatening actions if we eliminate the sanctions that bring the Iranians to the table in the first place? President Trump is absolutely correct to reimpose the toughest sanctions against Iran’s oil and financial sector and IRGC officials, agents, and affiliates. In order to regain the leverage that brought the Iranians to the table, we must increase financial pressure so that Iran does not have the ability to back terrorist groups across the world and keep their economy afloat. With Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and National Security Advisor John Bolton working so closely with our President to counter Iran’s aggression, I feel confident when they say: ‘‘No path to a nuclear weapon, not now, not ever.’’ The onus is on Iran. If they like the sanctions relief and they want to keep the sanctions relief, then the United States has just a few reasonable requirements: the verification regime needs to be fixed; the sunset provisions need to be lifted; and the other bad and nefarious legal activities must end. If there are any other nations around the world that want to keep the sanctions relief in place, then convince Iran to change its behavior and agree to the United States’ very reasonable demands. It is very telling that so many nations in the Middle East are supportive of President Trump’s determinations to push back against Iranian aggression. They are the ones that are most impacted, and they support the decision. In 2009, millions of Iranians poured into the streets to protest a fraudulent election of thenPresident Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. The United States and the rest of the world then offered zero support following that undemocratic election. President Obama said it was none of our business, which proved to not only be wrong, but also a huge error in judgment. We must learn from our lesson of 2009 and not repeat that same mistake. The United States must support the millions of Iranians who continue to march in the streets desperate for support to help them turn the tide in Tehran and all throughout Iran. There are millions of people in Iran who want a free, stable, democratic Iran. Now, in 2018, Iranians have once again courageously poured into the streets to protest the brutality of President Hassan Rouhani’s regime. Over the last few months, we are witnessing the largest protests in Tehran since 2012. Keep in mind that whenever we hear about how the most moderate candidates get elected in Iran—this is a point I have heard a lot. Iran elects the most moderate candidates, but so often they leave out the important point that the 12,000 most moderate candidates are denied access to the ballot altogether. The only choice has been to pick a proregime hardliner. We should be under no illusions otherwise. By withdrawing from the JCPOA, President Trump is sending an important message to the Iranians that America will not accept a regime that tortures its own people, funds terrorist activities, and vows for the destruction of the United States and our great ally, Israel. The United States is a nation that is not even close to equals with Iran. We are the greatest Nation in the world, and when we engage in these negotiations, we must do so from a position of strength and not relinquish that. That is all that this adversary respects. We can’t be silent not because we want war, but because we want to prevent it. The good news is, now, in July of 2018, again we are treating Israel like Israel and Iran like Iran. One of my complaints and many other Americans is, for a while, we were treating Israel like Iran and Iran like Israel. It made no sense. b2030 I mentioned earlier in this hour how important it is for the United States to be strong, consistent, and effective in our foreign policy; to strengthen our relationships with our friends; to treat our adversaries as our adversaries, understanding that our enemies, our adversaries, do not respect weakness; they only respect strength. I wish that the start of the negotiation had gone down very differently in the first place, but fast forward to today. With President Trump, Secretary Pompeo, Ambassador Bolton, their team, and with other countries aligned with us, especially in the Middle East, we can pursue a better path forward. For all of those who are interested, whether you like the JCPOA or not, if you like the sanctions relief or not; but hopefully all concerned with Iran’s bad activities, especially their nuclear and their nonnuclear activities as well, you can help us, putting the onus on Iran and encouraging them to accept our very reasonable demands. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, everyone who participated in tonight’s hour. I would like to thank Sara Matar from my team, who has worked very hard on this issue throughout her time in my office. This is an issue that isn’t going away anytime soon. It is one that will be passed on from one generation to the next. As our great republic continues to thrive, exist, grow, to be strong, and to protect our freedoms and liberties, we must be strong as a people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of attending a funeral. 
Mrs. N APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and July 11. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. MCHENRY , on Friday, July 6, 2018: 
H.R. 1496. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’. H.R. 2673. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’. H.R. 3183. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. H.R. 4301. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4406. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4463. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 4574. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4646. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4685. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 414 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4722. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4840. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. 
Robert F. Reeves, Deputy Clerk of the House, further reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. MITCHELL , on Tuesday, July 10, 2018: 
H.R. 219. An act to correct the Swan Lake Hydroelectric project survey boundary and to provide for the conveyance of the remaining tract of land within the corrected survey boundary to the State of Alaska. H.R. 220. An act to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other purposes. H.R. 446. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. H.R. 447. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. H.R. 951. An act to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. H.R. 2122. An act to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam. H.R. 2292. An act to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam. H.R. 5956. An act to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESIDENT COMMISSIONER, AND DELEGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear truth faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: MICHAEL CLOUD , 27th District of Texas. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5453. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Mark A. Ediger, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5454. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Reserve Component Equipment Procurement and Military Construction Report for FY 2019, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 10543(c); Public Law 104201, Sec. 1257(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 11281, Sec. 1064(11)); (125 Stat. 1587); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5455. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Jeffrey G. Lofgren, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5456. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of General Lori J. Robinson, United States Air Force, and her advancement to the grade of general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5457. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s report to Congress titled, ‘‘Distribution of Department of Defense Depot Maintenance Workloads for Fiscal Years 2017, through 2019’’, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2466(d)(1); Public Law 100456, Sec. 326(a) (as amended by Public Law 10665, Sec. 333); (113 Stat. 567); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5458. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing four (4) officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half), pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5459. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing two officers to wear the insignia of the grade of major general or brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5460. A letter from the Acting Director, Defense Business Management, Analysis and Optimization, Office of the Chief Management Officer, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s report to Congress titled, ‘‘Streamlining the Department of Defense Management Headquarters’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 5461. A letter from the Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rules — Amendments to Smaller Reporting Company Definition [Release Nos.: 3310513; 3483550; File No.: S71216] (RIN: 3235AL90) received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5462. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report to Congress on the Medicaid Health Home State Plan Option, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1396w4 note; Public Law 111148, Sec. 2703(b)(2)(A); (124 Stat. 322); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5463. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2017 Generic Drug User Fee Amendments Financial Report, pursuant to the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5464. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human 
Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removing Outmoded Regulations Regarding the Rural Physician Training Grant Program, Definition of ‘‘Underserved Rural Community’’ (RIN: 0906AB17) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5465. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removing Outmoded Regulations Regarding the National Health Service Corps Program (RIN: 0906AB15) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5466. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removing Outmoded Regulations Regarding the Ricky Ray Hemophilia Relief Fund Program (RIN: 0906AB13) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5467. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s report to Congress entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Annual Report on the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Advisory Committee Vacancies and Public Disclosures’’, pursuant to Sec. 712(e) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5468. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2017 Performance Report to Congress for the Generic Drug User Fee Amendments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5469. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Reclassification of Major Sources as Area Sources Under Section 112 of the Clean Air Act received June 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5470. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Revisions to Volatile Organic Compound Rules [EPAR05OAR20170100; EPA R05OAR20170501; FRL998008Region 5] received June 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5471. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Base Year Emissions Inventories for the Lebanon and Delaware County Nonattainment Areas for the 2012 Annual Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPAR03OAR20170423; FRL998030Region 3] received June 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5472. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Arkansas; Revisions to Minor New Source Review Program [EPAR06OAR20170435; FRL997915Region 6] received June 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5473. A letter from the Director, Regulator Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; California; YoloSolano Air Quality Management District; Negative Declarations [EPAR09OAR 20180160; FRL998017Region 9] received June 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5474. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Oklahoma; Interstate Transport Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS [EPAR06OAR20170052; FRL 997996Region 6] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5475. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality State Implementation Plans; California; Chico Redesignation Request and Maintenance Plan for the 2006 24hour PM2.5 Standard [EPAR09OAR20180181; FRL9980 49Region 9] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5476. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Colorado; Regional Haze State Implementation Plan [EPAR08OAR20180015; FRL998013 Region 8] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5477. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Interstate Transport Prongs 1 and 2 for the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) Standard for Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wyoming [EPAR08OAR20180055; FRL998012Region 8] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5478. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; California; Eastern Kern Air Pollution Control District; Reclassification [EPAR09OAR 20180223; FRL998048Region 9] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5479. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Remaining Requirements for Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) Electronic Reporting Requirements [EPAHQOAR20090234; FRL998041OAR] (RIN: 2060AT42) received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5480. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Disability Rights Office, Consumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Misuse of Internet Protocol (IP) Captioned Telephone Service [CG Docket No.: 1324]; Telecommunications Relay Services and SpeechtoSpeech Services for Individuals with Hearing and Speech Disabilities [CG Docket No.: 03123] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5481. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Accelerating Wireline Broadband Deployment by Removing Barriers to Infrastructure Investment [WC Docket No.: 1784] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5482. A letter from the Associated Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Promoting Telehealth in Rural America [WC Docket No.: 17310] received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5483. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Broadband Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Use of Spectrum Bands Above 24 GHz For Mobile Radio Services [GN Docket No.: 14177]; Amendment to Parts 1, 22, 24, 27, 74, 80, 90, 95, and 101 To Establish Uniform License Renewal, Discontinuance of Operation, and Geographic Partitioning and Spectrum Disaggregation Rules and Policies for Certain Wireless Radio Services [WT Docket No.: 10112] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5484. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Consumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Protecting Consumers from Unauthorized Carrier Changes and Related Unauthorized Charges [CG Docket No.: 17169] received June 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5485. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Burundi that was declared in Executive Order 13712 of November 22, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5486. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Belarus that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5487. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Public Law 92403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Public Law 108458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5488. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report pursuant to Sec. 
40(g)(2) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5489. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17147, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5490. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17070, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5491. A letter from the Sanctions Regulations Advisor, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Iranian Transactions and Sanctions Regulations received June 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5492. A letter from the Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the System Review Report of the audit organization of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General conducted by the United States Postal Service Office of Inspector General, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5493. A letter from the Charmian, Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report to Congress prepared by the Office of the Inspector General for the Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5494. A letter from the Chairman, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Inspector General’s semiannual report for October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5495. A letter from the Executive Director, National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements, transmitting the 2017 Annual Audit Report of the Council, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 10101(b)(1) and 150909; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5496. A letter from the Executive Director, National Mining Hall of Fame and Museum, transmitting the 2017 annual report and financial audit of the National Mining Hall of Fame and Museum, pursuant to Secs. 152112 and 10101, of Title 36 of the U.S. Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5497. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20180362; Product Identifier 2018NM020AD; Amendment 3919269; AD 20180912] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5498. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20169523; Product Identifier 2016NM134AD; Amendment 3919270; AD 20180913] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5499. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20180398; Product Identifier 2017NM113AD; Amendment 3919277; AD 20181002] (RIN: 2120AA64) received June 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5500. A letter from the Regulatory Development Coordinator, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medical Care in Foreign Countries and Filing for Reimbursement for Community Care Not Previously Authorized by VA (RIN: 2900 AP55) received July 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 5501. A letter from the United States Trade Ambassador, United States Trade Representative, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the 2018 Biennial Report on the Implementation of the African Growth and Opportunity Act, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 3705 note; Public Law 11427, Sec. 110(a); (129 Stat. 370); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5502. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Cybersecurity Strategy, pursuant to 6 U.S.C. 149a(e); Public Law 107 296, Sec. 228A(e) (as amended by Public Law 114328, Sec. 1912(a)); (130 Stat. 2684); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 5503. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a letter notifying Congress of the Treasury Department’s intent to terminate the sanctions imposed on Coop Pank AS; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Financial Services. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5953. A bill to provide regulatory relief to charitable organizations that provide housing assistance, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–806). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5877. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the registration of venture exchanges, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–807). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 6139. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study to evaluate the issues affecting the provision of and reliance upon investment research into small issuers (Rept. 115–808). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5793. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility demonstration to encourage families receiving such voucher assistance to move to lowerpoverty areas and expand access to opportunity areas (Rept. 115–809). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5749. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to increase the risksensitivity of the capital treatment of certain centrally cleared options, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–810). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 5970. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to implement rules simplifying the quarterly financial reporting regime; with amendments (Rept. 115–811). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 985. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3281) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the transfer to nonFederal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–812). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on Judiciary. House Resolution 938. Resolution of inquiry directing the Attorney General to provide certain documents in the Attorney General’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to the ongoing congressional investigation related to certain prosecutorial and investigatory decisions made by the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation surrounding the 2016 election; with an amendment (Rept. 115–813). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6317. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide that direct primary care service arrangements do not disqualify deductible health savings account contributions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 6318. A bill to amend section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to change the first commission of one of the criminal offenses described in that section from a misdemeanor to a felony, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 6319. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study of the 10 per centum threshold limitation applicable to the definition of a diversified company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 6320. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study of Rule 10b51 trading plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. MOORE (for herself and Mr. HUIZENGA ): 
H.R. 6321. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise the definitions of a ‘‘small business’’ and ‘‘small organization’’ for purposes of assessing the impact of the Commission’s rulemakings under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6322. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require issuers with a multiclass stock structure to make certain disclosures in any proxy or consent solicitation material, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself, Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH , and Ms. S INEMA ): H.R. 6323. A bill to create an interdivisional taskforce at the Securities and Exchange Commission for senior investors; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6324. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to carry out a study of the direct and indirect underwriting fees, including gross spreads, for midsized initial public offerings; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 6325. A bill to extend the period of designation for certain countries for purposes of providing temporary protected status to nationals of those countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. CORREA , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. K EATING , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MCGOVERN , and Ms. M ENG): H.R. 6326. A bill to temporarily restrict the removal of alien parents separated from their children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. HILL): H.R. 6327. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to modify the composition of the Eastern judicial district of Arkansas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6328. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to recognize associations of procurement technical assistance centers under certain circumstances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Mr. SMITH of Missouri): H.R. 6329. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from the value of taxable estates bequests to certain exempt organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, Mr. WELCH , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. POCAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. JONES , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. HANABUSA ): H. Res. 986. A resolution expressing support for the designation of Journeyman Lineman Recognition Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6317. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 6318. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 6319. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 3, To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and within the Indian Tribes Section 8, Clause 18, To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 6320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 6321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Articte 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause, Article 1, Section 8, and Clause 3 of the US Constitution By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 6323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article. 1. Section. 8. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 6326. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 6327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitution, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitution, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 6329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. L AMB. H.R. 103: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 140: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 173: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 184: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 662: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 681: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 750: Mr. FASO. H.R. 936: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 959: Mr. LYNCH , Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico, and Mr. REICHERT . H.R. 1017: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1038: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 1098: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 1171: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 1178: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 1187: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 1201: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1212: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 1264: Ms. GRANGER . H.R. 1291: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1300: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1318: Mr. GALLEGO and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1339: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 1384: Mr. FASO. H.R. 1419: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1439: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 1476: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 1617: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 1683: Mr. HUNTER , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 1697: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 1748: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1818: Ms. SA´NCHEZ and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1838: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1876: Mr. COFFMAN and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1881: Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. BRAT, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. COMER . H.R. 1953: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1957: Mr. HASTINGS and Mr. C RIST. 
H.R. 1985: Mr. C ICILLINE and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2049: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 2106: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 2150: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama and Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2158: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2259: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2267: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 2285: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2431: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 2584: Mr. POEof Texas and Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 2633: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 2885: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2902: Mr. GRIJALVA and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 2944: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 2976: Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 3006: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 3148: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 3207: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Ms. MENG, and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 3395: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 3409: Mr. BACON . H.R. 3464: Ms. MENG, Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 3635: Mr. BIGGS, Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mr. HURD. H.R. 3645: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 3682: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3738: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 3775: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. H.R. 3828: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3976: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 3984: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4137: Mr. COOK. H.R. 4256: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4271: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4384: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 4518: Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4549: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 4556: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 4575: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4626: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4691: Mr. CONNOLLY and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 4693: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 4704: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4732: Mr. UPTON , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. CARBAJAL , and Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 4846: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4897: Mr. FLEISCHMANN and Ms. M ATSUI. H.R. 4915: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 4952: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4953: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4957: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5004: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5008: Ms. NORTON and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 5031: Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5085: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5107: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 5129: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 5141: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 5145: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5160: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5191: Mr. HUNTER and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 5241: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5281: Mr. BARTON , Mr. B ANKS of Indi ana, Mr. HUIZENGA , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 5291: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 5333: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 5358: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. F ASO, and Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 5385: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARTON, and Mr. H URD. H.R. 5427: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 5433: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 5453: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 5460: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. BUCSHON , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 5474: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5507: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5516: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 5595: Mrs. HARTZLER and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 5658: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 5671: Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. CLARKE of New York, and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5678: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5690: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5697: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5717: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5732: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5862: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5900: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 5924: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 5948: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 5963: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 5985: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5986: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 6014: Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. L EE, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. MENG, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G UTHRIE , and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 6016: Ms. FUDGE , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 6022: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 6031: Ms. MCSALLY and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 6037: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 6043: Mr. MASSIE and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6048: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 6060: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 6071: Mr. SCHIFF and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 6074: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6077: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 6080: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. MCGOVERN , and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 6086: Mr. SOTO, Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. LANCE . H.R. 6103: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 6105: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 6108: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 6137: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 6174: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 6178: Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. DESJARLAIS , and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 6180: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 6183: Mrs. DINGELL , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6184: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C ARSON of In diana, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, and Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 6193: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. R USH, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 6195: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 6201: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 6207: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina and Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 6213: Mr. GAETZ , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 6232: Mr. SOTOand Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 6236: Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. LYNCH , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. EVANS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. L EE, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 6238: Mr. ELLISON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 6239: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 6251: Ms. MOORE and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 6256: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. C URBELO  of Florida. H.R. 6277: Mr. NUNES . H.R. 6278: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 6282: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6288: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 6301: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 6313: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 6315: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. CARBAJAL , and Ms. N ORTON . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. HIMES and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H. Res. 15: Mr. POLIS. H. Res. 211: Ms. ESHOO . H. Res. 318: Mr. KILMER . H. Res. 319: Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Res. 673: Mr. WEBER of Texas and Mr. BOST. H. Res. 763: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico. H. Res. 825: Mr. HUFFMAN . H. Res. 826: Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Ms. KAPTUR . H. Res. 864: Mr. HIMES, Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, Mr. PETERS , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. D EUTCH . H. Res. 910: Mrs. WAGNER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, and Ms. NORTON . H. Res. 977: Ms. BORDALLO . H. Res. 981: Mr. CHABOT . H. Res. 982: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Ms. MATSUI . H. Res. 984: Mr. GALLAGHER . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative WATSON COLEMAN (NJ) or a designee, to H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4847 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 10, 2018 No. 115 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable CINDY HYDESMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy Father, thank You for the showers of blessings You bestow upon us each day. Help us to open our hands to Your generosity, expressing our gratitude in loving obedience. Lord, inspire our lawmakers to live for You, striving to please You in their every endeavor. May they not forget that they belong to You, the Great Shepherd of their destinies. Go before them, that they may follow in Your steps. Go behind them to steer them when they stray. And go beside them so that they will experience the strength and joy that come from Your abiding presence. We pray in Your marvelous Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 