Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, here we are again, having to vote on a continuing resolution instead of a full year appropriations deal because of political reasons. Mr. Speaker, I am appalled that muchneeded defense dollars are once again being held hostage for political reasons. We have heard time and again from military leaders about the devastating readiness crisis plaguing every corner of the military. We have planes that cannot fly, troops that cannot deploy, and we are literally running out of bombs. It is irresponsible and morally wrong to send our troops into harm’s way without adequate resources and training. Last year alone, there were 80 deaths related to readiness and training accidents. It is clear that insufficient and unreliable funding is wearing our military to the bone and costing precious lives. As Members of Congress, we have the power of the purse. We can relieve the military from this deadly cycle. I call on my colleagues to end the political games. Support the men and women in uniform who risk their lives every day to defend this country. Support a budget agreement that provides our servicemembers with the funding they so desperately need. f 
SYRIA: ENOUGH ALREADY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to condemn in the strongest possible terms the ongoing, unrelenting attacks against civilians in Syria committed by the barbaric, lawless regime of Bashir alAssad, with Russian backing. We have all heard the statistics over and over again like a broken record: as many as half a million people killed since the armed conflict began in March 2011, tens of thousands of them civilians; tens of thousands more detained, disappeared, and perhaps, or even likely, dead, directly at the hands of the regime; more than 11 million people displaced once and again, inside and outside of Syria’s borders, the largest single refugee crisis the world has seen since 1945. More than half of those displaced are children and youth. Last summer, much was made of the ceasefire agreement that the Trump administration reached with the Russian Government to establish ‘‘deescalation zones’’ to stabilize Syria, while keeping the Assad regime in power. We were told the agreement would save lives. Trump said: ‘‘. . . all of a sudden, you are going to have no bullets being fired in Syria. . . .’’ Well, that has turned out not to be true. The deescalation zones are not deescalating. As of late December, more than 400,000 people remain trapped, besieged by regime forces in eastern Ghouta, one of the deescalation zones, only half an hour’s drive from Damascus. As U.N. Special Adviser on Syria Jan Egeland said last December: ‘‘There is no deescalation zone, there is only escalation in this deescalation zone.’’ Idlib, another ‘‘deescalation area,’’ suffered a dramatic increase in air attacks last September against armed groups not covered by the ceasefire agreement. In late December, airstrikes and shelling against a hospital, a medical warehouse, and a vegetable market killed, injured, and displaced scores of people. The U.S. Government heralded the military defeat of ISIS in Syria in November. But the defeat of ISIS has not and will not end the Syrian conflict; and Russia has not succeeded in pressuring Assad to end the conflict, nor in restraining Assad’s attacks on civilians as he has gone after rebel forces. Meanwhile, the humanitarian situation in Syria deteriorates each and every day. World Vision estimatesthat 5.6 million people are in need of acute humanitarian assistance. The U.N. says a total of 13.1 million people need some form of assistance. That is 3 million more than at the end of 2016. The situation is worse today, after months of deescalation, than it was a year ago. Of those 13 million, 3 million are trapped in besieged and hardtoreach areas. That is 4
Humanitarian access to those areas is not guaranteed by the regime, nor by its backers; international law and obligations be damned. Some of the most heartbreaking news out of Syria has to do with the crisis in healthcare. The ‘‘weaponization’’ of healthcare in Syria is not new, but the depravity of it all still shocks me. According to a recent report by researchers at the American University in Beirut, ‘‘Syria has become the most dangerous place on earth for healthcare providers.’’ According to the International Rescue Committee, in 2011, there was one doctor per 600 people in Syria. But now, in east Ghouta, there is only one doctor per 3,600 people. Medical supplies are not allowed into besieged areas and terribly ill patients are not allowed out. What military or political purpose is served by denying medical evacuation to women and children suffering from heart disease, cancer, kidney failure, and blood diseases? Mr. Speaker, current policy is not working to end the crisis in Syria. It is time to change course, not by sending more Special Forces troops there without any authorization, nor by promising to keep them there indefinitely to fight against the next iteration of ISIS. What we need is to reassert American diplomatic leadership and exert real pressure to end the war. We need a plan to transition Assad out of power. We need to pass H. Res. 632, condemning the senseless attacks on hospitals and medical personnel in Syria. We need to shame Russia for its failure to ensure humanitarian access. We need to increase our contributions to humanitarian assistance for Syria and make full use of the option of cross border assistance. We need to open our hearts to the Syrian refugees and welcome more of them to our country. We need to do everything in our power to lay the groundwork to ensure accountability for Assad’s victims. That includes funding the international, impartial, and independent mechanism to assist in the investigation and prosecution of war crimes. The Syrian conflict has gone on far too long. The horror of it all can be mindnumbing, but we must not lose our outrage. Now is the time to reenergize our efforts and find a way to end the suffering. 
STANDING FOR THE UNBORN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this Friday, more than 100,000 Americans will travel from across the country to take part in the world’s largest prolife event right here in the Nation’s Capital. The theme for the 45th annual March for Life is ‘‘Love Saves Lives.’’ This embodies the true spirit and mission of the prolife movement by enlisting the power of love to empower others to choose life. Since the Supreme Court issued a decision in Roe v. Wade, tens of millions of abortion procedures have been performed throughout the United States. Although consistent attempts to overturn this decision have fallen short over the past 4 decades, support for Federal prolife policies has remained strong. We will witness this strength Friday when Americans from all corners of the country will march on Washington to highlight the progress of the prolife movement and encourage strong support moving forward. President Trump will address the marchers from the Rose Garden and show his commitment to protecting the unborn. He is the first sitting U.S. President to address the event via satellite from the White House in the event’s 45year history. President Trump has remained steadfast in his commitment to advance pro life policy. One of his first actions in 2017 was an executive order reinstating the Mexico City policy, which bars international nongovernmental organizations that perform or promote abortions from receiving funding from the U.S. Government. This action, first instated by President Reagan in 1984, helps ensure that taxpayer dollars are not used to fund abortions overseas. Members of this House also passed H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2017, just 1 day after President Trump reinstated the Mexico City policy. This bill made permanent some longstanding policies that prohibit the use of taxpayer dollars to fund abortion, such as the Hyde amendment. H.R. 7 also helps to ensure that health insurance companies remain accountable to consumers by requiring them to fully disclose whether or not their healthcare plans cover abortion services. Another prolife victory that passed the House in October was H.R. 36, the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act. This bill outlaws abortions performed after the 20week postfertilization period. I have consistently voted to prohibit lateterm abortions and to protect the unborn, and I will continue to do so as long as I am serving in the House. We must always demonstrate a strong commitment to protecting the lives of the defenseless. The House will continue the fight this week. On Friday, we will vote on the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. This means that, in the case of a child born alive during an attempted abortion, that child must be immediately transported and admitted to a hospital. If a baby born alive is left to die, the penalty can be up to 5 years in jail. I will certainly vote in support of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, abortion is a tragedy not just because an innocent child died, but because of the lasting impact the abortion itself had on the mothers of those children. We continue to see efforts by the pro life movement making an impact. Data shows that the annual number of abortions performed in this country is in decline, including my State of Pennsylvania. There are legislative efforts across the country to protect unborn children and provide assistance and hope to their mothers. These efforts are one of the keys to ending abortion in the U.S. Prolife education is having an impact on our culture and in the lives of women facing unexpected pregnancies, but there is much still to be done. That is why I look forward to participating in the 45th annual March for Life, where we will redouble our commitment to protecting the sanctity of human life in all phases and conditions. Attendees will hear stories of love, courage, and victory through God’s mercy and grace. Mr. Speaker, human life is sacred and, through education, love can protect the most vulnerable. The prolife movement is a voice for the voiceless, and I am incredibly proud and honored to be a part of it. f 
GENERAL KELLY’S DEFINITION OF BIPARTISANSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I had an interesting meeting yesterday with General Kelly. Twentyfive Members of Congress, almost all of whom are descendants of immigrants who came here with nothing, whose parents came here with nothing, sat down with the Chief of Staff of the President of the United States. He said, basically, that we are the wrong kind of people in America, and that people like our parents who came here to this country really are bringing the country down. Because when he says he is for a merit based system, he is saying he is not for my mom and my dad being able to come to this country. But interestingly enough, all of us who came to this country because of a familybased immigration system wound up as being Members of the U.S. House of Representatives. But he was saying: You know, I am meeting with a group of Congressmen, and you really shouldn’t be here because your parents really are tearing the country apart and bringing it down. That is what he means when he says: I want to replace the system with a meritbased system. And that was very telling in the meeting yesterday. But, you know, we want a system that is familybased. That is the system the Democrats want because we believe that businesses are created by 
immigrants and that it is essential for their families to be united as they come to this country so that they can achieve American success and we can all achieve the American Dream together. That is exactly what they want to stop with the meritbased system; unless, of course, they come from Norway, then they continue to come. We hear from the party of family values and the party of Donald Trump, who even employs his children at the White House. The Trump Organization, just think about. Here is an organization where the dad created the business, handed it down to the son. The son is now going to hand it down to his children. But they don’t want immigrants to be able to do exactly the same thing and follow the same course that, apparently, has been so successful for the President of the United States. Here is something else we learned from the Chief of Staff: when people from one party work with people from another party, that is not bipartisanship, he said. Bipartisanship, defined by General Kelly and this White House, is when people with completely different, opposite views of the world work together. So only a Senate deal between people who believe in immigration and those who don’t believe in immigration and who want to end our immigration system as it is, unless you come from Norway, that is the only way it is bipartisanship. That is like saying that if a Republican and Democrat are working together on an environmental issue, it is not bipartisanship because it is a Republican and Democrat, unless the Democrat and the Republican are persons who believe in climate change, working together with a Republican who believes that climate change is a hoax created by the Chinese. b1015 Do you know what kind of legislation you get? You get nothing. You get a stalemate. You do not move the agenda forward. But that is their bipartisanship, and that is what we learned at the meeting yesterday. Look, Democrats and Republicans are working together—Senator GRAHAM, Republican; Senator D URBIN , Democrat. They put a proposal on the table, and the President rejected it. That includes, just so that we are very clear, Democrats giving up things that are unprecedented in that Senate deal that was put on the President’s desk. Members of the Hispanic Caucus meeting with General Kelly can’t fathom supporting the Senate deal. But guess what. That is bipartisanship. That is what it comes down to, which brings us to the votes this week. Republicans might not need our help because you are the majority party, we are the minority party. But just in case you do need our help in getting a budget approved, I want you to know we are ready to stand to help you to keep the government open and to approve a budget. But what I learned from the meeting with General Kelly, and everybody should understand, is that Democrats are more united than ever before. If you want our help on the budget, you have got to release the 800,000 DREAMers you are holding hostage. You have got to do it. Democrats aren’t going to blink. We are going to stand by our values. There comes a time that, if you say you stand for justice, you have to actually take a stand and hold it and not back down, and that is what Democrats are going to do this week. We are not going to back down. Need our help? Release the 800,000 DREAMers you hold hostage. And guess what. We are ready to pay a handsome ransom for their release. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. f 
SAVE THE POLITICAL THEATER FOR ANOTHER DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my great frustration with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their reckless behavior that is threatening the safety and security of the American people. Let me explain. Some Members of the House and Senate are holding funding for the Federal Government, including funding for our Nation’s military, hostage in an effort to advance their immigration agenda. I understand that immigration is a very important issue. I have many priorities in the immigration debate myself, like increased border security. But I understand that there will come a time and a place to debate immigration issues. That time is not now, and that place is not on a bill dealing with funding our military and other essential functions of government. Mr. Speaker, this is what the American people hate about Congress. Instead of simply doing one of our most basic jobs, funding the government, we are having an unrelated debate about an immigration issue. Let’s be clear about what is going on here. Congressional Democrats are using our military men and women as pawns in a political game. They think they can use funding for the military as leverage to get their way on a very complex immigration issue. I think that is not only wrong. I think it is irresponsible and it has very grave consequences. I want to strongly reject the notion that this is a Republican problem. The House passed a bill back in September, over 4 months ago, to fund the military and the entire Federal Government. That bill has been stuck in the Senate, where 60 votes are necessary to pass the bill. There are only 51 Republican Senators, so that means it will be necessary to have bipartisan support to get any bill across the finish line. I vehemently reject this is an issue just facing congressional Republicans. Frankly, that is a lie. So why am I so passionate about this issue? Because our Nation’s military is facing a serious readiness crisis, and we as the Congress are making things worse. We have the smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since before World War I, and the smallest and oldest Air Force we have ever had. General Daniel Allyn, vice chief of staff for the Army, put it best when he said the budgetary problems have ‘‘left the Army outranged, outgunned, and outdated. As a result, the Army risks falling behind countries like Russia and China.’’ There are similarly alarming quotes from the other services as well. Our military needs and demands funding certainty in order to make purchases and perform longoverdue maintenance. Every time we pass a continuing resolution and kick the can down the road, that hurts our military. It hurts the very men and women we send into battle each day. It makes their job harder, and, frankly, it puts lives at risk. We have seen fatal accidents aboard the USS Fitzgerald and USS McCain caused by insufficient time to train sailors and maintain ships. We have also seen fatal aviation accidents in the Marine Corps as their equipment ages and their training is limited. The average age of Air Force aircraft is 27 years, and only 5 of 58 Army combat brigades are ‘‘ready to fight tonight.’’ Continuing resolutions also hurt our taxpayers. In fact, the Secretary of the Navy recently said that the lack of funding certainty has cost the Navy between $4 billion and $5 billion. It makes it costlier to buy military equipment, and that added cost is ultimately passed on to the taxpayer. The threats we face today are so great. From China to Russia, to Iran, to North Korea, to terrorist groups around the globe, we haven’t seen this serious a threat environment since World War II. What makes this issue even more frustrating is that both the House and the Senate, in an overwhelmingly bipartisan manner, have passed a defense authorization bill showing our clear support for funding our military at $700 billion. The bill passed with 356 votes in the House and on a unanimous voice vote in the Senate, yet we find ourselves at a deadlock and our government on the verge of a shutdown because congressional Democrats want to advance their immigration agenda. Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. I know my colleagues may not like our President; I know my colleagues may not agree with me on immigration; I know my colleagues have different priorities than I do; but for goodness’ sake, can we not at least agree that we 
should adequately fund our troops and the Nation’s military? Can we not at least agree that we shouldn’t be playing political games with our military men and women? We can save the political theater for another day. 
EXTEND FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH CLINICS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call upon my colleagues to set up and extend funding for community health clinics. Community health centers are a vital resource for millions of Americans, providing more coverage at a lower cost. These healthcare providers serve our underserved communities. In rural districts like mine on the central coast of California, they are sometimes the only healthcare provider close enough for patients to receive immediate or longterm care. They provide prenatal care, annual checkups, and lifesaving screenings. In my district, there are nine federally funded health centers serving approximately 190,000 patients from Santa Cruz to Seaside and from the Salinas Valley to San Benito County. They have dedicated staff that serve the unique and multilingual and multicultural needs of the patients in my district. Without proper funding, these vital community health centers may be forced to reduce their hours of operation, lay off staff, or even close their doors. We must support our community health centers not just on the central coast of California, but across this Nation. These clinics, their patients, and the people we serve deserve our support. I ask Congress to support our community health clinics. 
SUPPORT THE SOS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, as a father and a grandfather, I know firsthand how important it is that our Nation’s children have a safe environment to grow and learn. That is why, this week, I introduced the bipartisan SOS Act. My bill makes panic buttons available to local school systems. Response time is vitally important during emergency situations. The SOS Act provides a lifesaving technology to contact first responders immediately when an incident takes place in our schools. Mr. Speaker, I am looking forward to building support for this commonsense bill to protect our children in the days and weeks ahead. 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a brave young lady from my district. She lives in Johnston City, Illinois. Her name is Victoria Mueller. She is class president. She is an A student. She plays in three sports, including football. She is a member of countless school clubs and activities. Two weeks ago, I called Victoria to let her know that she had received our nomination, as well as DICKDURBIN  had called her to let her know about his nomination, for the U.S. Naval Academy. Unfortunately, her answer was: I am sorry. I can’t accept that at this time. You see, in October, I had an accident in a car and my arm was damaged severely and severed. She has gone through a number of surgeries, but here is what she promised. She will recover from the accident; she will continue to work hard; and she will be receiving that letter and getting that nomination next year. Her strength, her courage is something that I wanted to make sure that I brought up before this House and before this Nation as truly an inspiration, and it should be an inspiration to all of us. I am truly inspired by Victoria’s strength, her grit, and I wish her the best in her recovery. We will be praying for her. Victoria, southern Illinois is proud of you, and this Nation is proud of you. 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about the fact that tomorrow is the March for Life. As a Member of this body and as a member of the body in the State of Illinois, I have always stood proud to stand up for the rights of the unborn. We are working on and will vote to eliminate taxpayerfunded abortion through the Hyde amendment and everything as well as that goes, but also cosponsoring the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which is being voted on this week. This is an issue that quite often brings controversy, Mr. Speaker. Each one of us on this floor—and no matter what our position is, I am sure there are reasons why we hold to those beliefs. Mine are my faith, but they are also experiences that I have had in life, especially when we start talking about the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. Fifteen years ago, Mr. Speaker, I was present when my twin granddaughters were born. They were 25
1⁄2weeks. We were hoping they would make it to 26. We lost Ellianna in the womb. Losing her caused labor to start, and then Hallie was born. We held Hallie while Hallie passed. Now, according to some laws that are in this Nation, you should be able to abort a child at that age. Well, I can tell you that you have never held one at that age. We can sit and say: Oh, well, I don’t agree with abortion. But let me tell you something else that has taken place. I think we have a responsibility to take care of those young women who have children who might not be at the best time in their life and issues that come up. And let me also say this. I want to talk about a group that was formed called Tender Mercies that ministers to women who have lost a child, have aborted a child, had miscarriages, all of these issues. And why do I want to talk about that? Because my daughter runs that notforprofit to take care of the mental and physical needs that occur after something like that occurs. It is important that we as members of the United States Congress understand that, when we stand for life, not only do we stand for life, but we also stand for those people who are in those situations, to help them through those times. We are a nation that cares. We are, as many times as we argue back and forth on this floor. Mr. Speaker, I pray that everyone on this floor on both sides of the aisle remembers that. I thank the people who are walking tomorrow to stand for the right to life. f 
PASS THE DREAM ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TAYLOR ). The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 800,000 DREAMers, including the 200,000 from my home State of California. Mr. Speaker, these young people are terrified about what will become of them if Congress doesn’t live up to its promise to protect them. There is a way to resolve this. There is a way. Congress can pass the Dream Act, which restores protection for the DREAMers. The act provides for undocumented American students who graduate from American high schools, who are of good moral character, have arrived in the United States as children, and have been in the country continuously for 4 years the opportunity to earn conditional permanent residency for 8 years. b1030 That seems absolutely fair to me, and I think to so many others. Now, during that time, the student must pursue higher education, serve in the military, or work lawfully for at least 3 years. Students who meet these conditions are granted permanent residency and the ability to one day become U.S. citizens. This is not a handout. This is not a grab by unworthy people. These are very high standards, and I think standards that U.S. citizens should meet day in and day out and don’t always meet these standards, most frankly. This is bipartisan legislation. It is supported by the faith community across our country, by businesses, by law enforcement, and by 82 percent of the American people. I think that that passes a very high standard, a very high test, and I am confident that, if the Speaker of the House would allow a vote on this legislation, it would pass today if it were brought to the floor of the House for a vote. 
These 800,000 young men and women are not just court cases or statistics. Each of them has a spark of divinity in them. They are young men and young women who have obtained driver’s licenses. They have work permits. They have pursued higher education. They are contributing their talents, their heart and soul, to this country. Many say: Tell them to go home. They are home. This is the only country they know. This is the country that they love. They are serving in our military. In my congressional district, Silicon Valley, where all Members of Congress want to go and visit and see what innovation is happening, what innovation is bringing about, the majority of those geniuses who are producing this innovation are immigrants to our country. I stand here as a firstgeneration American. And if the tenor of some in Congress—not all—but some in Congress—certainly the White House— were in charge when my parents were children, that boat would have had to have made a Uturn. They would not have been welcome in America because they weren’t from Norway. They were from the Middle East. Yet, today, their daughter stands here on the floor of the House to address the House and the people of our Nation. Our Nation, from its beginnings, was built by immigrants. I stand here today to say I love immigrants. They are the backbone of each generation and really the blood that flows through the veins of America. If you put a clamp on that vein, you stop the heart of America from beating. Shortly after President Trump terminated the DACA program, Pope Francis said: ‘‘To all people’’—of the United States—‘‘I ask: take care of the migrant who is a promise of life for the future.’’ Please follow his words, Mr. Speaker and Members of the House, and we will be a better nation because of it. 
REBECCA’S STORY OF SLAVERY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Rebecca grew up in a small town in southern Oregon. She was on the honor roll, and she played varsity sports. She graduated high school early and immediately enrolled in Oregon State University. However, when her daughter was born, she had to withdraw to find a job. Like many single moms, Rebecca struggled to make ends meet. But when she met a man she described as ‘‘Prince Charming,’’ she thought things were finally turning around for her. He was kind, and caring, and offered to take care of her and her baby daughter. With expensive gifts and trips, he treated her to a lifestyle that she had never dreamed of. So when he asked her and her daughter to move in with him, Rebecca thought she had hit the jackpot. But her dream quickly became another nightmare. When she arrived in Las Vegas at his home, she found several other women and children already living there. This man then told her that now she would be forced to have sex with men for money. When she refused, he beat her up, hitting her over and over again. Fearing for her life and the life of her child, Rebecca complied. So for the next 6 years, Rebecca was forced to have sex with countless strangers many times a day. Any time she stepped out of line, he beat her up. She had her face broken in five different places. Her trafficker even went so far as to tattoo his name on her back. Yes, branded her like cattle. She was nothing but a piece of property to him. After her fourth attempt to escape, her trafficker told her that he would start selling her young daughter for sex if she didn’t comply and submit. Feeling utterly hopeless, Rebecca tried to commit suicide two times. She thought that ending her life was preferable to living in the hell that she had to endure every day. Finally, Federal agents raided her home and captured the trafficker. But, Mr. Speaker, he eventually took a plea deal and only served 1 year in prison for slavery. Meanwhile, Rebecca was left to deal with a lifetime of pain and trauma. As a former judge, Mr. Speaker, I believe the sentence was too light for a slave trader. No human being should ever have to endure what Rebecca and other trafficking victims like her have gone through. Despite the system failing to provide justice against her trafficker, Rebecca has found a way to turn her darkness into light. Since becoming a survivor, she started the Rebecca Bender Initiative. This program provides training for those who have the opportunity to be intercepted and intervene with victims who are often being trafficked. In this Human Trafficking Awareness Month, I want to commend Rebecca on her resilience and focus on providing support and compassion to the victims of trafficking. As cochair of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with my friend JIMCOSTA from California, we are dedicated to ensuring that victims and survivors know that we as a nation will stand with them. Traffickers, buyers, and sellers must be prosecuted and sent to the jailhouse. And with the help of local, State, and Federal law enforcement, we are going to stop the sale of our children and our adult women on the marketplace of sex slavery. Mr. Speaker, the 13th Amendment abolished slavery in the United States, but it is still taking place, and it is time that we defeat this scourge on our community. Justice demands this, and justice is what we do. And that is just the way it is. FEDERAL INVOLVEMENT IN INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS IS NEEDED The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WILLIAMS ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about our need to invest in America, to invest in our future. Sound infrastructure is literally and figuratively the foundation of our Nation’s economy. But, for quite some time, we in Washington have not provided the critical funding for our infrastructure projects that our communities around the country need. We must stop living off the investments that our parents and grandparents made generations ago and, instead, start intelligently investing in our infrastructure again. The American Society of Civil Engineers estimates that, to update our infrastructure system, we need to make an investment of over $1 trillion. And, of course, the President has talked about such a bipartisan package. One key to intelligent investment is the Federal Government matching infrastructure funds for State and local governments. This is needed, and it has been historic to, in fact, make these projects a reality. As we see from our history, infrastructure projects in this country move forward most effectively when we have a combination of local, State, and Federal dollars to invest. Across the country, State and local governments are raising funds to repair and improve infrastructure, often making tough political choices for raising taxes or making difficult decisions when required to do so. This is happening both in red and blue States alike. In all three of the counties in my district, Merced, Madera, and Fresno Counties, they have voted to increase their local sales tax by a half cent in order to pay for essential transportation projects, including road repairs and construction of new road systems and highways. Last year, the California State Legislature and the Governor enacted a bill to increase the State gas tax and vehicle fees to pay for bridges, roads, and other transportation improvement projects over the next 10 years. Currently, these are tough decisions, tough political decisions, but the policy implications, notwithstanding the political risks, are worth it. Our State and local leaders in California have taken these risks. It is the right thing to do. It takes dollars to fill potholes. That is the bottom line. To repair bridges and improve road systems, it takes dollars. It is not magic. And now the Federal Government needs to step up and face the challenge head on. We need to be responsible in our Nation’s Capital. I have been working hard for years to improve the infrastructure in California’s San Joaquin Valley, both in the statehouse and now here in Congress, and we have made 
some progress. But what we are lacking is the Federal component. It is essential that we build a transportation and water infrastructure system to meet the 21st century system needs, not only of California, but of our entire Nation, and the valley I have the honor and privilege to represent. We need a more reliable water system to supply our farms and cities that are growing, and with climate change, we know we have to take that into account. We also need a better 21st century system of transportation. What is missing? I will tell you what is missing: Federal funding; Federal participation. To make this happen, we in Congress should incentivize States and local governments like in California and the counties I represent that have already raised funds for these projects, with a Federal funding stream that will complement these State and local efforts. California and the San Joaquin Valley are already doing their part, and we need, here in Washington, to do our part to invest in our country’s future. This will require Democrats and Republicans to work together to engage in a serious bipartisan deliberation and negotiations this year to make this national infrastructure project a reality. Last week, we in the Problem Solvers Caucus released a report to the State of our Nation’s infrastructure and made bipartisan recommendations on how we get there. These recommendations can serve as a foundation for consensus on which bipartisan collaboration can build the policy that repairs, advances, and invests in America’s infrastructure. Although we have not seen a lot of bipartisan deliberative policymaking here lately, I am urging my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to show some profiles in courage. We must come together to invest in America’s infrastructure if we expect to have the capacity for the economic development and innovation for the future of America in the 21st century. I have made this a priority throughout my years of service in the San Joaquin Valley, both in Sacramento and now in Washington, D.C. I invite my colleagues to join me in investing in America’s infrastructure; work with the President; work on a bipartisan basis. After all, that is what we are supposed to do in investing in America’s infrastructure and, therefore, our future. This has been our tradition in the past and how we have gotten great projects completed, and this is the kind of investment we need to make today for America’s infrastructure. Let us work together. It is the right thing to do. 
AFGHANISTAN CONTINUES TO BE A FAILED POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, as we in Congress are faced with another continuing resolution, I cannot help but think about the wasted lives and money in Afghanistan. On Sunday night’s 60 Minutes, I watched, with great interest, a segment about the 16year war in Afghanistan. The title was: ‘‘Kabul under siege while America’s longest war rages on.’’ During the interview, Correspondent Lara Logan detailed the growing danger in Afghanistan and interviewed General John Nicholson, commander of American forces in Afghanistan, as well as Afghanistan’s President Ghani. While I do not have the time to go into detail, this segment made it very clear—and I think anyone watching would agree—that Afghanistan continues to be a failed policy. b1045 At one time, Lara Logan stated to Nicholson: ‘‘A lot of people at home just don’t buy that terrorists are coming from Afghanistan to attack them at home. They are worrying about the guy going to rent a truck from Home Depot and drive into a crowd of civilians.’’ In General Nicholson’s response, there was a sentence that caught my attention, where he said: ‘‘We need to defeat the ideology.’’ I was amazed and astonished by his response. It has been said that you cannot kill an ideology with a bullet or a bomb. So why are we still trying? This is why I am calling on Speaker RYAN, once again, to permit the House of Representatives to have a policy debate on Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I have beside me a poster of a young woman whose husband was killed in Afghanistan. It is so pathetic because the woman and the mother of the little girl sitting in her lap is crying, yet the little girl is looking at the Army officer with a look like: Why am I here? Why is there a flagdraped coffin? Why is my mother crying? The little girl is too young to really understand what is happening. Mr. Speaker, I call on Speaker RYAN to let us have a debate on the policy issue of Afghanistan and its future. I will close with the words of the 31st Commandant of the Marine Corps, General Chuck Krulak, who said: ‘‘No one has ever conquered Afghanistan, and many have tried. We will join the list of nations that tried and failed.’’ Mr. RYAN, the Speaker of the House, it is your time to call for this House to debate the future of Afghanistan. Please make that call to the House of Representatives that we will have that debate. 
OFFSHORE OIL AND GAS DRILLING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the Trump administration’s proposal to lift a decadesold ban on offshore oil and gas drilling on our country’s Atlantic and Pacific Coasts. This proposal has to be one of the most irresponsible actions of the Trump administration. Currently, 94 percent of the Outer Continental Shelf is off limits to drilling, and rightly so, given the importance of protecting the economic and cultural value of the country’s coastlines. The Trump administration has offered a staggering reversal, proposing to open up over 90 percent of the Outer Continental Shelf to oil and gas drilling. While Governors and lawmakers from both parties have risen to voice their opposition to this plan, this administration is moving forward at a breakneck speed. It has given a mere 60 days for the public to comment. In my home State of Maine, which has much to lose from this plan, we don’t even get a full public hearing. This proposal’s lack of transparency and fairness couldn’t have been more apparent than when Governor Rick Scott of Florida somehow earned an exemption for his State. Everyone can see that this was less about protecting Florida’s pristine beaches and coastline, as Governor Scott said, than a political favor from President Trump. Mr. Speaker, I absolutely have nothing against the Florida coast. But the State shouldn’t have to be home to MaraLago to earn an exemption from this awful plan. All coastal States deserve this protection. My home State of Maine is one of them. If you measured every inch of our State’s jagged coastline and islands, it would measure an incredible 3,500 miles. Those miles include some of the most beautiful places in the world and critical habitat for hundreds of species of fish and wildlife. That coast is also dotted with dozens of small towns filled with hardworking people who depend on a beautiful, healthy ocean to make their living. Two of my State’s largest industries are tourism and fishing. Tourism in Maine is a $5.6 billion industry, 71 percent of which comes directly in from the Maine coast. Millions of people visit our State to experience our beautiful coastline, snug harbors, and stunning landmarks, like the Marshall Point Lighthouse in Port Clyde. Our fishing industry and businesses that support it have even more to lose from this proposal. Thirty thousand Mainers make their living in marine industries. They include boat builders, ground fishermen, clammers, seaweed harvesters, oyster and mussel farmers, and, of course, lobstermen. Our worldfamous lobster fishing industry alone brings in $500 million annually. I have had so many discussions with the lobster fishermen who tell me about all the difficulties their industry already faces. They want to pass their businesses on to their sons and daughters, but they worry about the future. Will the Gulf of Maine, which is already warming faster than 99.9 percent 
of the world’s ocean waters, remain prime habitat for lobster? Will ocean acidification harm the lobster population and shellfish in ways we don’t already know about yet? Do we really need to add the potential of an oil spill to the list of things that already keep them up at night? In Maine, we know the risk because we have seen the consequences. In 1996, a tanker named the Julie N. spilled about 200,000 gallons of heating oil in Maine’s Casco Bay. It cost over $40 million to clean up and it caused lobster prices to plummet. About 200,000 gallons of spilled oil is a drop in the bucket when you talk about the spilled oil from the Deepwater Horizon, which spilled 200 million gallons into the Gulf of Mexico. The result on the marine environment was devastating. Shrimp, crab, oyster, and other fisheries in those States may never fully recover. The risks of this proposal to my State and others are simply too great. And for what? Our Nation is already the top producer of oil and gas in the world, and with fuel prices currently low, this proposal would not boost the economy. If this administration is really worried about remaining internationally competitive in the energy market, it should throw its support behind developing alternative energy sources instead of abandoning them. This proposal is unacceptable and irresponsible. I will continue to fight back against the environmental and economic harm it threatens for Maine and the Nation. I am proud to cosponsor legislation with my colleagues in New England to prohibit drilling off our States, and another bill to keep the drilling ban in place entirely along the Atlantic and Pacific Coasts. I encourage all my colleagues to do the same and to stop this terrible plan before it is too late. 
HOPE FOR TERMINALLY ILL PATIENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, roughly 4 years ago, Steve Mayfield was a respected high school football coach at Central High School in Lauderdale County, Alabama, who, in October 2014, was diagnosed with ALS. Steve Mayfield bravely fought his terminal disease and kept a smile on his face throughout his lengthy 3year battle and ordeal. In a land of freedom and liberty, Steve Mayfield would have had two choices. On the one hand, he could abide by Food and Drug Administration regulations and recommendations and die; or on the other hand, Steve Mayfield could try experimental treatments that gave some hope of beating ALS and extending Steve Mayfield’s life. Unfortunately, when it comes to terminal illnesses in America, there is no freedom or liberty. Steve Mayfield not only had to fight ALS, he also had to fight the Food and Drug Administration before he could try experimental but potentially lifesaving treatments. Sadly, Steve Mayfield lost both fights. Steve Mayfield was barred by the Federal Government from trying possibly lifesaving treatments and, not long ago, passed away. Steve Mayfield’s son, Brooks Mayfield, from Florence, Alabama, was with his father when he passed away. It is in that vein, Mr. Speaker, that I call on the House to have a floor vote on Senate bill S. 204, the Right to Try Act, which passed the Senate last year, that restores the right of terminally ill patients to try experimental treatments that may save their lives. Brooks Mayfield’s father might be alive today if the Right to Try Act had been the law of the land. Mr. Speaker, we must remember who we are as Americans. Our ancestors fought the Revolutionary War over liberty and freedom, yet, today in America, patients who are 100 percent certain to die are denied the freedom, the liberty, the right to decide for themselves whether to try experimental treatments that may save their lives. Every day in America, terminally ill patients and their families are told there are no options but death. By way of background, fewer than 3 percent of terminally ill patients in America have access to investigational treatments through clinical trials. While the Food and Drug Administration grants compassionate use waivers meant to allow terminal patients access to experimental drugs, only about 1,500 waivers were granted in 2016. What are other terminally ill Americans to do? Nothing? Just waste away and die without a fight? Patients shouldn’t have to give up their liberty, their freedom, their fight against terminal illness merely because the Food and Drug Administration says so. Terminally ill patients shouldn’t have to beg the FDA for a waiver, forcing patients to fight the Federal bureaucracy, when they are already fighting for their lives. The Right to Try Act gives terminally ill patients access to treatments that have successfully completed the FDA’s phase one approval requirement but not yet completed the FDA’s lengthy and complex full approval process that can take decades. Sadly, sometimes when treatments and drugs reach final approval, it is too late for too many patients and their families because the terminally ill patient has already died. Mr. Speaker, given the stark contrasts between life and death, between freedom and Federal dictates, between hope and hopelessness, the House should take up and pass the Right to Try Act, thereby giving a chance for life to terminally ill patients and their families. The United States Senate overwhelmingly passed Right to Try legislation last year. It is time for the House to do the same, thereby restoring freedom, liberty, and hope, and giving terminally ill patients across America a better chance to live. f 
DACA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, DACA must be fixed for the good of these young immigrants and for the good of our Nation. In September, Leaders Pelosi and Schumer and President Trump agreed to protect DACA recipients and improve border security. Since that time, I have worked in the 48–Member, bipartisan House Problem Solvers Caucus to come up with a plan that would do just that. I thank Senators DURBIN , GRAHAM , BENNET , G ARDNER , M ENENDEZ , and FLAKE , who have put together a compromise bill in the Senate, which is gaining momentum. After working on this for 5 months, I know just how hard it is to come up with a compromise, so I just want to thank these Senators for what they have done. The Problem Solvers Caucus continues to work on a plan, and I am hopeful that we will have one imminently because time is running short. I was very happy to hear Congressman GUTIE´RREZ right here from this podium a few minutes ago endorse the idea of a compromise even though it is not what he wants, but we need to protect these DACA recipients. We have to break the status quo in Washington—the bickering and the gridlock—which gets in the way of good solutions for our country. This solution on DACA can and should get done if only we can get away from the rhetoric and use some common sense. b1100 Unfortunately, common sense is not common in Washington. I call on my colleagues to get past the bickering and the rhetoric. Do what is right for the American people. Fix DACA, and let’s move on and do great things together for our Nation. 
RECOGNIZING DR. TIMOTHY M. BLOCK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent Dr. Timothy M. Block, president of the Hepatitis B Foundation, Baruch S. Blumberg Institute of Living Science, and the Pennsylvania Biotechnology Center in my district in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. Dr. Block was recently named as a fellow of the U.S. National Academy of Inventors. Being elected as a NAI fellow is the highest professional recognition for academic inventors who have 
shown a lifelong commitment to innovation, specifically by facilitating or creating inventions that make a measurable impact on quality of life, economic development, or the welfare of society. Dr. Block is being recognized for his contributions to therapeutic drug and biomarker of disease screening and discovery. He also holds numerous patents and has been involved in more than 30 years in viral hepatitis research. Mr. Speaker, we thank Dr. Block for the work that he has done in this field, which has undoubtedly impacted the people in my district, throughout our country, and around the world. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the players, staff, and coaches of the Archbishop Wood football team and congratulate them on winning the PIAA Class 5A State championship. With their discipline and hard work, the young men of this football team have continued a tradition of excellence for the Vikings. The dominance they displayed in their championship win in December is an excellent example of what teamwork and tenacity can achieve. They have made our community very proud. To the coaching staff, we say congratulations and thank you for leading and teaching these young men. It is my hope that the lessons of determination and perseverance that these student athletes have learned will help guide them off the field as well. To the fans, friends, and family that have supported Archbishop Wood, we say congratulations. To all those who work with and support organized youth sports in our district, we say thank you. 
SUPPORT FOR THE 2018 XXIII OLYMPIC WINTER GAMES BEING HOSTED IN SOUTH KOREA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 2018 XXIII Olympic Winter Games being hosted in Pyeongchang, South Korea, next month. I am proud of the many Korean Americans in the Ninth Congressional District who make the USA a better place to live. The Olympic Games serve as a forum for the international community to come together to build a peaceful world. In order to be a competitor in the Olympic Games, nations across the globe have to embody the values and ideals of friendship, solidarity, and fair play. It is no different in the diplomatic arena. Without these core values, the spirit of fair competition is eroded. The common bond that brings nations from all over the world to compete and build friendships serves as a forum to promote tolerance and understanding. Promoting these ideals is critical to these increasingly troubled times, and I believe the results can make our world a more peaceful place. The upcoming Winter Olympic Games presents a significant opportunity for the United States of America to lead the fight against international conflicts and to promote peace. This is our legacy. Our Nation can use this opportunity to work with the international community in a way that shows that we can come together in the spirit of healthy competition, regardless of our differences. With the long shadow being cast by the provocations of Pyongyang and rhetoric from our own administration, the Olympic Winter Games came at the right time. They are an opportunity for the United States to speak out in support of resolving the current conflicts on the Korean Peninsula. While there are many issues facing the international community, all can agree the growing threat of nuclear conflict presents the most immediate danger. In order to deescalate the growing threat, and in the spirit of the Olympic Games themselves, I hope that our athletes’ presence in South Korea will serve as a symbolic representation that our differences can be worked out on a neutral field. Further, it is reassuring that North Korea will participate in the upcoming Winter Olympics. If the reports are true, it will be encouraging to watch the two countries’ athletes march together at the opening ceremony under a unification flag. That surpasses the consequences of empty rhetorical threats. We can do better than that. It took the Winter Olympics to thaw the ice between the two nations, who have not met in 2 years. This is a welcome sign of easing tensions after months of alarm over North Korea’s nuclear program. As a result, this year’s Olympic Games are already off to a great start. The Games will continue to be a reminder that, regardless of where someone is from, we can still set our differences aside for a better world, just like the first athletes who came together to start the Olympic tradition. It is my expectation that the Republic of Korea will host a successful 2018 XXIII Olympic Winter Games and that the hard work and dedication of the Korean people to this endeavor will be remembered by the international community. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I look forward to watching the men and women representing the United States of America bring home the gold. 
RECOGNIZING YOUTH ENTREPRENEURS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the nonprofit Youth Entrepreneurs for their commitment to preparing our students to meet the demands of today’s workforce. This program provides a taste of the workforce in a variety of career paths for our emerging leaders. Youth Entrepreneurs was started in 1991, in Wichita, Kansas, with the goal to give young adults a foundation of knowledge, skills, and values for today’s workplace. High school students who participate in the Youth Entrepreneurship Program receive a preparation course that covers the insand outs of a variety of career fields and business etiquette. After students complete the class, they are sent to work at a business that matches their interest. The students are able to apply their learning from the classroom at the company they are paired with. For 26 years, this nonprofit has been dedicated to education and the success of our youth. Today, I want to make sure they know that their hard work has not gone unnoticed. Personally, I have seen and heard the success stories from these young adults, including my own godson, Patrick, who has participated in this organization. The program has expanded to 10 other States and graduated thousands of students. More than 80 percent of the participants say they want to attend college, and 60 percent of the students who have completed the requirements have either started their own business or desire to one day. I am proud of programs like Youth Entrepreneurs that are working to give our young adults a pathway for success. Even with unemployment at an alltime record low in Kansas, there are still 50,000 open jobs in our State. It is important that our students have access to organizations like Youth Entrepreneurs so that we can prepare Kansans to meet these high employment demands. KANSAS MEETING STEM DEMANDS  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss an industry that presents endless opportunities for America’s workforce. As our Nation continues to advance technologically, it is imperative that our youth have the skills necessary to remain competitive in the workforce. Kansas is experiencing record employment across the State; however, one industry faces an increasingly high demand for skilled workers. Today, Kansas has more than 2,500 open computer science jobs, which is two times higher than the average State’s demand. This year alone, the United States Department of Labor predicts employers will be unable to fill nearly 2.5 million job openings in STEMrelated—or Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math—professions. Last week, I met with the students from the North Central Kansas Technical College. NCKTC is ranked third in the Nation in job placement in tech related fields. I am so proud to see colleges throughout my district working 
hard to meet the challenges that our labor force is facing today by offering more STEMbased curricula. Northwest Kansas Technical College offers programs and certification courses in computer science and coding, while Hutchinson Community College’s Business and Industry Institute, also in my district, incorporates computer and science technology into their training programs. Emporia State University recognizes our future by offering STEMconcentration classes for kindergarten through sixthgrade teachers. This program for teachers ensures that our youth will get a greater understanding of these technical skills at a younger age and ultimately be better equipped for future jobs in the STEM industry. It is important that we recognize these colleges’ efforts and their computer science initiatives that will prepare students for success in these growing career fields. As a Member of Congress, I always strive to create opportunities for my constituents back home, but we must also take advantage of the opportunities at our doorstep. It is imperative that we continue to place a focus on STEM education. As computer science becomes a skill utilized in almost every industry, we must ensure our children are well prepared to meet these demands. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SERGEANT FIRST CLASS ALWYN CASHE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today, I am filing legislation to honor an American hero. My bill would name the U.S. Post Office at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, in honor of one of its native sons, Sergeant First Class Alwyn Cashe. Scripture teaches us that there is no greater love than to lay down your life for your friends. On October 17, 2005, in an Iraqi province north of Baghdad, Sergeant First Class Cashe made the ultimate expression of love, disregarding his personal safety and enduring unimaginable pain in order to save multiple soldiers under his command from their burning vehicle after it hit an improvised explosive device. His actions that fateful day were so remarkable that they almost defy description. Words like ‘‘courage’’ and ‘‘bravery’’ do not seem adequate to fully capture the deeds this soldier performed. The actions that Sergeant First Class Cashe took resulted in his death, as he must have known they would. After his passing, Sergeant First Class Cashe received the Silver Star, the thirdhighest combat award that the Army confers. Over the past years, there has been a passionate, painstaking, and patient effort to have Sergeant First Class Cashe’s Silver Star upgraded to the Medal of Honor. Notably, this effort has been led by the battalion commander who nominated him for the Silver Star. This individual, now a two star general, came to believe he deserves the award. I strongly agree with this conclusion. But right now, I want to talk not about medals but about the man himself, because that is what matters the most. Alwyn was born in 1970 in Sanford, Florida, and was raised in Oviedo, attending Oviedo High School. He was the youngest of nine children—five girls and four boys. The family didn’t have much money, but they had plenty of pride. When Alwyn was just 6, his father passed away. Alwyn’s mother, Ruby Mae, worked long hours at demanding jobs, working on an assembly line and, later, as a custodian at Florida Tech, since renamed the University of Central Florida. One of Alwyn’s sisters, Kasinal, who is now an ICU nurse, describes her brother as the baby of the family, rambunctious, a little spoiled by his siblings, and, of course, deeply loved. She remembers buying him a 10speed bike so he wouldn’t be different from the other kids in the neighborhood and how happy he was. Alwyn enlisted in the military after high school. Kasinal told us it had a transformational effect, turning this aimless boy into a resolute man, the civilian into a soldier—and not just any soldier, but a soldier’s soldier, a tough asnails infantryman, and an oldschool leader in the best sense of the term. As Kasinal put it, Alwyn bled Army green right from the start. The Army gave him a second family with even more brothers and sisters, bound together by the American flag on their uniform and the events they experienced and endured together, from boot camp to combat. On October 17, 2005, Alwyn, now Sergeant First Class Cashe, was on his second deployment to Iraq. The Bradley Fighting Vehicle carrying him, six other American soldiers, and the squad’s interpreter struck an IED. The blast instantly killed the interpreter and ruptured the vehicle’s fuel cell. b1115 Flames engulfed the vehicle. Initially, only lightly injured, but covered in fuel, he descended into the hull, extracted the driver, who was on fire, and extinguished the flames. At this point, multiple soldiers remained in the vehicle, one of whom managed to open the rear hatch. Sergeant First Class Cashe rushed to the back of the vehicle, reached into the hot flames, and started pulling out soldiers. His fuelsoaked uniform caught fire and the flames spread quickly over his body. Despite what must have been terrible pain, he returned to the vehicle twice more to extract his soldiers, all while he was still on fire and exposed to enemy gunfire. By the time all the soldiers were saved from the vehicle, his injuries were the most severe. Second and thirddegree burns covered 72 percent of his body. Nevertheless, he refused to be evacuated until all his soldiers were medevacked out before him. When he arrived at the U.S. military hospital at Balad Air Base in Iraq, he was still fully conscious. What remained of his uniform had melted to his skin, yet he tried to fight off the nurses, insisting that they treat everyone else first. Despite determined efforts to save his life at various hospitals abroad and in the States, he eventually succumbed to his wounds on November 8, 2005, surrounded by members of his biological family and his Army family. Sergeant First Class Cashe’s actions reflect the highest standards of servant leadership, devotion to duty, and sheer bravery. We cannot bring Sergeant First Class Cashe back or erase the pain felt by those who loved him and those who served alongside him, but we can pay tribute to his life and his legacy. We can engrave his name on a plaque and designate a Federal building in his memory so the public never forgets this American soldier, this son of Oviedo, who laid down his life for his friends in service to our country. I respectfully ask my colleagues to support this legislation. f 
NATIONAL MENTORING MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WILLIAMS ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. TAYLOR ) for 5 minutes. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, January is National Mentoring Month. Never underestimate the big impact that you can make with a little contribution of your time, wisdom, and attention. Mr. Speaker, I would like to speak on the Big Brothers Big Sisters of America organization. The Big Brothers Big Sisters of America movement began in 1904. Big Brothers Big Sisters of America currently operates throughout the U.S. and in 12 countries across the world. Children joining Big Brothers Big Sisters of America are carefully placed in a oneonone relationship with an older volunteer in a key stage in their development. These children are less likely to engage in such behaviors, such as drug use, other illegal activities, or social dysfunction. One such big brother, Andrew Jones, signed up for the program. Years ago, he met a young 12yearold. This boy was from a lowincome, singleparent household. His mother worked a lot of overtime at a local hospital. Misguided, the boy was already on probation at 12 years old, hanging around the wrong crowd, and headed in the wrong direction. Mr. Speaker, Andrew would take the boy to the English Grill restaurant for a weekly $2.22 breakfast: two eggs, two 
pancakes, and two sausages. He would teach the boy everything from having a napkin on his lap at the dinner table to stock options. For years to come, Andrew would attend hundreds of sporting events for the boy, show him the value of reading, reinforce manners, and build his self confidence. Andrew would be the only person the boy would talk to if he lost a wrestling match. He would be the first person the boy would call for advice. Mr. Speaker, he would be the first person the boy would call from a tent hospital after being injured as a soldier in the deserts of Iraq. Mr. Speaker, that little boy is me. We can all seek out mentors in our own lives and we can all be mentors for others. We are all in this together. Never underestimate the big impact that you can make with a little contribution of your time, wisdom, and attention. 
AMERICA IS JUDGED BY THEIR ACTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, once again, I have the superlative pleasure of speaking from the well of the Congress of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a liberated Democrat. I rise today to speak truth to power. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to remind us that, although we are the leaders of the free world, we will not be received as the leaders of the free world if we are perceived as the leader of worldwide bigotry. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to remind us that we won’t be received as the leaders of the free world if we are perceived as being antiimmigration when it comes to Muslims and, as a result, xenophobic. We won’t be received as leaders of the free world if we are perceived as homophobic because we are anti transgender. We won’t be received as leaders of the free world if we are perceived as anti Africa because it is a continent of s hole countries. We will be perceived, quite frankly, and received as racist if we do so. Mr. Speaker, if we are to maintain our preeminence in the world, we must not be perceived as the bigots of the world. Mr. Speaker, the solution can be an election in 2020, or it can be impeachment tomorrow. Mr. Speaker, I will bring impeachment before the Congress of the United States of America again tomorrow sometime after 9 a.m. and before we leave for our break. Mr. Speaker, history is watching. We will be judged by our actions. Time will tell. I will be on the right side of history. CELEBRATING 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF SCOTT’S DOWNTOWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Scott’s Downtown in Gainesville, Georgia. Recently, the restaurant celebrated its 10th anniversary, and, to mark this achievement, the staff chose to honor local law enforcement with a luncheon. When Scott Dixon first opened Scott’s Downtown in 2007, he took the first step in pursuing his longheld dream. Scott began bussing tables at the age of 13 and worked his way up the ladder in the restaurant industry. Over the course of his career, he has developed a passion for brightening people’s days with food and a friendly heart. A decade in, Scott’s Downtown is a Gainesville favorite, known for providing residents with exceptional food. Rather than highlight this success, however, Scott’s Downtown points to the courage and service of our law enforcement officials who put their lives on the line each day to protect our community. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Scott’s Downtown on their first 10 years of service, and I join them in thanking the brave men and women in blue who make Gainesville a safe and beautiful place to live. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the staff at Z. Brown Distillery in Dahlonega, Georgia, in celebrating their 500th barrel of northeast Georgia bourbon. The partnership of master distiller Jeff Odem; his wife, Diane Kelly; and Dahlonega native and Grammy award winning musician Zac Brown is great news for Lumpkin County. They are turning local crops into highquality, smallbatch spirits. In the span of a few weeks, business has already taken off with the construction of two new buildings for expansion. My friends and neighbors in northeast Georgia can agree that it’s the little things in life that mean the most. This distillery captures the warm, inviting nature of the Georgia mountains in its product. The distillery welcomes visitors from near and far, and leaves them with a greater appreciation for the tastes of Appalachia. I congratulate Z. Brown Distillery on its success, and I wish its team the best as their young business branches out in northeast Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 45th annual March for Life, which takes place this Friday. Across our country, Americans will help defend innocent lives by giving them a clear voice in Washington. We are a nation of people who strive to fight for individual freedoms, yet we deprive the unborn of their most fundamental liberty: the right to a birthday. As a father of three, a pastor, and an Air Force chaplain, I believe we have a sacred responsibility to protect the lives of the unborn. Every life has value and every child deserves a birthday. This week, the House will vote to increase protections for unborn Americans through the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. This legislation would ensure that a child born after a failed abortion attempt receives the same lifegiving medical care that any newborn would receive. The bill would also prohibit medical providers from continuing the abortion procedure postbirth. No one should be able to end another person’s life, no matter how small, for convenience. Northeast Georgians value life, and I am thankful to join them in the fight against abortion and to promote bright futures for all Americans—the born and unborn—among us. To the father, it is mentioned many times, that you care for your children. On these days and this week, I harken back almost 26 years ago to when my daughter, Jordan, was born. Jordan was born with spina bifida. When many said to my wife and me that we had choices to end, I am happy to say that almost every day I wake up to a text from my daughter that says: ‘‘Good morning, Daddy. I’m headed to work.’’ All life is precious. All life deserves a chance. Every day I am blessed with the knowledge that the choice we made, and the choice that we would have always made, was for our precious daughter, Jordan, and for all of those who are seeking a birthday. f 
RECOGNIZING ANDREA JUNG AND GRAMEEN BANK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Grameen America for opening a new facility in Miami, and to recognize its president and CEO, Andrea Jung. Grameen America is a nonprofit microfinance organization that, for over 10 years, has been dedicated to helping women in poverty create and expand small businesses in their communities. Last month, Grameen opened its first branch in Miami, where it hopes to serve 7,000 women over the next 5 years and disburse more than $21.5 million in loans. What a difference that will make. Mr. Speaker, today, sadly, more than 20 percent of women in my county— MiamiDade County—are living in poverty. These loans will empower them to become active players in strengthening south Florida’s economy. This organization is spearheaded by Andrea Jung, who, from a young age, understood the important value of empowering women to become financially independent. 
As a Chinese immigrant in Toronto, Andrea’s grandmother received a loan that changed her family’s history, as the loan helped Jung’s grandmother to open her own hair salon. Two generations later, after attending Princeton, Andrea served over a decade as CEO and chairman of Avon Products, a giant in the field of beauty products. Andrea has been ranked among the top leaders on lists such as Fortune magazine’s ‘‘Most Powerful Women in Business’’ and ‘‘Most Powerful Women in the World,’’ and the Financial Times’ ‘‘Top Women in World Business.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am so proud of the work of Andrea and Grameen America in what they are doing. They are giving women in need the ability to improve the lives of their own and their families. The opening of this new branch is an exciting opportunity. I look forward to working with Andrea to help women in our south Florida community. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage my south Florida community to take part in the 8th annual Dan Marino Foundation WalkAbout Autism. This event will take place on Saturday, January 27, at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens. According to the CDC, over 3 million individuals in the United States are impacted by an autism spectrum disorder. There have been numerous dramatic scientific advances in our understanding of autism, but we must continue making progress toward effective treatments and eventually, yes, a cure. The WalkAbout Autism will bring together families, parents, caregivers, and friends to raise awareness and resources for the south Florida autism community. More importantly, every donation made will stay in our local community and will be used to provide classroom equipment, employment services, new adaptive technologies, and more to those impacted by this disorder. This walk also helps fund essential educational opportunities, like special needs programming at local schools and the Marino Campus, whose postsecondary education program helps young adults with autism bridge the gap between high school and employment. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Dan Marino Foundation for all of its hard work to make this walk so successful, and this year will be no different. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to participate in this walk for a great cause at the Hard Rock Stadium on Saturday, January 27, at 8 a.m. b1130 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight the 2018 Miami Creator’s Ball that will take place at LMNCTY on Friday, January 26 to celebrate the 10th anniversary of City Year Miami. City Year volunteers, in their distinctive red jackets, have become a fixture at most of our Miami schools. This wonderful organization connects mentors with students in underserved schools who are at risk of dropping out. City Year Miami members have served more than 225,000 students and have given more than 2 million hours of service to our local schools, and the results speak for themselves. City Year has not only helped more of Miami’s atrisk students graduate on time, but it has played a key role in ensuring that more than 80 percent of Miami Dade students earn their high school diplomas—Simply amazing. Furthermore, 90 percent of Miami teachers say that City Year members help their students improve their overall academic performance. As a former Florida certified teacher, it fills me with great pride to encourage everyone in our community to come to LMNCTY in MiamiDade County on Friday, January 26 to celebrate City Year Miami’s 10th anniversary. f 
LIVING IN DR. KING’S FOOTSTEPS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. YODER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during the week of Martin Luther King Jr. Day to recognize three of my constituents who are living in Dr. King’s footsteps. Dr. King once said: ‘‘Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.’’ In the Third District of Kansas, as well as across the country, we continue to see darkness and hate. Just last year, an Olathe resident shot two immigrants from India in a local restaurant, telling them to get out of his country. One of them, Srinivas Kuchibhotla, was killed. In 2014, a white supremacist from Missouri drove to the Jewish Community Center in Overland Park and murdered three people as part of a mission to kill Jewish residents in our community. Three people were killed: Reat Underwood, William Corporon, and Terry LaManno. In both of these cases, we saw the very worst of humanity, the very racism and bigotry and evil that Dr. King led our Nation so fiercely against. In each of these cases, we also see the beauty of humanity’s power of kindness, endurance, forgiveness, and love. Sunayana Dumala, whose husband was killed in that tragedy in Olathe, Kansas, has turned this tragedy into an opportunity to spread a message of love and acceptance. The heartbreaking loss of her husband, along with visa problems due to our broken immigration system, has made this a very difficult last year for Sunayana. She questioned, understandably, whether she and other Indian immigrants were welcome here. However, our community rallied around her with the unmistakable answer that, yes, you are loved, you are part of our community, and you are welcome here. Now Sunayana has become a leading voice against hatred. She is leading others in this effort to embrace diversity in race, culture, and religion. She is planning a peace walk later this year and has launched an initiative called Forever Welcome that promotes understanding and acceptance of immigrants. She is a living example of love standing up in the face of hatred. Another story is Mindy Corporon, who lost both her father and son in the attack at the Jewish community center in 2014. She did not let the loss of her family members turn her to hatred. Instead, she set out to bring light into the darkness left by this event. She launched SevenDays: Make a Ripple, Change the World, a weeklong event commemorating the tragedy which seeks to turn one ripple of kindness into an unstoppable wave of faith and love. SevenDays challenges all of us to embrace diversity, to foster hope, and to promote love. Her tireless efforts fall right in the footsteps of Dr. King. Just recently, I was moved by the story of Sonia Warshawski, who is being featured in a documentary, titled, ‘‘Big Sonia.’’ As one of the last Holocaust survivors in my district, she is telling the story of the unspeakable tragedy she endured as a teenager at a concentration camp, being split from her father and brother, and literally watching her mother being marched to her death in the gas chambers. Yet here she is, preaching tolerance, kindness, and, most of all, love for one another. Mindy, Sunayana, and Sonia are just three members of our community who are living out Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s legacy in their everyday lives. In each of their stories, extreme racism, bigotry was spread through its known weapons—fear and violence—and in each case, these women responded with courage, love, and kindness, just as Dr. King preached. These three women in my district are leading the way in the daily, ongoing fight for justice, tolerance, and love. They are an example for all of us to follow as we work to make our community a better place. Mr. Speaker, let us continue to teach love. Let us continue to be the light that drives out the darkness. Let us move forward as a nation and as a people together, united, and we will one day achieve Dr. King’s dream. 
FRUITS OF TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, last month we concluded an intense debate over tax reform, and I want, again, to 
thank Chairman B RADY for heeding the concerns of those of us from overtaxed States like California. By allowing greater flexibility in deducting State and local taxes and by lowering all tax rates, the final measure assures that virtually every family will be paying lower taxes even though losing much of their State and local tax deductions. In fact, in my district, the average household will see a tax cut of $1,900 as a result. Yet I still receive many calls from constituents who fear their taxes will go up and their standard of living will go down. They believe this because this is what they have been told by the Democrats and by the media. Now that the bill is in effect, I think people are about to see their paychecks grow, their job prospects brighten, and their family finances improve. Indeed, the day that President Trump signed the bill, companies across America began announcing bonuses, pay raises, and major new investment plans in the American economy, and those announcements just keep coming. A variety of tax calculators are already available on the internet so that every family can see for themselves how they personally benefit from the tax cuts. I would recommend a Web site called taxplancalculator.com. There, people can input their own tax figures and see how much their family will save. In February, withholding tables will reflect the newer, lower rates, and the takehome pay for the vast majority of Americans will jump even before accounting for the surge in wages that always accompanies an economic expansion. By spring, most economists expect a significant burst of economic growth. As tax barriers come down, capital stranded offshore is already coming home. This morning, Apple announced it is bringing back most of its quarter trillion dollars of capital now stuck offshore. Immediate expensing reforms will accelerate equipment purchases, and an internationally competitive corporate tax rate will mean new investments in making products, once again, in America. If The New York Times poll from yesterday is any indication, the American people are already beginning to see the truth. That poll tracked an 18point swing from disapproval to approval of the reform in just 1 month. The scaremongering by congressional Democrats went further than claims that the tax reform would produce only middle class misery and economic malaise. They also claimed that millions of Americans would lose their health insurance because of it. How so? Because this bill removes the stiff tax penalties that are levied against 6
1⁄2million American families who choose not to purchase overpriced ObamaCare policies. It is a minimum of $2,100 of penalty for a family of four. These families will now have that money available to meet their own needs, including purchasing inexpensive policies available on the private market. This begs two questions: If ObamaCare is so wonderful, why do we have to force families to buy it? And, if 61⁄2million families already prefer paying the stiff penalty to buying the insurance, what does that say about the signature achievement of the Obama Democrats? The Democrats have seized on projections that the reform will add $1.5 trillion of new debt over the next 10 years based on their assumption it will produce no economic growth. Yet, when Ronald Reagan cut the top marginal tax rate by half, income tax revenues doubled. Several prominent economists are predicting an additional $2 trillion of new tax revenues to all levels of government solely due to economic expansion from this law. The final line of attack is that the personal income tax cuts will expire in 8 years, leaving many Americans worse off. Well, that is perhaps the most dangerous argument for the Democrats to make because every American understands the answer to that question depends upon who controls Congress. Democrats have made it clear that, if they are returned to office, the tax cuts are over, and Republicans have made it just as clear that our unfinished business is make take those cuts permanent. Let the people decide. Ronald Reagan asked a simple question both in 1980 when he ran against the economic malaise of the Carter policies and again in 1984 after he had implemented the same progrowth policies we now see under President Trump: Are you better off today than you were 4 years ago? No politician or pundit can spin the answer to that question. Every individual American knows that answer precisely in their own lives. And I am looking forward to asking that question again as the tax reform takes effect. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (11 o’clock and 40 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. With the Psalmist, we pray: O, Lord, open my lips, and my mouth will declare Your praise. Even before the first word is formulated, Lord, guide our minds, our thoughts, our hearts and desires. By Your holy spirit, breathe into us a new spirit. Shape this Congress and our world according to Your design that we may fulfill Your holy will. Give the Members of this people’s House the gift of attentive hearts and open minds, that through the diversity of ideas they may sort out what is best for this Nation. Let them not be afraid of silence, that even before they speak, they may heed Your revealed Word with longing. May their speech be deliberately free of all prejudice that others may listen wholeheartedly, then their dialogue will be mutually respectful in the hope of bringing unity and justice. May all that we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to share the story of Miguel from Salem, Oregon, and to once again urge Republican leadership to put aside partisan politics and include a clean Dream Act in this week’s shortterm budget extension. Miguel was brought to the United States when he was 7 years old by his parents. For years, he lived in the shadows, not knowing whether college would ever be an option for him. In 2012, Miguel, along with nearly 800,000 young folks in this country, was able to apply for DACA; and thanks to DACA, he was able to earn not one, but two bachelor’s degrees. He now works as a human resource manager for a business in Salem. Miguel pays taxes and he contributes to our community. Miguel’s future is uncertain due to the congressional Republican leadership’s unwillingness to allow a vote on the Dream Act. Every day, another 122 DACA recipients like Miguel lose their legal protections that allow them to go to school and to work. It is inhumane that Congress continues to hold these young folks hostage for partisan political purposes. Let’s do the right thing. Let’s get a clean Dream Act passed so this country can move forward. 
RECOGNIZING THREE WHO SERVE LOCAL ARIZONA GOVERNMENT (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize three individuals who serve in local government in Arizona: Steve Chucri, Brigette Peterson, and Nora Ellen. This month, Steve Chucri’s colleagues on the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors voted to elevate him to chairman of the board. Steve has served on that board since 2013. Last week, the Gilbert Town Council chose Brigette Peterson as their vice mayor. Brigette has served on the council since 2015. Last Thursday, the Chandler City Council voted to appoint Nora Ellen as their vice mayor. Nora has served on the council since 2013. Mr. Speaker, serving in local government isn’t always glamorous, but these individuals and their colleagues demonstrate commitment to their constituents on a daily basis. Our communities are fortunate to have Steve, Brigette, and Nora at these posts. I wish them well in their new roles and look forward to working with them in 2018. 
KEEP THE GOVERNMENT OPEN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, Republicans have got to start working with Democrats to govern. We can’t keep moving from one shutdown crisis to the next. Here is what we can do today, right now: First, we can work together to keep the Federal Government open by pursuing bipartisan priorities of the American people; funding community health centers, permanently reauthorizing CHIP, providing disaster relief, and protecting DREAMers. Let’s do that, not for politics, but for people. Second, we can work together on a Federal budget that raises caps for domestic spending. We should increase veterans funding so there is not a single veteran left behind in our great Nation. We need to protect pensions, provide the disaster relief funds for hurricane and wildfire victims, create goodpaying jobs and fulltime jobs for American workers, and protect healthcare. Let’s create a bipartisan budget that is a better deal for the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is too easy these days to be partisan and cynical. Let us, instead, work together to keep the Federal Government open and functioning for the American people. 
IN SUPPORT OF THE MARCH FOR LIFE (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, this week, thousands of Americans are joining together in our Nation’s Capital for a common purpose, the March for Life. This year marks 45 years since Roe v. Wade legalized abortion in our country. Since 1974, generations of Americans have braved the elements and marched on Washington to pray for our Nation and be the voice for the most vulnerable members of our society, the unborn. As a member of the ProLife Caucus, I will continue to fight for legislation that values and protects the sanctity of innocent life. I applaud these courageous participants, and I stand with you in this movement. There is no more basic human right than the right to life. f 
b1215 REPRODUCTIVE RIGHTS OF WOMEN ARE UNDER ATTACK (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the absurdly titled BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. This bill is yet another attempt by the majority to intimidate women and providers of abortion care by imposing restrictions that are redundant, at best, and lifethreatening, at worse. Time and again, Republicans have charged that politicians, not women and their doctors, know what is best for women’s bodies. Enough is enough. Today is a reminder that women’s reproductive rights are constantly under attack, and I will never waver in fighting back. This bill is completely unnecessary. It has always been illegal to kill newborn infants, and to suggest this legislation is anything more than redundant obstruction for women accessing healthcare is outrageous. Instead of spending time on unnecessary legislation, my Republican colleagues should work with Democrats to fund the government and protect 800,000 young people, our DREAMers, from deportation to countries they have never known. Mr. Speaker, Americans face actual real problems every single day. So let’s get back to work. 
GIVE A VOICE TO UNBORN CHILDREN (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4712, the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which was introduced by Representative MARSHA  BLACKBURN . This year marks the 45th anniversary of the Supreme Court decision, Roe v. Wade. Unfortunately, with this decision, we have seen the number of abortions occurring in the United States growing each year. According to Planned Parenthood’s 2016–2017 annual report, abortions make up 96 percent of the organization’s pregnancy resolution services, whereas prenatal services dropped significantly. Additionally, Planned Parenthood has performed more than 1.6 million abortions over the past 5 years. Now, more than ever, it is crucial that we celebrate the sanctity of life by encouraging and supporting prolife legislation. The BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which I am a proud cosponsor of, affirmatively states that if a baby is born after a failed abortion attempt, doctors must exercise the same degree of medical care on that child as a baby born on any other day. If doctors refuse to do so, they will be held criminally accountable for their actions. As a proud west Tennessean, I believe we must give a voice to the unborn and preserve the life and health of all children. f 
RECOGNIZING ED GORIN (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend Magistrate Ed Gorin, in the First District of Kentucky, for his decades of service to the residents of Taylor County. Ed has served his fellow citizens in many capacities throughout the years, from his membership on the local school board to spearheading local committee projects. He has always been guided by his personal motto of ‘‘working for the community.’’ Through the years, he has maintained a singular focus and worked tirelessly to better the lives of his fellow Taylor Countians by consistently searching for the most fiscally responsible solution for the greatest number of citizens—even spending money out of his own pocket for community events. During his career, he has secured numerous benefits for Taylor County, including a volunteer fire department and a recycling program which will impact the lives of those in his community for years to come. Ed Gorin has established an outstanding legacy as a revered public servant, and I join with his family and friends, as well as all those he has impacted during his career, to express our dedication and gratitude for his contributions to Taylor County. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent him and wish him well in his recovery efforts. 
LOVE SAVES LIVES (Mr. DAVIDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my excitement that this body has taken a strong prolife stance and, likewise, that this country is becoming increasingly prolife. This is not surprising since it is a view that is plainly obvious that we are not talking about a clump of cells but a baby human. Advances in science and medicine make this more clear all the time. In addition to our votes this week to save babies with the necessary medical care when they are born alive following an abortion, tomorrow my office will be welcoming and hosting prolife leaders and friends from Ohio’s Eighth District traveling to Washington, D.C., to participate in this year’s March for Life. I am proud to participate tomorrow in the march where we will seek to get out the message that love saves lives. Since Roe v. Wade, nearly 60 million babies with all their potential have had their lives tragically cut short. I look forward to the day when love and sound science finally put an end to abortion. 
RECOGNIZING UDAP INDUSTRIES IN BUTTE, MONTANA (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the critical work of UDAP Industries, a company in Butte, Montana, that produces selfdefense sprays. It was founded by Mark Matheny, a survivor of a grizzly bear attack. When you are in bear country, bear spray is critically important. Citing concerns about the ozone layer, the EPA moved, in 2015, to ban the propellant used to make bear spray shoot out of the canister. EPA suggested a replacement that was half as effective, undermining safety. Rather than give in and make a less effective, inferior product, UDAP and others petitioned the EPA to reconsider. After my office and others worked with the EPA to waive the ban for bear spray, EPA did the right thing and waived the ban that would have created a safety hazard. I will continue working with UDAP and others to ensure that they are not burdened by unnecessary Federal regulations. 
RURAL AMERICA (Mr. PALAZZO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank President Trump for his strong support of rural America and for remembering the forgotten farmer. Last week, the President made us so very proud when he became the first sitting President in 25 years to address the Farm Bureau. During his speech, the President emphasized the importance of agriculture in America. And as a member of the Appropriations Committee’s Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, I could not agree more. Our farmers provide America with food security unlike any other country on Earth. Farmers and ranchers are a small percentage of our population, feeding, fueling, and clothing our country and the rest of the world. But it hasn’t been easy for them. Foreign countries cheat our farmers with unfair trade practices. Unelected bureaucrats have strangled our farmers with regulation after regulation. And even your elected officials have tried to tax our farmers to death. As a result, farm income has been on a drastic and steady decline until now. So I thank the President for not forgetting about rural America; and I thank him for rolling back jobkilling regulations, calling out corrupt trade practices, and pushing Congress to ease the burden of the death tax. My farm friends in Mississippi thank the President. f 
MARCH FOR LIFE (Mr. HUIZENGA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, we must never forget that life is truly a gift. I rise this afternoon in support of the tens of thousands of Americans who will be here marching in Washington, D.C., tomorrow to give a voice to the voiceless. This House consistently defends the unborn and promotes a culture of life. We have passed the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act which would ban lateterm abortions at 20 weeks. We have passed legislation to prevent tax dollars from being used to pay for abortions. We voted to defund Planned Parenthood and have voted to increase funding for federally qualified community health centers that promote and provide women’s health services while protecting life. This week, I look forward to joining my colleagues in voting in favor of the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Act. All of these legislative achievements are encouraging progress; however, our work is not done, and we must continue to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves. Mr. Speaker, I am here today for the same reasons that Americans will be marching in Washington and in west Michigan over the next few days: to defend the unborn, give voice to the voiceless, and promote a culture of respect for life from its beginning sparks to its final twilight. 
RECOGNIZING CRITICAL PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS (Mr. BACON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our critical public health programs. Months ago, the House passed a bundle of reauthorizations for key health programs. Amongst them are funding extensions for the community health centers, CHIP, and the National Health Service Corps. Today, we will vote for CHIP reauthorization for a third time. I will be voting ‘‘yes’’ for a third time, and it appears that most of my Democratic colleagues will be voting ‘‘no’’ for a third time. Programs like these help ensure that millions of Americans and hundreds of thousands of Nebraskans receive the care they so desperately need. It is abhorrent that these programs have become a political football, and it is unacceptable that the healthcare that so many depend on has been put to the side. This upcoming spring, Nebraska will run out of funding for community health centers and CHIP. While a contingency plan may be in the works, these lifesaving programs should not require a fallback. I count on my colleagues in the Senate and the House to pass legislation, to vote ‘‘yes’’ today on CHIP and community health centers and many other key programs in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING LITTLE ROCK FIRE CHIEF GREGORY SUMMERS (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Fire Chief Gregory Summers as he retires after 35 years of service to the city of Little Rock. Chief Summers served as the 12th fire chief for the city of Little Rock and became the department’s first African American fire chief. He was appointed chief in 2009, and his leadership has had an indelible impact on central Arkansas communities. Under Chief Summer’s leadership, the department earned Class 1 status by the Insurance Services Office and received international accreditation through the Center for Public Safety Excellence. This saves our community insurance dollars and improves safety. The Little Rock Fire Department is one of only 57 fire departments across the country to receive this recognition. My congratulations and best wishes for Chief Summers’ future endeavors. 
HONORING THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA COLLEGE FOOTBALL TEAM (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart in the wake of the University of 
Alabama’s win over my beloved Georgia Bulldogs in the National College Football Playoff Championship last week. Despite the loss, which came after an unbelievable game, the Georgia Bulldogs played their hearts out, and I am so very proud of our team. It is an honor to represent the great University of Georgia as the Representative from Georgia’s 10th District and have the privilege of wearing the red and black of this outstanding institution and incredible team. Under the leadership of awesome Head Coach Kirby Smart and a special group of young men like Nick Chubb, Sony Michel, and Jake Fromm, the Dawgs won the SEC Championship and had one of the greatest seasons that they have had in years, reaching the national championship for the first time in more than 30 years. At the end of the day, it was a great game on both sides, and while it pains me to admit it, my friend and colleague Congresswoman TERRI SEWELL  represents an outstanding football team. Congratulations to Alabama’s Crimson Tide. And true to my word, I will be providing her office and her with barbecue and wearing the Alabama tie after their overtime win. Congratulations to them for another national championship title, but for us: Go Dawgs. Go Dawgs. Go Dawgs. 
MEDIA DESERVE FAKE NEWS AWARDS (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the President highlighted examples of media bias and irresponsible news stories. All Americans should call out purveyors of fake news and point out slanted coverage. The President is certainly correct in using the term ‘‘fake news’’ to describe the media when they intentionally misrepresent his comments and take them out of context. They intentionally omit relevant facts and only report one side of the story, and they intentionally promote a liberal agenda. In a democracy, the media have a profound responsibility to give the American people the facts, not tell them what to think. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4712, BORNALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 22, 2018, THROUGH JANUARY 26, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 694 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 694 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4712) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary; and (2) one motion to recommit. SEC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from January 22, 2018, through January 26, 2018— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. SEC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. b1230 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 694, which provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 4712, the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. This important bill ensures medical care and legal protection for abortion survivors, protects their mothers from prosecution, and holds abortion providers accountable. Mr. Speaker, this bill is not duplicative as some have suggested. It simply augments current law: the BornAlive Infants Act and the Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act, which the House passed in 2002 and 2003, respectively, with very strong bipartisan support. Current law includes, in the Federal definition of a person, infants who are born alive no matter the method of birth or the stage of their development. Current law, Mr. Speaker, also provides criminal penalties for physicians who provide partialbirth abortions. What current law does not provide, however, is enforceable protection for those children who are born alive after a failed abortion attempt and denied care, nor does it provide criminal penalties, Mr. Speaker, for those who perform or knowingly ignore these actions. Mr. Speaker, there are horrific stories of children born alive during abortions and are either gruesomely left for dead or deliberately killed once born. Even more, the abortion industry is fully aware of the risk of a child being born alive during an abortion, especially if the abortion occurs once the child is gestationally 18 to 20 weeks old or more, the age at which we know a child is able to survive if given the proper neonatal care. Take the story, Mr. Speaker, of Gianna Jessen, an abortion survivor who testified before the House Judiciary Committee in 2015. She said: ‘‘Instead of dying, after 18 hours of being burned in my mother’s womb, I was delivered alive in an abortion clinic in Los Angeles on April 6, 1977. My medical records state: ‘Born alive during saline abortion’ at 6 a.m. ‘‘Thankfully, the abortionist was not at work yet. Had he been there, he would have ended my life with strangulation, suffocation, or leaving me there to die. Instead, a nurse called an ambulance, and I was rushed to a hospital. Doctors did not expect me to live. ‘‘I did. I was later diagnosed with cerebral palsy, which was caused by a lack of oxygen to my brain while I was surviving the abortion. I was never supposed to hold my head up or walk. I do.’’ She concluded: ‘‘If abortion is about women’s rights, then what were mine?’’ Some abortion providers, Mr. Speaker, are unwilling to respect the Born Alive Infants Protection Act, such as Priscilla Smith, who testified at a House Judiciary Committee hearing in 2015, saying that she didn’t believe it would be a violation of the previous BornAlive Infants Protection Act if a baby were killed outside the womb as long as the baby wasn’t ‘‘viable.’’ Ms. SMITH went on to assert some fetuses are never viable. She made these claims notwithstanding the fact, Mr. Speaker, that viability is not a factor, even under existing law, in determining whether an infant deserves protection under the law. The law protects infants born alive at any stage of development; and, therefore these abortion survivors are entitled to the same degree of care that would be received by any other babies of their age. The bill we are debating today, Mr. Speaker, would impose enforceable criminal penalties for clinics that do not treat survivors with proper medical care. There is, sadly, evidence that clinics fail to provide this care. Deborah Edge, a former abortion clinic employee, wrote an oped about her experience. She said: ‘‘I was the doctor’s righthand person in the operating room, and just like those employees of Dr. Gosnell’’—who we know was 
one of the most horrific abortionists to date, guilty of first degree murder in the cases of at least three babies—‘‘I saw the abortionist puncture the soft spot in the baby’s head or snip its neck if it was delivered alive.’’ The abortion providers, Mr. Speaker, who neglect to provide appropriate professional care to these babies, or worse, who kill them once they are born, must be held accountable. Finally, I believe it is very important to note, to counter some of the things you will hear from the other side of the aisle, that this bill provides crucial protections for women. This bill protects women who seek abortions by prohibiting them from being prosecuted under the law. H.R. 4712 also empowers women. It allows them to sue abortionists who don’t provide protection for aborted babies who are born alive. This is very important, Mr. Speaker. Take the case of a woman named Angela who went to a clinic in Orlando, Florida, when she was 23 weeks pregnant. Angela received pills to begin contractions to induce an abortion. After an hour of labor, Mr. Speaker, Angela delivered her baby, alive, into a toilet. Angela had her friend call 911 to request help to save her baby, but when the paramedics arrived on the scene, clinic staff reportedly turned them away. The fire department’s incident report said they had no contact with the patient. After the death of her son, Rowan, Angela wrote the following: ‘‘The very moment I saw my son was alive, nothing else in the whole world mattered but Rowan’s safety . . . Only one thing mattered to me: getting Rowan help. I begged repeatedly.’’ Tragically, the abortion clinic not only refused but also, apparently, sabotaged Angela’s call for help. The bill that we are debating today, Mr. Speaker, would give women like Angela the ability to sue abortionists who do not comply with the law’s requirements to give medical attention to children born alive like baby Rowan. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this rule to allow consideration of H.R. 4712, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) for the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today we will consider the 61st closed rule of the Congress, part of a disturbing and familiar pattern. Republicans are running this House with no regular order, no hearings on legislation, and one closed rule after another. Speaker RYAN and House Republicans recently set a record as presiding over the most closed session of Congress in history, and now they are adding to it. With no transparency and their continued effort to silence any debate or dissent, this House Chamber feels more like the Russian house rather than the people’s House. Now, I know Donald Trump is enthralled with authoritarian rulers and authoritarian rule, but that doesn’t mean you guys have to follow suit. Today’s rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 4712, yet another partisan and extreme Republican bill that is completely unnecessary and aimed solely at pleasing the majority’s rightwing base. The simple truth is that this bill is filled with inflammatory language intentionally designed to politicize women’s access to healthcare. It is clearly about nothing more than advancing an agenda to take away access to safe and legal abortion. With this bill, House Republicans are meddling in the decisions that should be left up to doctors and patients. That is not our job. What we are doing today is not about serious legislating. If it were, the majority would have gone through regular order. This bill is nothing more than a very cynical effort to give Republican Members of Congress something to point to when they join the antichoice march in Washington this week. Republicans are recklessly playing politics with women’s health, and they should be ashamed. My Republican colleagues claim that this bill is just a reinstatement of the current bornalive law. First, if that were true, then this bill would be redundant and unnecessary; and, second, Democrats would support it. When the original law came to the House floor in 2002, it was passed by a voice vote. We all agreed. But this bill is not a reinstatement. This bill takes the current, functional law and adds a radical inclusion of criminal penalties for doctors if they violate the unreasonable requirements of this legislation. Under current law, when a child is born alive, including during an abortion procedure, the healthcare provider is required to care for this newborn and apply a standard level of care given to any and every child. However, this bill takes the law a step further and requires that the doctor immediately transport this child to a hospital, without exception, whether it is safe for the child or not, or face criminal punishment—up to 5 years in jail. This bill could create a chilling effect and limit access to safe, legal abortion for women since physicians may fear prosecution. Patients need and deserve access to compassionate and appropriate medical care. This bill is, quite frankly, unconscionable. Mr. Speaker, there are times when immediately transporting a newborn to a hospital that may be miles or even hours away may result in grave harm to that infant. Such decisions must be left to the professional judgment of doctors and clinicians. Doctors and clinicians oppose this law because it prevents them from giving the best care to their patients. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists strongly oppose this legislation, calling it a ‘‘gross interference in the practice of medicine.’’ Current law is working and should not be radically changed for a partisan talking point. Right now there are a number of truly critical issues that we ought to be considering on this floor, not a sound bite for an antichoice rally coming up in the next couple of days. A clear majority of Americans, I should point out to my colleagues, seven out of ten, say they believe a woman should have the right to a safe, legal abortion according to a Quinnipiac University poll. By stark contrast, fewer than three in ten Americans—that is 29 percent—approve of the job Republicans are doing in Congress. Maybe the majority ought to get the hint. People don’t like what you are doing. This should be a wakeup call to Republicans to end their partisan crusades and start doing their jobs. It is time to focus on the real pressing issues we face. The Children’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP, which nearly 2 million kids and their families rely on, has been in limbo for months as States are beginning to run out of money. Now Republicans are pushing a continuing resolution that fails to permanently extend CHIP. Permanently extending CHIP would not only give these kids and their families the certainty they need when it comes to their healthcare, but the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says that it would also save $6 billion. I thought the majority were the party of fiscal responsibility. Do the right thing and save $6 billion. But Republicans would rather kick the can down the road once again. The authorizations for Community Health Center funds and the Maternal, Infant, and Childhood Home Visitation programs will remain expired. That is not even included in this partisan CR that we are going to see a little bit later today. Each and every day, 122 DREAMers are losing their protected status and ability to work in this country, and my Republican friends don’t seem at all bothered by that. People who are first responders, saving lives, people who serve in our military and people who work in our companies who are such great members of our community are treated like this in such a rotten way, and yet more inaction. The administration just stripped 200,000 Salvadorans legally residing in the United States of their protected status, people who are obeying our laws and who are working here legally. b1245 They did this while admonishing Congress to provide these same people with an enduring lawful immigration status; and yet, we have a Congress that is so dysfunctional, they can’t even agree on what to have for lunch, 
never mind move anything forward that is positive with regard to protecting these important members of our community. The debt limit needs to be raised to ensure the U.S. is able to pay its bills. Communities are urgently in need of resources to fight the opioid epidemic that is killing 91 Americans a day. They are tired of your press releases. They want the funding to be able to respond to the crisis in their communities; yet, nothing in this CR, no urgency here in Congress. More needs to be done to help repair damage left by devastating wildfires and hurricanes that have ravaged this country. I just came back from a trip to Puerto Rico. The place is still in great disrepair, and our initial response to that hurricane was disgraceful. We have a special obligation to these people, our fellow citizens, to better respond; yet, there is no urgency here. Most importantly, where is the budget agreement that sets the caps for fiscal year 2018? House and Senate appropriators can’t even begin negotiations on an omnibus funding bill until they know the topline numbers. That means that this will not be the last shortterm continuing resolution that we see before this House. Until there is an agreement on the budget caps, we will continue to see the Republican majority keep kicking the can down the road. We will see CR No. 5 in midFebruary and maybe CR No. 6 shortly thereafter. When will the Republicans finally stop negotiating with themselves and instead reach out to Democrats and work in a bipartisan way and actually get the job done that we were sent here to do by our constituents? We are just hours away from another Republican shutdown, and instead of working on a bipartisan agreement, we are here discussing this inflammatory bill that will impose criminal penalties on doctors and allow Congress to intrude on medical care decisions. When are we going to put the radical rhetoric aside and do our jobs and tackle the real issues that the Americans sent us here to tackle? Here is kind of the icing on the cake. This government shutdown is looming. We are going to run out of money on Friday. All hell is going to break loose if we can’t come to some sort of agreement. You would think we would be working together to get this done as quickly as possible. But then we are told we are going to consider the continuing resolution rule after this and then we are going to debate it, but we are not going to vote on it until later night, after 7, maybe even later. Why, people might ask, are we delaying action on a bill that decides whether we keep the government open? Oh, we just found out President Trump is doing a political rally with Republican Members of Congress in Pennsylvania. So the political rally is more important than the wellbeing of the American people? What are you guys thinking? Shame on you. This is a moment of urgency and instead of doing political sound bite legislation and instead of doing political rallies in Pennsylvania for an election that doesn’t happen until March, Members of Congress ought to be here, working to keep the government running, to come to some sort of accommodation on the DREAMers, to make sure community health centers are funded, to make sure our veterans get the funding and the healthcare they need. What you are doing is atrocious. If the American people could sue you for political malpractice, you would be in deep trouble. I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule, to oppose this bill that would severely undermine women’s access to essential services like abortion, and I urge my colleagues to cancel the political rally and get back to work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair and not engage in personalities toward the President. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I compliment my colleague on the other side of the aisle, Mr. MCGOVERN . We have the opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to spend a number of hours together up in the Rules Committee. It is always great to manage debates with Mr. MCGOVERN on the other side of the aisle because you are left with, number one, no doubt about where he stands. But number two, a targetrich environment as well, Mr. Speaker. I would just say a couple of things. First of all, casting aspersions on this bill when my colleagues say this bill is nothing more than a political stunt or a political sound bite or a partisan talking point, I can’t imagine, Mr. Speaker, that they really believe that describing legislation—they may disagree with the legislation—but for us to have to be on the floor of this body talking about babies who are born alive and who are killed at the hands of abortionists is far more than a political sound bite. I think Mr. MCGOVERN , my colleague, was saying that we ought to be ashamed of ourselves. I would just say, Mr. Speaker, that is rhetoric that we don’t need and rhetoric that is absolutely inaccurate in terms of describing the important efforts that we have underway here. I also would hope, Mr. Speaker, that our colleagues in the other body, in particular, the Democrats in the other body—Mr. SCHUMER and the others over there—were watching Mr. MCGOVERN just now. If the issue really is, Let’s get to work and let’s get a deal done, that deal is in their hands. Mr. MCGOVERN well knows that you have got to get 60 votes in the United States Senate to get a deal. We are in the position today where, of the long list of items Mr. MCGOVERN mentioned, I would say he failed to mention the single most important obligation we have, which is to ensure that we get resources to our military. The reality of the situation we are facing today, at a moment when our Nation faces grave threats, at a moment where we are having servicemen and women killed in training accidents—more killed in training accidents in the last year than were killed in combat in the last year—we in this body have failed to do our duty. The reality of this, for people to understand, is that the Democrats in the United States Senate are holding funding for defense hostage because they want amnesty for illegal immigrants. That, Mr. Speaker, is something that I think is absolutely indefensible. So I hope that Mr. MCGOVERN ’s colleagues in the Senate were watching him, were listening to the concern he has about the sense of urgency with moving forward. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, we could have a deal today, if the Democrats would stop holding spending hostage, stop holding the resources our military needs hostage in order to grant amnesty for illegal immigrants. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), my friend and colleague and the sponsor of this bill. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you it is an honor to come to the floor and talk about one of these protected rights: life. When we talk about our founding documents and life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, it is life that we are protecting. I find it unfortunate that we have some who would say this is a radical talking point. I would offer that the right to life is a fundamental right, not a talking point. Now, what brings us to this point in time? We all remember the stories of Kermit Gosnell, the abortionist, the house of horrors, and what happened there, where individuals—moms—lost their lives, where one of the workers in that clinic estimated that there had been as many as 100 babies through the years that had survived an abortion and had been killed. What we are seeking to do is expand these protections. Today, what we are doing with H.R. 4712 is to build on that legislation from 2002. This body had passed that legislation to protect infants that were born alive and had survived abortions. This bill before us today is going to do four very important things. First, it requires appropriate care be given to any child who is born alive following a failed abortion. It requires any health providers present to administer the same lifepreserving care that would be given to babies born under any other circumstances and to ensure 
that the child is transported immediately to a hospital. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Second, the bill establishes criminal penalties that providers will face if they violate providing that care. Third, it establishes a civil right of action to enforce the law. Finally, the bill provides crucial protections that will prevent mothers of these babies from being subject to criminal prosecution and penalties. Mr. Speaker, these are the right steps to protect the most vulnerable among us. I encourage support for the bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my colleague from Wyoming that I will point out a little statistic that she might be interested in. That is, I think never in history has the government been shut down when the same party controls the House, the Senate, and the White House, like the Republicans do right now. The Republicans have a 23seat majority, I think, in the House right now. You control the agenda. If the gentlewoman or her leadership were interested in working with Democrats, here is a little advice: maybe you ought to have asked us to the table. Maybe you should consult with us. Maybe you should ask us what we think is important. Maybe you ought to understand that if you want to get something done that is bipartisan, you have to act in a bipartisan way. The reason why I am anxious to get this vote on the CR is because I think the CR that has been proposed is wholly inadequate. It is not in the best interest of our country. But I want us to continue to negotiate it. Maybe the Republicans will come back to the table and negotiate. That is why I feel so strongly that my Republican friends ought not be going to political rallies in Pennsylvania today with the President and they ought to be staying here to do the work to make sure we get a bipartisan agreement to keep the government open. I get it. You are losing seats all around the place. The popularity of the Republican Party has never been lower. You are all panicked. But the election isn’t until March. Donald Trump can take all of you on his luxurious plane to Pennsylvania at another time. But today, we ought to be focused on the people’s business. Next week, we are supposed to be off. So you have all the time in the world next week to be able to go with Donald Trump on a political excursion. When I think about what is at stake and we are delaying votes on a continuing resolution and on further negotiations because people are more interested in the political rally in Pennsylvania, this takes my breath away. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are advised to address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), the distinguished ranking member of the Rules Committee. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we are back to the House floor today to pass another bill, the real intent of which is to harm women and limit their constitutionally protected healthcare they can receive. I need to repeat that because most people I find do not understand that the Constitution of the United States, which we revere, protects a woman’s right to choose. To add insult to injury, this intrusive legislation is totally unnecessary. Killing an infant, or anybody else, has always been against the law. To reiterate the point, a bipartisan law was passed in 2002 to reinforce that medical care should be given to any infant born alive. To illustrate how unnecessary this bill is, Dr. Kermit Gosnell, who is the only example we have in America, is going to spend the rest of his life in prison without any possibility of parole for three firstdegree murder convictions. But H.R. 4712 goes much further than the current law. It legislates medical standards of care and threatens the providers with civil and criminal penalties. The effects of this are best described by an OB/GYN from my district: ‘‘I have been a practicing OB/GYN for more than 35 years, and it is my life’s calling to care for women across their lifespan. Throughout my career, I have cared for patients during their highest highs and lowest lows, from healthy pregnancies to devastating fetal anomalies, to cancer diagnoses. I take my role as their trusted physician very seriously, and take pride in providing compassionate and ethical care to each and every patient. ‘‘H.R. 4712 would take that ability away from me, inserting politicians into the patientphysician relationship and the profoundly personal healthcare decisions of my patients. ‘‘Recently, I had a patient with severe HELLP syndrome, a lifethreatening blood pressure condition during pregnancy for which the only treatment is to deliver. This meant induction of her previable fetus to save her life. b1300 ‘‘As her condition deteriorated, and after consulting her family, spiritual leader, and several specialists, she decided to deliver’’—she should be able to consult whomever she pleases—‘‘knowing that her extremely preterm infant would not survive. If enacted, H.R. 4712 would take away this family’s choice of providing comfort care for their baby, put my patient’s life at risk, and threaten me with criminal and civil penalties for providing appropriate and empathetic care to my patients.’’ H.R. 4712 is just the next bill in a long line of votes that we have had here that would hurt women. But Congress is just part of the current crusade against women. This administration has done more than its share to ensure that 2017 saw an unprecedented amount of attacks against women and our ability to access healthcare. Just this morning—America, please don’t lose the irony in this. Just this morning, the administration announced a rule to allow providers, hospitals, nurses, and others to refuse patients needed healthcare based solely on the religious or moral beliefs of the provider. Is it just me who thinks that is in direct contradiction to this bill they are trying to push off on us now? On the one hand, they are saying everything has to be treated, and, on the other hand, they are saying you don’t have to treat anybody if your personal or moral convictions prevent you from doing so. That is really dangerous, believe me. This is an unconscionable effort to blatantly ignore the needs and the best interests of the patients. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. SLAUGHTER. This silly rule will put individuals’ lives and health in danger and will result in deaths, based on an undefined moral objection. It doesn’t even have to be explained that they have some idea that they would not be able to treat that person who may be bleeding to death before them. Mr. Speaker, I am going to close again with the words from the OB/GYN from my district: ‘‘The purpose of this legislation is to scare and intimidate physicians and punish them for providing abortion care, but the true impact will be on the women and families who will be denied the highest quality medical treatment they deserve. ‘‘H.R. 4712 is a dangerous bill. I urge you to protect my patients’ access to care and reject this gross interference in the patientphysician relationship.’’ Mr. Speaker, without a doubt, the whole idea of this bill is a political issue. But the idea of what the administration did this morning, to completely negate this bill that we are debating right now, is irony that is just too delicious to miss. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), one of the strongest, most honorable and admirable defenders of life in this body, my friend. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, doctors, today, routinely diagnose and treat a myriad of illnesses and diseases suffered by societies’ littlest patients—unborn babies 
and newborns—significantly enhancing both the children’s health and longevity. Abortionists, on the other hand, take a different approach. They dismember and chemically kill unborn children for profit. For decades, babies have survived later term abortions. As far back as 37 years ago, a Philadelphia Inquirer story called baby survival ‘‘the dreaded complication.’’ Dr. Willard Cates of the Center for Disease Control said live births ‘‘are little known because organized medicine, from fear of public clamor and legal action, treats them more as an embarrassment to be hushed up than a problem to be solved. It is like turning yourself in to the IRS for an audit. What is there to gain? The tendency is not to report because there are only negative incentives.’’ Of course, the tendency is not to report. When an undercover investigator asked another abortion provider from Planned Parenthood about the procedure for checking for signs of life in a baby born after an attempted abortion, the abortionist responded by saying: ‘‘I mean, the key is, you need to pay attention to who is in the room. . . . ‘’ Philadelphia abortionist Kermit Gosnell had a lot of people in the room, but nobody was reporting, as he killed and snipped the spinal cords of hundreds of born babies to ensure that they didn’t survive. All is not well in the abortion clinics either, in terms of their own personnel. The National Public Radio, NPR, did an incisive story featuring former Planned Parenthood Director Abby Huffman, who is now Johnson, who is now prolife, and her outreach to clinical workers encouraging them to quit their jobs inside the abortion clinics. Heard on ‘‘All Things Considered,’’ Annette Lancaster, a former manager of Planned Parenthood in North Carolina, said her abortion work made her feel ‘‘dark and morbid.’’ Annette said she was troubled by the way she and other workers referred to fetal remains. She said: ‘‘I just now started being able to use my deep freezer in my home by going through therapy, because we used to call the freezer the ‘nursery.’’’ That is to say for the dead babies. The National Abortion Federation, in their textbook for abortionists, says: ‘‘Providers should consider the possibility of a liveborn fetus, particularly if fetal death is not induced prior to the procedure and the gestational age is 18 to 20 weeks or more.’’ ‘‘Besides the emotional and ethical difficulties for patients, their partners, and staff, a delivery with signs of life may have legal implications.’’ The problem with existing law, Mr. Speaker, is enforcement—the lack of legal implications. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. M ARSHA  BLACKBURN ’s bill, the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, requires, under penalty of law, that appropriate healthcare to be given to any child who survives an attempted abortion, not looking the other way, as has been done for decades—Gosnell probably being the most egregious example. The law prescribes that: ‘‘Any healthcare practitioner present at the time the child is born shall exercise the same degree of professional skill, care, and diligence to preserve the life and health of the child as a reasonably diligent and conscientious healthcare practitioner would render to any other child born alive at the same gestational age; following the exercise of skill, care, and diligence . . . ensure that the child born alive is immediately transported to a hospital.’’ The bill also establishes strong criminal penalties for practitioners who violate this requirement; establishes a civil right of action for the mother of the child, to enforce the law; and the mother of the child born alive may not be prosecuted under this law. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are, again, at a very urgent moment here for our country. We have a lot to do, and we ought to be working in a bipartisan way to keep the government open. That ought to be everybody’s priority. Quite frankly, we ought to be focused on that more than on a bill that is a sound bite that is going nowhere. In fact, this bill was so important to my Republican friends that it never had a hearing or it never went through a markup. It just miraculously appeared at the last minute in advance of this antichoice rally coming up. But with all that is going on right now, I mean, with the threat of a shutdown, I am looking at Donald Trump’s tweet: ‘‘Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to Rick Saccone, running for Congress in a special election (March 13). Rick is a great guy.’’ That is where the President’s head is today. And he is taking a bunch of Republicans with him. Rather than negotiating a bipartisan deal that will help keep the government running, that will help the DREAMers, that will help our kids, that will help community health centers, that will help our hospitals, and that will help our veterans, the focus is on a political rally in Pennsylvania. This is unbelievable. Cancel the rally—you have until March 13—and, instead, focus on the people’s business. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ), the cochair of the Pro Choice Caucus. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, this bill imposes dangerous new standards of care on doctors under threat of criminal penalties, including up to 5 years in jail. It is just another attempt by the majority to interfere with the medical judgment of doctors and other trained healthcare professionals, and it is, frankly, another example of why it is such a very, very bad idea for Congress to be legislating medical standards. H.R. 4712 is also a solution in search of a problem. There is simply no evidence that current law is insufficient to protect infants. It should go without saying that it has always been illegal to kill newborns. It is a complete distortion of the truth to say anything otherwise. In 2002, as my colleagues have said, Congress reaffirmed that infants are entitled to appropriate medical care under a law that passed on a bipartisan basis. I voted for it. That law left medical judgment where it should be: in the hands of doctors, instead of politicians. Today, the only example that we have heard from the other side of a horror that they are talking about was Dr. Kermit Gosnell, and it was a horror. And guess what? He was prosecuted under current law. And guess what? He is spending the rest of his life in prison, which is where he should be. Sadly, the true intent of this bill is to intimidate and shame doctors out of providing comprehensive reproductive healthcare to patients. The extreme and vague requirements of this bill, coupled with its stiff criminal and civil penalties, are only meant to have a chilling effect on providers, which will reduce access to safe and legal abortion. Do you know what? I have been saying this every time we have one of these bills on the floor—the bills that are solutions in search of problems. Here is what I have to say, Mr. Speaker, to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: If they truly want to reduce abortion in this country, work with us on providing family planning and longacting birth control to everybody. Abortion is at the lowest rate in history in this country, and the reason is because States, like my State of Colorado, are providing birth control to prevent unwanted pregnancies. We can do this on a bipartisan basis, but, instead, my colleagues choose not to, and I think that is a shame for every single woman and family in this country. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I understand why my colleague on the other side of the aisle doesn’t want the President to be traveling to Pennsylvania. He doesn’t want him to be traveling, I am sure, to any battleground States. It didn’t work out very well for his party in 2016, when the President, very effectively, did just that all over the country. I would also say that it is brave for my colleague to read a tweet of the President here on the House floor. I think the last time that the two of us were here together, we discussed the fact that it was a tweet from the President that scared his leadership away 
from a crucial meeting at the White House to negotiate the budget cap deal, to negotiate exactly the deal that he is now so anxious to get done. I can assure you, Mr. Speaker, that work is underway. I can assure you that we could have a deal right now today if—and I will repeat it once again. I know my colleague is going to say that the Republicans control the Senate. But he knows, and I know, Mr. Speaker, that the rules of the Senate require 60 votes to get something done. That means today that if CHUCK SCHUMER and the Democrats in the Senate are unwilling to agree to the cap deal, they are unwilling to provide the resources that we need to fund the military, the resources to make sure our men and women in uniform can defend the Nation, because they are holding out, and they are holding that hostage over amnesty. We could get it done today if they would be willing simply to come to the table and compromise and stop holding our troops hostage. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ). Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for bringing this important bill to the floor. We have heard it mentioned that, in 2002, in a bipartisan way, we already have law that a baby born alive, at any stage of gestation, any weeks of life, born alive, it is already illegal to kill the baby, and that was a bipartisan bill; so I can understand why my friends on the other side of the aisle want to keep changing the subject. Every vote today should be for this bill. We have already agreed that you have to save the lives of these children. The problem is that we don’t have strong enforcement mechanisms. This bill provides enforcement mechanisms. This bill specifies any medical care. This should be a unanimous vote. That is what we need to talk about here today—in fact, life begins at conception—to have laws that protect babies born alive. Now, remember, these are babies who are born alive. There have been questions about whether or not it happens. Melissa Ohden, who testified in the Judiciary Committee a couple of years ago, was a baby born alive. She started her own network, the Abortion Survivors Network, where she has had contact with 203 other abortion survivors. Sometimes when they go in to start the abortion, they start the treatments, the dilation, and the chemical treatments, the baby comes out alive. I know people listening to this here today might believe that this is a horror story and that this doesn’t happen. It happens in America. We need to fight this, make it illegal, and pass this bill, so that those babies are given the same protection as any other child who is alive. This is a no brainer. The only shame today is that when this vote is cast later, if there are not 435 ‘‘yes’’ votes on that board today, that should be the shame of this situation. These are live babies. This is a nobrainer bill. I am proud to represent the State of West Virginia, where respect for human life is cherished. Every Member of this body should respect human life. If it is already law, you should have no problem voting for it. That is all the more reason to support the bill before us today. The voters of this country have elected us to do the job of the prolife majority. It is time we pass bills like this, and more bills like this, so that we can show people we care about the unborn children. b1315 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me respond to the gentlewoman from Wyoming because I just want to make sure I am clear here. There are less than 35 hours left before the government shuts down. I think that is a pretty big deal that should concern Republicans and Democrats. I want to be clear. I don’t care if the President goes to Pennsylvania. He can fly on his nice jet, enjoy lifestyles of the rich and famous or whatever he does, and go anywhere he wants in this country. I don’t care where he travels to. What we object to is the fact that this House is going to recess during this critical time so that he can bring along a whole bunch of Republican Members of Congress to be part of a political event at this crucial moment when the government is about to shut down. I find that astonishing. The gentlewoman talks about how we owe it to the men and women in uniform to make sure we support our military. Do you think our men and women in uniform want us to take a break right now so that Republican Members can join the President on his fancy jet and go to Pennsylvania for a political rally? Is that where the priorities of this Republican majority really are? I guess it is a habit. The last time we almost had a shutdown, in December, the Republicans took a break so that they could go to the White House for a party to celebrate their tax bill. I am sorry. I know a lot of Republicans in my district and across the country who I don’t think prioritize parties and political rallies over us doing our business. Either postpone the political rally or have the President go without Members of Congress. But the idea to recess until after 7 at this crucial moment when so much is in the balance I find just unbelievably beyond the pale. Mr. Speaker, for months the majority has been holding the healthcare of 9 million children and over 9 million individuals, including seniors and pregnant women, hostage while they passed tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires. Well, time is up. With each day that we fail to act, our constituents face uncertain times. It is wrong. Mr. Speaker, even President Trump says he agrees that we need to act on CHIP. Just this morning he tweeted: ‘‘CHIP should be part of a longterm solution, not a 30day or a shortterm extension.’’ Well, here is the chance to stop playing politics with CHIP—and community health centers as well—and do just that. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative MCEACHIN ’s bill, H.R. 4820, the Advancing Seniors and Kids Act. This bill would restore certainty and stability to so many of our vulnerable citizens by responsibly addressing critical healthcare priorities. It permanently reauthorizes CHIP; it reauthorizes community health centers for 2 years; and it includes other vital healthcare programs that provide relief to pregnant women, seniors, and many more. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. MCEACHIN ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, my Advancing Seniors and Kids Act would permanently reauthorize CHIP, fund community health centers, prevent damaging cuts to our safety net hospitals, and make other changes that protect the health of children, seniors, and our most vulnerable friends and neighbors. For months, Congress has failed to act on these issues, and the result has been completely avoidable pain and suffering. Right now, Americans wake up every day and worry: How much longer will my child, my family members have healthcare? Mr. Speaker, we can take that fear away right now. Extending CHIP and funding community health centers, these are commonsense policies with bipartisan support. We should have passed clean extensions a long time ago, but we can make amends right now. We know that healthcare coverage saves lives. We know that CHIP covers almost 9 million children. It is critically important that we do the right thing. If we let CHIP lapse, if we do not protect hospitals and community centers, there will be horrible consequences for families across this country. Today more Americans have coverage than ever before. Medical bankruptcies are a lot less common than they were in the past. We are making progress. I am urging my colleagues to build on that progress and not to abandon it. 
A solution is right here in front of us. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and join me in supporting quality and affordable healthcare for all Americans. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, if my colleague from Massachusetts is so concerned about the government shutdown, about children’s health, about providing relief for healthcare, then I assume that he will be voting ‘‘yes’’ for the CR that comes to the floor later today, which, in fact, does extend CHIP, which, in fact, does help to provide relief from the terrible medical device tax, and which will keep the government open. I think that, if he wants to make sure that his objectives are met, there is a simple solution to do that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, there are some issues we debate here in the House that, frankly, should not be a matter of question in anyone’s mind. One of those is whether or not a baby born and is outside of the womb deserves protection. Sometimes abortion attempts fail and babies are born alive: its heart is beating, muscles moving, and lungs working. Tragically, some abortion providers then kill these infants directly or through neglect and exposure, and this is unconscionable. The BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act says that a baby who survives an abortion must be treated at a hospital with the same care as a baby born alive naturally at the same state of pregnancy. The bill includes criminal sanctions against any abortion provider who kills a baby born alive. Mr. Speaker, killing a baby outside of the womb is unquestionably the taking of an innocent human life. I urge unanimous support of Representative BLACKBURN ’s bill. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I would say to the gentlewoman from Wyoming that I am not going to vote for the CR because it doesn’t do anything for community health centers and doesn’t do anything to alleviate the burden of DSH payments for the hospitals that provide to vulnerable communities and doesn’t fund Veterans Health the way we want it to. There is a whole bunch of stuff. I just want this process to move forward so we can get back to negotiating and actually get a deal that is bipartisan that we all can be proud of. That is why—tell your Members: Please don’t go on this political rally today. Instead, let’s keep this House going and let’s do the people’s work. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, my, my, my, here we go again, Republicans playing politics with deeply personal healthcare decisions that belong between women and their physicians. The BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act is not going to save lives. It is going to wrench us back to the dark days of coat hanger medicine where women were killed and maimed in back alleys. This legislation has one aim: intimidate good and decent doctors; threaten them with imprisonment if they dare to perform a legal abortion, exercising their own medical judgment and with the consent of their patient. I strongly oppose this legislation. Mr. Speaker, the women of this country are watching. We will not go back. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, we are hearing a lot about how we can’t do two things at once around here. We have 435 Members of the House of Representatives. We have multiple committees. There are negotiations going on in other rooms right now, but there is no time to do this important piece of legislation to stop infanticide in this country. It is like, wow, can Members of Congress not walk and chew gum at the same time? I would invite my Democratic colleagues: Here, try some gum. We need to do this. This empowers nurses. This empowers those assistants who see something that is terribly wrong with an abortion that went wrong and they have a chance. Instead, they have to clandestinely sneak out that surviving baby and take them somewhere else because they can’t get the care they need; they might get in trouble from their boss. What kind of country is that? Why is this even a debate in a civilized country in 2018 that you wouldn’t do everything you can, after the already difficult or bad decision on an abortion, that a baby who survived, that we are not going to do everything we can to swoop it away and help it survive? What are we talking about here? This is unbelievable to me. Mr. Speaker, we need to pass this legislation and empower those nurses, empower those assistants who see what is wrong and allow them to do the right thing. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor on this. I want to make sure that people know that I am an original cosponsor of the underlying bill. I support the underlying bill. I have signed on to every piece of pro life legislation that I can find, and I came here to save as many lives as we can. My question out here is: What do you have to do to break out of the straightjacket of incrementalism and get to actually saving numbers of lives? My hat is off to Jill Stanek. She brought this bill a long way. We are going to honor her today on the vote on the final passage of the bill. But I am putting up a procedural vote, a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule today, because we have 170 cosponsors on the Heartbeat bill. I have gone to every meeting. Nobody brought this bill up as the premier bill, and somehow, one outside organization came in and lobbied to put this ahead. It had 61 cosponsors instead of 170. There has been no hearing. I am for the bill. Attach them both together. Let’s save all the lives we can. But if nobody has the courage to step up and say what is wrong with this process, then we’re never going to fix the process. So I am going to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I won’t ask anybody else to do that. I will vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill, and I will go back to work to save as many lives as we possibly can. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman from Iowa: the process stinks. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, we have heard some outrageous arguments from our colleagues on the other side in the last hour or so. I have heard things like the argument that this is unnecessarily legislating medical standards. They said that this should be a matter of medical judgment. Really? A commitment to the sanctity of every single human life is essential to who we are as Americans and, more fundamental than that, who we are as human beings. They have also argued that this is a solution in search of a problem, but they ignore the data. According to the CDC, between 2003 and 2014, 588 of the infant deaths reported included a record that the cause of death was ‘‘termination of pregnancy affecting a fetus and a newborn.’’ The CDC acknowledges that this could be an underestimate. I can tell you from my own experience, firsthand, over two decades litigating against the abortion industry in Louisiana that that industry always underreports their numbers of terminations and, certainly, their complications. Just yesterday, I spoke with my friend Brandi in Baton Rouge. She is, herself, a survivor of a failed abortion attempt. She was left to die, and now she lives with severe disabilities because of that. She is a passionate advocate for life. Mr. Speaker, every single one of us should be. The most important responsibility of a just government is to defend the defenseless. With the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, it is necessary to protect the most vulnerable in our society, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the legislation. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for a unanimous consent request. 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the opposing of the rule and opposing of H.R. 4712 to support the right of a woman to choose and to support loving families. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Rule and the underlying bill. I strongly oppose this latest attempt by the Republican House majority to limit women’s rights to safe and legal abortions. H.R. 4712 amends the BornAlive Infants Protection Act—a 2002 law that the prochoice community did not oppose. This bill, however, adds penalties to the law and an entirely new section in which Congress attempts to intrude directly into medical practice of abortion care for antichoice ideological purposes. Antichoice lawmakers say this new bill is necessary because some babies ‘‘survive’’ abortion procedures. They cite the nowdiscredited videos attacking Planned Parenthood as their evidence. Of course, such allegations are untrue: newborns already have many legal protections, and there is no similarity between safe, legal abortion care and infanticide. This bill is a solution in search of a problem. No evidence of lawbreaking has been uncovered that necessitates congressional involvement. Abortion practice is safe, legal, and humane; any evidence of wrongdoing can and should be handled under existing law. If there is ever a case of harm or mistreatment of newborns, then of course, it should be investigated and prosecuted. No such case exists here. That makes it even clearer that H.R. 4712 must have other purposes; we believe the bill’s true goals are to inflame the public with outrageous accusations, to interfere with medical care, and to intimidate doctors out of practice. This legislation is consistent with the assaults that the Trump Administration and anti abortion members of Congress in both the House and Senate have been undertaking throughout the 115th Congress and show no signs of ending. The bill intrudes into medical practice, its mandate is so broad and the penalties so severe—up to five years in prison and the threat of financially crippling lawsuits—that one can only conclude that H.R. 4712 hopes to intimidate abortion providers out of practice. This interference in medical care could also cause tremendous additional grief to some families making difficult decisions in heartbreaking cases. We would not tolerate similar intrusion by politicians into any other medical specialty; abortion care is no different. Finally, it is important to put this legislation into the proper context. We are in the midst of an unprecedented assault against reproductive rights: this bill is just one in a litany to restrict a woman’s right to choose while using women as political pawns with an extremist, antichoice base. Instead of spending time attempting to roll back women’s constitutionally protected rights, this House should be advancing legislation that will reform our truly broken immigration and criminal justice systems. The bill before us is offered for a simple purpose; to sensationalize opposition to abortion and serve as a political decoy to shut down our government. The United States Supreme Court ruled over 40 years ago, in Roe v. Wade (410 U.S. 113 (1973)), that a woman’s constitutional right to privacy includes her right to abortion. Since this landmark decision, abortion rates and risks have substantially declined, as have the number of teen and unwanted pregnancies. Restricting all access to reproductive and women’s health services only exacerbates a woman’s risk of an unintended pregnancy and fails to accomplish any meaningful overthrow of Roe v. Wade. In recent years, state policymakers have passed hundreds of restrictions on abortion care under the guise of protecting women’s health and safety. Fights here in Congress have been no different. In my state of Texas a law that would have cut off access to 75 percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 and 2015. On October 2, 2014, the Supreme Court struck down as unconstitutional a Texas law that required that all reproductive healthcare clinics that provided the full range of services would be required to have a hospitalstyle surgery center building and staffing requirements. This requirement meant that only 7 clinics would be allowed to continue to provide a full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to women. Texas has 268,580 square miles only second in size to the state of California. The impact of the law in implementation would have ended access to reproductive services for millions of women in my state. In 2015, the State of Texas once again threatened women’s access to reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. The Supreme Court once again intervened on the behalf of Texas women to block the move to close clinics in my state. It seems every month we are faced with a new attack on women’s access to reproductive health care, often couched in those same terms. But we know that’s not really the case. If my colleagues were so concerned about women’s health and safety, they would be promoting any one of the number of evidence based proactive policies that improve women’s health and wellbeing. Instead, they are attacking Planned Parenthood in a backhanded attempt to ban abortion. That is their number one priority. This is certainly not about protecting women’s health, it’s about politics. Just as the 1988 Human Fetal Tissue Transplantation Research Panel (or the Blue Ribbon Commission) sought to separate the question of ethics of abortion from the question ethics of using fetal tissue from legal elective abortions for medical research when laying the foundation for the 1993, NIH Health Revitalization Act (which passed overwhelmingly with bipartisan support), we must separate the personal views of abortion from the legal issues of federal compliance. Namely, the NIH Health Revitalization Act prohibits the payment or receipt of money or any other form of valuable consideration for fetal tissue, regardless of whether the program to which the tissue is being provided is funded or not. A limited exception, and crux of the applicable issue of legality, lies with the provision allowing for reimbursement for actual expenses (e.g. storage, processing, transportation, etc.) of the tissue. Planned Parenthood repeatedly maintains and supports that their affiliates involved with fetal tissue research comply with this requirement. In fact, of the 700+ affiliate health care centers across the country, only 4 Planned Parenthood affiliates currently offer tissue donation services and of those 4, only 2 (California and Washington) offer fetal tissue donation services—that’s 1 percent of all Planned Parenthood service centers. The California affiliate receives a modest reimbursement of $60 per tissue specimen and the Washington affiliate receives no reimbursement. It is worth noting that fetal tissue has been used for decades. Since the 1920’s researchers have used fetal tissue to study and treat various neurological disorders, spinal cord injuries, diabetes, immune deficiencies, cancers and lifethreatening blood diseases. One of the earliest advances with fetal tissue was to use fetal kidney cells to create the first poliovirus vaccines, which are now estimated to save 550,000 lives worldwide every year. The most widely known application in the field of human fetal tissue transplantation has been the Treatment of Parkinson’s disease. Many of our other common vaccines, such as polio, measles, chicken pox, rubella and shingles, have been developed through the use of fetal tissue or cell lines derived from fetal tissue. When looking at the 1 percent of health care providers involved in fetal tissue donation and research, and no clear credible proof of illegal activity, it is obvious that attacks on Planned Parenthood are wholly misguided. Planned Parenthood has one of the most 
rigorous Medical standards and accreditation processes in the country. It is the only national provider that has developed a single set of evidencebased Medical Standards and Guidelines that define how health care is provided throughout the country. Guidelines are developed and updated annually by a group of nationallyrenowned experts, physicians, and scientists, including medical experts from Harvard and Columbia. Planned Parenthood affiliates must submit to accreditation reviews that include 100 indicators (or high level areas of review) and over 600 individual Elements of Performance (or measures for review). Half of these relate to the provision of medical care and patient safety. Planned Parenthood has strict requirements regarding compliance with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations. A specific area of compliance is with mandatory reporting laws and regulations regarding reporting in instances where the welfare of a minor is endangered. All staff with patient contact are rigorously trained regarding compliance with federal, state and local laws and regulations governing service to minors. 
Violations of mandatory reporting regulations are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. It is no secret that the Center for Medical Progress is an extreme antichoice organization with a goal of outlawing legal abortion procedures in this country. To achieve that goal, they have shamelessly targeted Planned Parenthood and the funding that provides healthcare services to millions of women every year. They continue to use deceptive tactics and secret videos to try and undermine Planned Parenthood. Just like Live Action, the Center for Medical Progress is not a group that can be taken credibly. The Center for Medical Progress is simply recreating a history of doctoring and manipulating video intended to create misimpressions about Planned Parenthood. It is a coordinated effort by antichoice forces—not only on Planned Parenthood or a woman’s right to choose, but on women’s health care across the board. At the same time, national media is reporting about a major coordinated push by anti choice groups and Members of Congress to defund Planned Parenthood. This coordinated effort to defund Planned Parenthood is an assault on all progressive health care, service, and advocacy organizations who aim to provide vital care and services to women and men across this country. The public is standing by Planned Parenthood, which plays a vital role in defending women’s health and rights. Hundreds of thousands have already spoken up, including leading groups and communities such as the growing voice of our millennial generation. My colleagues should be doing more to connect our youth and women to services that help them reduce their risk of unintended pregnancies and STD’s, and improve their overall health through preventative screenings, education and planning, rather than restricting their access to lawfully entitled family planning and private health services. I urge all Members to vote against the rule and the underlying bill. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), my colleague on the Rules Committee. b1330 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong support of this rule and to provide consideration of H.R. 4712, the BornAlive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which would ensure that children who survive an abortion, or an attempted abortion, are given proper medical treatment. I am a proud cosponsor of this bill to ensure that babies born alive are transported and admitted to a hospital immediately following emergency care. As a Christian and as a father of two, I hold maintaining the sanctity of life as my highest priority. The House of Representatives voted to pass this legislation in the 114th Congress, but it was met with an unresponsive Senate. I will vote again to support this bill to hold healthcare providers accountable, protect and empower mothers, and help ensure that these innocent children are provided the same medical care that any other newborn would receive. I remain hopeful that this time around we can send this important legislation to the President to be signed into law. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, could I inquire how much time is left on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Wyoming has 4 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 3 minutes remaining. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman prepared to close? Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as long as the gentlewoman doesn’t have any other speakers, I am prepared to close. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to say to all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, that this process is lousy. This is yet another closed rule. The bill before us didn’t even go through committee. There was not a hearing. There was not a markup. It just miraculously appeared right before an antichoice rally, and here it is, take it or leave it. That is not the way this place is supposed to be run. At some point, no matter what your ideology is, no matter what you believe about some of these issues, you have to be for a more open process, a more deliberative process. This diminishes the House of Representatives. This is not what the people, I don’t care what the political party or ideology may be, want from their Congress. They want a more open and transparent process. Mr. Speaker, this bill before us, as I said before, is a sound bite. It is going nowhere, but it has been introduced, and we are going to be voting on it purely for political purposes. Mr. Speaker, this morning, the majority whip announced: ‘‘Upon conclusion of debate on H.R. 195’’—that is the CR—‘‘the House will recess until 7 p.m.’’ Recess? I mean, recess? With all that is at stake, we are going to recess? This isn’t a time for recess or a political rally. Shame on Republicans who are delaying action in this House on moving the process forward on a continuing resolution, to try to buy some time to make it better, hopefully, so that it can earn bipartisan support. Shame on them for going to a political rally instead of staying here and doing their job. This is the time to responsibly fund government. Those of us on the Democratic side have a lot of issues with what the House leadership is ramming through in terms of a CR. We were not part of that discussion. We were not asked what our values are and what we think is important. This is purely a product that the Republicans negotiated with Republicans. My hope is that we have time to make it better, but when you recess until 7, not to make it better, not to negotiate, but so that Republicans can go to a political rally, shame on you for doing that with all that is at stake. Our soldiers don’t want us to recess. Those who depend on community health centers don’t want us to recess. Our veterans don’t want us to recess. Yet everybody’s perfectly fine on the other side of the aisle with taking a break; no big deal; no rush, nothing, as we get closer and closer to this crisis. At some point we need responsible leadership in this House, and that begins with a return to regular order, a more open and transparent process, a respect for the views of the minority, and it means prioritizing the business of the American people. I will say funding the government is more important than a political rally in Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I agree with my colleague on the other side of the aisle, my colleague from Massachusetts. There is shameful action underway in this Congress, and that shameful action is the fact that, I will say once again, we are in a situation where our men and women in uniform have not received the appropriations that they need to do the job that we are asking them to do. And the reason they haven’t—we have passed an authorization bill through this body; we have passed an appropriations bill through this body, but the Democrats in the Senate are refusing to act. The Democrats in the Senate who hold the key to getting 60 votes in the United States Senate are refusing to act. The reason they are refusing to act, Mr. Speaker, is because they want amnesty for illegal immigrants, and they are holding hostage the extent to which we are able to provide resources to fund our men and women in uniform. Mr. Speaker, there is a tremendous amount of urgency on both sides of the aisle. I respect my colleague from Massachusetts and I respect his frustration, but I do not respect, Mr. Speaker, the extent to which he is accusing us of shameful behavior. We are on this floor today talking about a bill that will protect babies who are born alive after abortions. The shameful behavior is that, on the other side of the aisle, they want to talk politics, they want to talk posturing, they want to talk process. They don’t want to talk about babies who are born alive after abortion. I know why they don’t want to talk about it, because it is uncomfortable. They would rather ignore that it is actually happening, but we can’t ignore it. Mr. Speaker, we have an obligation in this body to ensure that we provide protection and care for those who cannot, for the most vulnerable among us. Mr. Speaker, it is a moral obligation to ensure the protection of every baby born alive. 
I am proud to be here today on behalf of the rule, Mr. Speaker, and I urge adoption of both the rule and the underlying bill, H.R. 4712, so we can continue to do what is right, what is morally required of us, and that is to protect and nurture and make sure we have provided safeguards for the unborn and for those who are born alive after abortion. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 694 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4820) to extend funding for certain public health programs, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 4820. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 98. Concurrent resolution directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a correction in the enrollment of the bill S. 139. 
The message also announced that the Senate agrees to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 139) ‘‘An Act to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to inform decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes.’’. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 195, FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017; WAIVING REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 696 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 696 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 195) to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11555. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. SEC. 2. The requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a twothirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of January 20, 2018. SEC. 3. It shall be in order at any time through the legislative day of January 20, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the Rules Committee met and ordered a rule for consideration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 195, the Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act of 2018. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, the appropriations package in front of us represents the fourth continuing resolution to fund the government for the fiscal year 2018. In bringing up this bill, the House is fulfilling its primary obligation to the American people: to fund the government and keep the government open and operating. With the package under consideration today, Congress will fund the government through February 16, 2018. We will provide crucial dollars to keep the government functioning, to support our troops and the military, and to ensure we are all working for the American people. We will provide time to negotiate a larger agreement on funding the government for the remainder of the fiscal year, as well as a badly needed immigration reform measure. In addition to funding the government, this bill also includes several other important provisions. Most notably, it reauthorizes the Children’s Health Insurance Program—or CHIP, as it is popularly known—for 6 years. It also implements critical delays in certain taxes imposed by the Affordable Care Act, including a 2year delay for the medical device tax, a 2year delay for the socalled Cadillac tax on health insurance plans, and a 1year delay on the health insurance tax. As a supporter of repealing and replacing the entire Affordable Care Act, I am gratified to see this delay in imposing these harmful taxes on the American people. Finally, I am also pleased that this bill provides additional funding for ballistic missile defense, which is of crucial importance when dealing with rogue states like North Korea. Mr. Speaker, in 2017, Congress actually got a great deal done. The House and the Senate have worked with President Trump to do more to deregulate the economy and free small businesses from harmful regulations than any previous Congress. The Senate has been productive in overhauling the judicial branch, confirming a new Supreme Court Justice and 12 judges for the courts of appeals. The House and the Senate have approved and passed into law a new National Defense Authorization Act, which will provide new tools to rebuild and strengthen our military in the face of global threats. We have passed two supplemental appropriations bills to deal with the damage caused by multiple disasters across the country, and I am confident we will pass a third in the days ahead. Above all, the crown jewel in this first year of the 115th Congress has been the passage of major tax reform legislation, which will boost the economy, reduce the tax burden on workers, support working families, and simplify and modernize our burdensome Tax Code. I am particularly pleased this bill included the repeal of the ObamaCare individual mandate. The place where Congress has not gotten its job done is in the appropriations process. This is not the fault of the House of Representatives. Under the leadership of Chairman BLACK , the House wrote and passed a budget for FY18—fiscal year ’18—in April. Through the efforts of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and the other members of the Appropriations Committee, the House wrote and passed all 12 appropriations bills prior to the start of the fiscal year. However, our friends in the Senate have failed to act. We have been waiting for over 120 days—4 months—for the Senate to either act on our bills or write their own and send us passed appropriations legislation to consider. The Senate has not done so. Given their failure to act, we need yet another additional shortterm CR to ensure the government remains open. b1345 It is my hope, in the interim, that the leaders of the two Chambers and the President will be able to come together to determine what our spending top lines will be for the fiscal year 2018. Once that happens, all the interested parties can meet to put together a bipartisan and bicameral fullyear spending bill. If the leadership of both Chambers come to an agreement, I am confident that the appropriators can produce bills to fund the government in fiscal year 2018 and begin the important task of producing a budget for fiscal year 2019. Let me be crystal clear about the consequences of voting against the underlying legislation: A vote against the underlying legislation is a vote against reauthorizing the Children’s Health Insurance Program. A vote against the underlying legislation is a vote to tax the health insurance plans of millions of Americans. A vote against the underlying legislation is a vote to tax the medical devices that millions of Americans rely on. A vote against the underlying legislation is a vote against badly needed funds to protect America against missile attacks from rogue states like North Korea. And a vote against the underlying legislation is a vote to shut down the government of the United States. I hope every Member on both sides of the aisle understands these consequences and votes accordingly. Mr. Speaker, today’s CR accomplishes several important tasks and keeps our government open and operating. But there is still more work to be done. In the words of Winston Churchill: ‘‘Give us the tools, and we will finish the job.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary time. Mr. Speaker, the Chamber finds itself in much the same position it was in on September 8, December 7, and December 21. Those were the other three continuing resolutions that we passed to try to get through here, but we are rushing again with one of the majority’s shortterm continuing resolutions with days to spare—actually, tomorrow—one day to spare until the great Government of the United States closes for business. Now, you might think that would be the most important thing on the minds of the majority and of the United States Government, but it isn’t because we are not going to get to vote on this tonight until 7 p.m.—and all the people in the country who are holding their breath to see whether they are going to be laid off, the Federal workers, and all the other things that go with that devastating thing. Let me remind you that the last time the government had a shutdown, $24 billion was lost to the economy, a lot of it to laidoff workers, and also the fact that large numbers of facilities owned by the government have stores and newspaper stands in them that were also closed. But, no, we are not in any hurry today. Nobody is concerned about it, and the President of the United States and several Members of the House have gone to a political rally in Pennsylvania. They are trying to save a congressional seat there of a person who was forced to step down. That, obviously, is of more importance to them than whether or not this government continues to function. That is a tragedy, Mr. Speaker, but that is what we have been putting up with for a long time. I don’t recall a time we have had four continuing resolutions in probably a month and a half, but here we are, and I bet you that we will come back in February and do yet another one. Now, my colleagues who have gone to Pennsylvania could have gone next week—because we are taking another week off back to the district next week—and not caused this great hubbub today, which is one of the most important days in the life of the Nation as to whether we are going to continue to be the Government of the United States. It is tragic, isn’t it? I remember I was on the floor the last time it shut down, and at midnight I had said: The government of the United States is now closed. I would 
hate to be up here to have to say something like that again. I don’t know what else to call it except incompetence. That certainly comes as close to the definition as I can make. But this latest proposal that we will not vote on until after 7 p.m.—and I understand that will inconvenience some people, but I do hope that other people will be able to stand the suspense. This is the fourth continuing resolution since the end of the fiscal year in September, and it will run, as I said before, through February 16, where I bet you we do another one. If past is prologue, we probably will find ourselves back because what we do in this House now is be a standby person while the majority goes from one selfimposed crisis to the next. And much like the proposals before it, this continuing resolution is not the product of bipartisan negotiations. It was written solely by the majority without a single Democratic fingerprint anywhere on the bill. America, pay heed to that. If this government should shut down, this problem is solely that of the Republican Party. We were not asked for our input when it was written in the back room, but since its public release hours ago, the majority has being asking for our support and saying what a shame it is, what a shame that we who don’t even believe in this particular thing are not out there beating the drum for it. But that is not how it works. The majority cannot craft this bill solely by itself and fail to address the matters that we agree we need to take action on and then criticize us for not supporting this partisan proposal. We had an idea we would come to this point for some time, and I think everybody will agree with me, certainly on my side, and I suspect on both, that our leader, the minority leader, Nancy Peolsi, certainly made herself clear all the way through as to what it would take to get the votes of the Democrats in the House. But there was no consideration given to that, and yet they are asking us for votes. This stopgap measure continues to just chip away at the Affordable Care Act—and I know my colleague said he was happy about that—by targeting some key funding mechanisms under the law. I suppose I probably did the rule on at least the vast majority of all the times repeal and replace was the fashion here, and I have always asked every single time: Why does the Republican Party want to take healthcare away from people? I have never gotten an answer to that, but I am totally convinced, after all this time, that that is exactly what they want to do. Since the majority waived the rules requiring the provisions to be paid for for the healthcare act, it is actually a massive tax cut for the health insurance industry. It comes on the heels of the majority’s tax cut for the wealthy and corporations, which represents the largest transfer of wealth from working families to the wealthy that our Nation has ever seen. It is a bill that made tax cuts for corporations permanent. Now, the continuing resolution before us today includes a temporary reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which provides healthcare for 9 million of America’s children. That was only to be for 6 years. But, as you heard already from a previous speaker this morning, had it been made permanent, it would save over $6 billion. I fail to understand the economic benefits of what they are doing here. Mr. Speaker, why is the majority giving permanent tax cuts to corporations but it won’t even give permanency to children in need of healthcare? The majority believes that a temporary reprieve on CHIP will force us to vote for this misguided plan. But what about the community health centers? What about improving healthcare for veterans? The continuing resolution turns a blind eye to victims in desperate need of help in the wake of some of the worst hurricanes, mudslides, and wildfires our Nation has ever experienced and to 700,000 DREAMers who remain at risk of being deported following President Trump’s decision to end DACA. Remember what DACA was about. We asked young people who had been brought to the United States by their parents at a very young age to come out and to register and say that they were undocumented and that we would protect them as a way to citizenship. But instead, that was taken away from them, and they face deportation and are being deported daily—and it is an emergency. But it also fails to take any action, this particular CR does, on bipartisan priorities like the pension crisis, veterans healthcare, and, as I said, the community health centers. What has the majority prioritized instead of crafting a longterm spending bill that deals with these urgent issues? Ideological crusades like undermining financial reform laws and attacking women’s health. We had a wonderful debate just before this bill came on the floor of a thing called BornAlive. We passed a bill I think unanimously, and I think it was done by voice vote, in 2002, that any infant born in an abortion setting would be given every care in the world, and, in fact, we didn’t even need that bill. That is a given. At the same time, though, that we are debating that on the floor today, that is to do every medical thing possible, the administration announced that, if a provider—a nurse, a doctor, or anybody in a medical setting, and they don’t have to give any reason for this—if they personally or for some other reason, morality reason, decide they do not want to treat a patient before them, they don’t have to. Think about that a minute. Well, you know what I am trying to say here. It is more than ironic. It is stupid. But we sort of get used to that. A separate bill on the floor today, H.R. 2954, would weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a thing hated by this Congress, their ability to respond to the problematic trends in the mortgage market. So here we go again. The CFPB has already saved over $12 billion for consumers. Another measure that will be considered this week, H.R. 4712—that was the one I mentioned a minute ago—tries to shame and scare doctors out of providing constitutionally protected abortion services. The bill this morning gives doctors and medical professionals up to 5 years in prison just for practicing medicine to the best of their ability. And all the while, the majority has been ignoring the elephant in the room and we march toward another government shutdown, and the American people and the world are once again forced to wonder whether the greatest superpower on this planet can keep the lights on. Surely, this is no way to run the Government of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my good friend refers to the drama of the moment. Frankly, there wouldn’t be any drama if Democrats would simply vote to keep the government open while good faith negotiations are going on on the very topics they are most concerned about. They are concerned about the immigration issue; there is a negotiation under way. They are concerned about the appropriate balance between military and nonmilitary spending in the budget; there is a negotiation that is under way. Now, I suspect this effort to threaten a government shutdown in order to achieve policy aims that are unrelated to the funding and operation of the government will not succeed in this House. Here, we have a simple majority. But to my friend’s point, and to be fair, that is not the case in the United States Senate. There, Democratic votes will be needed to keep the government open. Now, this House’s responsibility is to do everything we can to keep the government functioning. In addition to that, there are important policy objectives in here that my friends, I think, either agree with or have even been demanding. The reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program is something both sides agree on. Actually, the 6year extension is a year beyond what the Democrats asked for when the legislation was originally considered last fall. That is something I know they agree with, and I would hope they would vote for it. A couple of the unattractive parts of the Affordable Care Act, which even 
my opponents who supported it en masse agree with: It is not very smart to tax the health insurance plans of American workers. We have got a delay of that for 2 years. They also agree it is not wise to tax medical devices. Again, we have a measure in here that would delay that for 2 years. They also, I know, believe that we ought to protect the American people against missile attacks from rogue states. There is a request from the Pentagon in here, again, that is fully funded. b1400 There is absolutely nothing in this bill that my friends on the other side object to. There are many things that they support. Now, they are perfectly free to say, well, I would like this, and this, and this, and this added. But there is nothing in here to vote against. If you want to raise the other issues, I suspect we can work out an agreement. And I suspect those issues are being negotiated, literally, right now in budget discussions and budget talks. So that is the appropriate place to deal with them. But, again, there is no reason to shut down the government or threaten a shutdown unless you are trying to force some unrelated policy objective. In this case, the immigration issue that my friend refers to, actually things extend into March. There are talks underway there. I don’t see how shutting down the government moves us toward that solution. The same thing is true with the other functions of government. So I would say we have a very reasonable prospect or proposal on the table here. I suspect that we will achieve the majority in this Chamber. Then we will go to the United States Senate, and we will see whether Democrats there really do want to shut down the government, as opposed to pass a number of items that they agree with: keep the government running and keep negotiations going. That is the responsible thing to do. That is what I think this House will do. That is what I hope Members on both sides of the aisle choose to do, both when they vote here and later when they take this matter up for consideration in the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. For months, the majority has been holding the healthcare of 9 million children and more than 9 million individuals, including seniors, pregnant women, and veterans, hostage while they pass the tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires. Well, the time is up, and with each day we fail to act, our constituents face uncertain futures. This is wrong. Mr. Speaker, even President Trump agrees we need to act on CHIP. Just this morning, he tweeted: ‘‘CHIP should be part of a longterm solution, not a 30day or a shortterm extension.’’ Well, here is our chance to stop playing politics, except we can’t do it until 7 o’clock this evening because the President and so many Members of the House are in Pennsylvania at a political rally. I guess this wasn’t as important as we thought it was. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative MCEACHIN ’s bill, H.R. 4820, the Advancing Seniors and Kids Act. This bill would restore certainty and stability to so many of our most vulnerable citizens by responsibly addressing critical healthcare priorities. It permanently reauthorizes CHIP, saving us $6 billion. It reauthorizes the community health centers for 2 years and includes other vital healthcare programs that provide relief to pregnant women, seniors, and so many more. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), the assistant minority leader, to discuss our proposal. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. The responsibility to govern rests squarely on their shoulders. Democrats stand ready to keep government open, but neither Speaker RYAN nor Leader MCCONNELL seem interested in finding bipartisan solutions. Maybe they are adhering to President Trump’s admonition that we need a ‘‘good government shutdown.’’ House Democrats wholeheartedly disagree. We ought to work together in a bipartisan way to help our veterans, to fight the opioid epidemic, to protect millions of workers’ pensions, and to help the DREAMers. Today’s CR is the fourth kick of the can. Once again, Republicans are engaging in legislative sleight of hand, shamefully using low income children as political pawns. The Children’s Health Insurance Program provides health insurance for 9 million lowincome children. Every Democratic Member of this body supports it. Republicans allowed it to expire more than 4 months ago and have refused to bring it up on its own until they can get something in return. That is wrong. What good is health insurance if you have nowhere to go when your child is sick? Republicans leave community health centers and disproportionate share hospitals out of their temporary authorization. Mr. Speaker, we could save $6 billion if we permanently authorize CHIP. We should fund community health centers and protect disproportionate share hospitals for 2 years. We should permanently repeal the cap on therapy services for seniors in Medicare. We should fund the highly successful home visiting program for 5 years. And we could do all of this by passing Representative Donald McEachin’s Advancing Seniors and Kids Act. I urge my Republican colleagues to stop playing games with the children’s health. Reject this grotesque political calculation, and let’s work in a bipartisan way to keep government open. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let’s be crystal clear on something. The House of Representatives never held up CHIP. It actually passed it in October. We are still waiting for Democrats in the Senate to work with Republicans in the Senate and send us something back. In the meantime, in this bill, my friend said they want to reauthorize CHIP. We reauthorized it for 6 years. There is nothing in it they object to. They believe in the program. I believe in the program. It has had bipartisan support. When we passed it, it got almost every Republican vote, a couple of dozen Democratic votes. We actually made the bill better in the process, so if you want to fix CHIP, you just simply need to vote for this bill. And my friends, frankly, we wouldn’t be racing Members back here, or the President of the United States, if my friends weren’t threatening to block vote against funding the government while negotiations are underway. What advantage do you have in shutting down the government of the United States, which is precisely what my friends are threatening to do? I think they will not succeed here but actually have the ability to do it in the United States Senate, should they choose to do it under the rules of that body. While negotiations are going on, if you think shutting down the government is a good idea, I beg to differ. If you are using it as a negotiating tactic, then you ought to be ashamed, because that is no way to treat the American people. We are operating in good faith. There is not an item in this bill that offends any Democrat. Nobody I know is against CHIP. We just heard that. Nobody I know is against delaying the Cadillac tax or the medical device tax in ObamaCare—two parts of that bill that even my friends who supported it tend to disagree with. I know my friends are not opposed to providing ballistic missile defense for the United States of America. I know my friends surely don’t want to handicap the American military at a dangerous time by a government shutdown. There is nothing in here that could possibly be offensive to them. 
And there are negotiations underway on the very items they are most concerned about: immigration and the appropriate balance in funding level. Shutting down the government while those negotiations are underway isn’t going to help us get DACA reform, isn’t going to help us actually get a budget that we can operate on. It will actually just simply switch attention away from those and create a crisis, which I assume my friends think will work, somehow, to their political benefit. I don’t think that is true, and I speak from some experience here. I argued against it, but I watched my own side do something like this when it came to defunding ObamaCare. It was not successful. It was not the appropriate way to proceed, and there was a pretty harsh verdict by the American people. I suggest my friends are running the same risk today. Now, they have every right to do this. I never question any Member’s right to vote how they think is appropriate, but, in this case, in this body, I think we have the votes to make sure that they don’t shut down the government as they have threatened to do. In the United States Senate, that is going to be up to them. Frankly, if Democratic Senators want to shut down the government to achieve some policy objective, that is their choice. But I think it will be crystal clear at the end of the day who actually closed down the government for some unrelated policy aim that was actually under negotiation at the time. So I would, again, just urge my friends to benefit from our experience and sit down and keep negotiating while we keep the government open. I think if we do that, we will arrive at a constructive solution for the American people. I think if we don’t, it is going to be a political crisis that was unprovoked and unnecessary. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, my good friend from Oklahoma—and he is a good friend. We have seen each other often in the Rules Committee—protests too much. This is not a bill, and the American people should know that it is not a bill. It is an affirmation of the inability of Republicans to govern. Republicans have the Presidency, the Senate, and the House. A few months ago, their President indicated that we need a good, beautiful government shutdown. Those are not my words. Those are the words of the President of the United States. This is not an appropriations bill. This is a stopgap emergency method in order to save ourselves from collapse. That is the Republican’s responsibility. Democrats, so many months ago, passed a budget, as a member of the Budget Committee, a budget that respected the needs of all Americans, including the United States Department of Defense. It provided funding for ordinary men and women who put on the uniform, some of them on food stamps. It provided for veterans health. It provided for the children’s health insurance. It provided for infrastructure, and it provided for ensuring that Americans could have good healthcare. That was the Democrat’s budget. The Republican budget was a $2.4 trillion, and counting, cut to the needs of the American people. It threatened Medicaid and Medicare, quite contrary to Democrats. Now, we find ourselves in the midst of those in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands who barely got lights or power during the holiday season or thereafter. It is dealing with Texans who have no power in their homes, living in shells. They have no heat. They are waiting on disaster supplemental relief that is not coming. And, of course, what about CHIP? I represent the Texas Children’s Hospital with my colleagues. My district surrounds that area. I have been to that hospital. I have seen what the Children’s Health Insurance Program means to saving lives. What does that mean? Six years, that is nebulous. What about permanent? What about passing Mr. MCEACHIN ’s bill on working with seniors and children? That is serious. And I don’t know what my friends heard, but earlier this morning, I heard the President say: Snatch CHIP out of it. They want to be in negotiation. I just want to be mean. And you know how you are being mean? You are not here seriously dealing with this. You are going off on a rally so that you can support the man that is running in the Pennsylvania suburbs who loves the President. That is not democracy. Whoever is running, let them run. Right now, in here, we need some help and we need to work on these issues for the 700,000 nearAmericans. They are DREAMers, but they serve in the military. They are in medical school. They are Ph.D.s. They are teachers, and we have them suffering. Some of them have committed suicide because of the ugliness of this body controlled by Republicans in the House and the Senate. Finally, let me say that any President who can call something an shole is not a serious negotiator. I believe it is the Republicans’ responsibility to put a bill on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the Rule, which makes in order legislation extending the Continuing Resolution now in effect for another month, or until February 16, 2018. This resolution is yet another shortterm Continuing Resolution (CR) to extend government funding for a few weeks, this time until February 16th. This is the fourth time House Republicans have chosen to kick the can down the road rather than work with Democrats to come to a necessary bipartisan agreement to lift the Budget Control Act (BCA) spending caps, giving appropriators the direction they need for fullyear funding bills. The reason given for passing each of the prior Continuing Resolutions was that the extra time was needed to reach a comprehensive agreement to fund government operations in a fair and balanced way. Yet, even with the extra time, House Republicans made no progress during any of the previous extensions. Mr. Speaker, I cannot support a rule that does not make in order legislation that provides full funding for disaster recovery, extends additional health access for veterans, provides funding to combat the opioid epidemic, and protects pensions. Most important, it is outrageous that House Republicans would bring to the floor and request support for a fourth CR extension that does not address and resolve the crisis the Republican Administration has inflicted on 800,0oo Dreamers and their families, including 124,000 Dreamers in my home state of Texas. Instead of acting responsibly to address these issues and fund the government for the remainder of the fiscal year, House Republicans continue wasting time. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us includes a six year reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which provides health coverage to nine million children, and which Republicans allowed to lapse on September 30, 2017. In contrast, making CHIP permanent would not only provide longterm stability for families, providers, and states, it would save $6 billion according to the Congressional Budget Office. Republicans are only just now getting around to reauthorizing the program because they wasted months on efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and enact unpaid for tax cuts for the wealthy. This resolution includes additional tax cuts totaling over $26 billion, including a two year delay of the medical device and Cadillac taxes, and a one year delay of the health insurance tax. At the same time, the resolution fails to address numerous other expired and expiring health priorities, from funding for community health centers to waiving caps on therapy services for seniors on Medicare, to preventing cuts to safety net hospitals. Mr. Speaker, despite controlling the House, Senate, and the White House, Republicans have not funded the government for the entire year, even though we are already four months into the fiscal year. Because Republicans refuse to work with Democrats and compromise on how to provide relief from the BCA’s sequester level spending caps, they are lurching from CR to CR—degrading the readiness of our military and preventing government agencies from properly serving the American people. This is not a responsible way to govern. Therefore, I cannot support the Rule or the underlying bill. Instead, Republicans need to work across the aisle with Democrats and get our work done—including upholding the longstanding precedent of agreeing to parity when providing relief from sequester caps. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman from Texas has expired. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized. The gentlewoman from Texas is not recognized. Ms. JACKSON LEE. * * * The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Just to be clear with my good friend from Texas, Democrats didn’t pass a budget. They proposed a budget. That is fair enough, but they never passed a budget in this House. There was a budget that was passed by the Republican majority. It is interesting, that budget actually came into balance within 10 years. Our friends on the other side never presented a budget that came into balance from any of their various groups. Frankly, the last administration never presented a budget that ever came into balance. So it is hard to talk about a budget that never comes into balance as if it is a responsible document. It is clearly not. In terms of my friend’s concern about CHIP, it is an appropriate concern. The answer is right in front of her. Simply vote for this bill. You got a 6year authorization that was longer than my friends originally asked for in the negotiations that were last fall. b1415 This House has actually, again, met all of its obligations. My friends’ counterparts in the other body, frankly, have used their votes under the rules of that body to sabotage any appropriations process whatsoever. It requires 60 votes in the United States Senate. Unfortunately, we only have 51. So if Democrats won’t sit down and negotiate, nothing much gets done over there. That is why we are here today. Frankly, we are here to make sure the government doesn’t shut down. Now, again, my friends have every right to vote to shut down the government. If they vote ‘‘no’’ on this measure, that is exactly what they are doing. They are voting to shut down the government. They are voting not to reauthorize CHIP. They are voting to tax the American people by putting taxes on their healthcare plans and putting taxes on medical devices. They are missing the opportunity to help us with missile defense in a very dangerous era. And they are throwing away the time while negotiations on the topics they are concerned about are underway—negotiations on the budget and negotiations on DACA. So why my friends want to do this at this particular point is beyond me. But I would suggest it is not likely to work. It is likely to backfire. If we end up in a government shutdown—something I would very much advise against—I think my friends, all of whom will have voted to shut down the government, will bear the responsibility. I think the American people will understand. Now, again, I don’t think my friends will succeed in this House, but they may well in the upper Chamber because, up there, they do have the votes under the rules of that body to shut down the government. I would urge them not to do that and to keep the government operational, to take these victories—and they are victories where we agree—and keep negotiating on the issues that most concern us. I think that is the appropriate way to proceed, and I would urge my friends to adopt that course. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding and, once again, for her tremendous leadership on so many issues as our ranking member. Now, I serve as a member of the Appropriations and the Budget Committees, and I rise in strong opposition to this rule and the continuing resolution. I just want to make one comment before I start my statement with regard to what was just said about Democrats shutting down the government. First of all, there is no way that Democrats are voting to shut down the government, given the fact that the Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. The numbers just aren’t there for Democrats to do this. So I hope that people on the other side—Republicans and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle— will be honest about that because there is no way, given the numbers and given the composition of the House, the Senate, and the White House, that Democrats can do that. This bill kicks the can down the road for the fourth time, mind you, since October. Republicans control, again, as I said, the three bodies: the House, the Senate, White House. The least they could do is honor the basic responsibility of being in the majority, and that is to keep the government open. Sadly, they continue to drive this country to the brink of one avoidable, selfinflicted crisis after another. This shortterm resolution ignores— ignores—urgent bipartisan priorities that Democrats have been pushing for months with Republicans, the most urgent of which is passing a clean Dream Act. DACA recipients are American in every way except on paper, and right now, their lives are hanging in the balance. Every day Congress fails to take action, 122 DACA recipients lose their protections. It is time to put politics aside and pass a clean Dream Act immediately. Mr. Speaker, this continuing resolution is really irresponsible and it is morally bankrupt. It fails to honor the temporary protected status for immigrants. It fails to raise budget caps equally for defense and nondefense spending. It fails to fund community health centers. It neglects to provide desperately needed funding for hurricane and wildfireimpacted communities, the opioid epidemic, community health centers, and our veterans. This bill underscores the majority’s complete lack of regard for everyday Americans and struggling families. Continuing resolutions leave the American people out on a limb with no confidence, mind you, in their Federal Government. This resolution makes it clear that is just what Republicans want to do. The American people sent us to Congress to govern in their best interest. Unfortunately, this CR is just the opposite. It is completely irresponsible. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, this CR does nothing—nothing—to help create jobs, better wages, and ultimately a better future for our children and our families. It is really clear to me that the delay on this bill is because some House Republicans are in Pennsylvania. I was shocked when I learned this. They are in Pennsylvania with the President at a political rally. What is that about? They should be here in Washington, D.C., to do their job. Shame on them. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this rule and the bill. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a press release from—my friends may have missed this—the Children’s Hospital Association. 
[Press Release, Jan. 18, 2018] CHILDREN ’SHOSPITALS TO CONGRESS : KIDS CAN’TWAIT, FUNDCHIP N OW WASHINGTON , DC.— The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) is vital to millions of children and families. These families have been living with uncertainty since funding for CHIP expired at the end of September. States are exhausting all available program funds and have announced plans to freeze enrollment and, in some cases, end their programs altogether. Kids can’t wait any longer. Congress has a chance to pass a longterm extension of CHIP that will provide security for millions of kids. The continuing resolution being considered by Congress includes a sixyear extension of CHIP. Children’s hospitals support a longterm extension of CHIP and urge Congress to take this opportunity to pass CHIP this week. The time is now to extend funding for this lifeline millions of children and their families count on every day. About the Children’s Hospital Association—the Children’s Hospital Association is the national voice of more than 220 children’s hospitals, advancing child health through innovation in the quality, cost and delivery of care. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, the Children’s Hospital Association has actually urged that this bill be adopted. They have urged that we, for 6 years, ensure the funding. They would like my friends—who I know believe in the program—to actually vote for the measure in front of them. Now, we have heard a number of things about kicking the can down the road. I confess, keeping the government open while negotiations are in progress is something we are trying to do. 
But I also point out this is not simply a normal CR. It settles the Children’s Health Insurance Program for the next 6 years and appropriately funds it. It delays tax increases, which my friends also oppose, although they voted for them in ObamaCare on people’s health insurance programs and on medical devices. It provides badly needed dollars for missile defense in an era of crisis with an irresponsible state. It doesn’t have anything in it that offends my friends in any way. There is nothing in this bill they are against. If they are, I would like to know. Is it CHIP that my friends are against? Is it delaying the Cadillac tax that my friends are against? Is it, frankly, delaying the medical device tax increase that my friends are against? Is it putting more money in ballistic missile defense that my friends are against? Or is it just continuing the government’s operations that my friends are against while negotiations are underway? I am not sure which one my friends are for, but it suggests to me if there is nothing in here they are against, then they ought to be voting for the bill. Finally, to my friend’s point—and there is more to this than their comments would suggest—to suggest that we simply can control the universe around here isn’t true. We don’t write the Senate rules. I wish we did. They would probably look a lot different and we probably would have less of a problem. But my friends have not been able to shut down the government here, although they tried to in December. I don’t think they will be able to shut down the government, although they will try to again today. But in the United States Senate, the Democrats will decide whether or not the government continues to operate; whether or not CHIP is reauthorized for 6 years, as the Children’s Hospital Association urges; whether or not millions of American families are spared from a tax increase simply because they fought and worked for a decent insurance plan; whether or not millions of Americans who depend on medical devices for their survival have to pay more for them; and whether or not we have a higher level of certainty that we can defend ourselves against an unprovoked and dangerous attack that might occur at any moment. That will be a decision for Democrats in the Senate to make as long as we vote here to move this legislation forward. I think we will, and I would invite my friends to join us in that. There is nothing in here that offends my friends. There are many things that my friends like, and there are negotiations underway on the things that are my friends’ concerns. I would suspect that is the course that we ought to take, and I would urge my friends to reconsider and adopt that course. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he is prepared to close? I have no further speakers. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am certainly prepared to close whenever my good friend is. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, my good friend, Mr. COLE, seems almost to be desperate to have us vote for this continuing resolution, which says to me that the majority doesn’t have enough votes to pass it. Somehow by saying that because the Democrats will not support this farce, then we are going to be responsible for it. But, frankly, my good friends are three for three on government shutdowns just since I have been a Member of Congress. Nobody is going to believe that, with all the excess numbers of votes here—I think you have 23 more Members have than we have got—we are at fault. But, anyway, let’s get to the business here. Instead of treating this like the serious issue that it is, the President is treating it like another reality show. He has suggested that Democrats would certainly be blamed for the majority’s inability to keep the government running. But he is wrong about that, too. Just this week, a poll from Hart Research Associates found that the public would blame the majority by a doubledigit margin. That gap grows wider when you look specifically at independent Americans. History shows this to be true. When the majority shut down the government over the Affordable Care Act in 2013, a majority of the public placed the blame on them, not President Obama. We saw similar results when former Speaker Gingrich engineered shutdowns in both 1995 and 1996 because he thought the seat given to him on Air Force One did not fit his stature. The American people then blamed the Republican congressional majority, not President Bill Clinton. That is because facts matter, and the fact here is that the majority chose a partisan approach that threatens our ability to keep the government functioning. But this discussion should not be centered on blame. It is about whether the Republican majority can even govern. Holding the White House, the Senate, and the House comes with great responsibilities, and, obviously, the most basic one—and we all understand this—to start with is keeping the Government of the United States running. Yet we are confronted all the time with this problem: Are we going to be able to pay the bills and keep things going? That is so humiliating for America. There is no other word for it. But this majority, as pointed out before, just lurches from crisis to crisis to crisis, and they lurch around from one deadline to the next without any plan. All the time, all you need to do is ask to let us work together, let Democrats in on your backroom plans. We never get to see that. We are never consulted and never a part of any plan. Let me remind everyone watching that the last Republican shutdown in 2013 cost the economy an estimated $24 billion. Federal loans to small businesses, homeowners, and families were halted, and numbers of great Federal employees were furloughed. Federal permitting was stopped. Hundreds of patients at the National Institutes of Health were unable to enroll in possible lifesaving clinical trials. Federal scientific research was also put on hold. We had five Nobel Prizewinning scientists working for the Federal Government at that time, and four of them were furloughed. The majority apparently thinks it has the votes to go it alone on this bill, but I don’t think so anymore. We thought so when I wrote this. But they think we are going to prevent a repeat of all that carnage. It is a shame that they squandered a chance to work with us to craft a bipartisan bill. Frankly, I think it is tragedy, and I think it is no way to run the government. Without question, we could have kept the government running while addressing the priorities that Members of both parties agree on, like we used to. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question, the rule, and the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to, as always, thank my good friend. We disagree on this, but there is nobody that I enjoy serving with on the Rules Committee more than my good friend, the ranking member. She is a wise and able legislator. There are a couple of things she said I am going to agree with. She did say that facts matter. I actually agree with that. Facts do matter here, and the fact of the matter is anyone who votes ‘‘no’’ on this resolution is voting to shut down the government. Anyone— Republican or Democrat—who votes ‘‘no’’ has said: I am not willing to keep the government open while negotiations are underway. Anyone who votes ‘‘no’’ is voting against a 6year extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program that we all agree on to say is critical. Anyone who votes ‘‘no’’ is absolutely guaranteed a tax increase or will be voting for a tax increase on American workers who happen to have a fairly decent insurance program. Anybody who votes ‘‘no’’ is going to raise taxes on Americans who are ill enough to require medical devices. Anyone who votes ‘‘no’’ is going to make sure we don’t have the resources we need to protect this country in a time of international crisis against a potential rogue missile attack. b1430 Anyone who votes ‘‘no,’’ to begin where I started, is voting to shut down 
the government. It is that simple. My friends did that in December because they thought, ‘‘Well, they can’t do it without us,’’ but we did. I suspect we will be able to do that again. But I regret that anyone would vote ‘‘no’’ on those kinds of votes because I think they will come back to haunt them. My friend also—and I think this may actually be the key to the issue— quoted polling data that said the Republicans are going to get the blame anyway. That may be true. I don’t doubt the accuracy of my friend’s numbers, but I suspect that, once they watch the process, the American people are pretty smart and they will understand a ‘‘no’’ vote is a vote to shut down the government. Now, if my friends are gambling that Republicans will get the blame for this because they have done this in the past, I think they are running a terrible risk with their own credibility. In this body, we will succeed. I don’t serve in the United States Senate, never served in the United States Senate, never worked for anybody who served in the Senate. They have rules that will allow the Democrats to shut down the government if they choose to do it. I don’t think they will. But if they do, I think they will regret it. Certainly, many on my side regret some of the decisions they made in the last crisis of this kind. I hope we do the responsible thing in this body and count on cooler heads in the United States Senate to do the same thing. I also would point out that in this bill that my friends are going to vote ‘‘no’’ on—probably in overwhelming numbers, I am sad to say—there is nothing in it they disagree with. They don’t disagree with the CHIP reauthorization. They don’t disagree with delaying taxes in the Affordable Care Act. They don’t disagree with providing additional missile defense. They tell us they want to keep the government operating, particularly when there are negotiations underway on the matters that actually concern them. That strikes me as incredibly disingenuous, shortsighted, or both. So I urge my friends: Do what you must on the rule. The rule is the rule. That is always a partisan exercise, and I always respect my friends for voting ‘‘no’’ on a rule. But the underlying legislation is real: whether or not the government operates; whether or not we take care of these knotty problems where we happen to agree; whether or not we actually put the wellbeing of the country, in terms of its defense, above the media partisan interests. Those things are all areas that shouldn’t be tough votes. So I would hope my friends reconsider, come down and vote to keep the government running instead of shutting it down, come down and vote to keep taxes from being imposed on hardworking families through their health insurance plan or medical devices, come down and vote to make sure we have the strongest possible defense against any possible attack on our country, and come down and vote to keep the government open while negotiations are underway. I think the failure to do that is one that my friends will look back on with deep regret in the years ahead. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage all Members to support the rule. Today’s bill represents the next step toward fulfilling our primary obligation as Members of Congress: to fund the government. Although not perfect, the bill before us today will fund our government and keep it open and operating through February 16, 2018. We will also reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program for 6 years and achieve a delay in several harmful Obama taxes. While doing so, we bolster the defense of our country at a dangerous time. While I look forward to completing our work and passing a bipartisan, bicameral fullyear omnibus spending bill, for now, this legislation will keep the government open and operating and give us time to continue working toward a bipartisan agreement for the American people. I applaud my colleagues for their work. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 696 O FFERED BY  MS. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4820) to extend funding for certain public health programs, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 4820. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 694; and Adoption of House Resolution 694, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 229, nays 191, not voting 10, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barletta Cummings Kelly (PA) Kind Meehan Noem Rothfus Scalise Shuster Thompson (PA) 
b1458 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. GROTHMAN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 226, nays 194, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 28] YEAS—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barletta Cummings Kelly (PA) Kind Meehan Noem Rothfus Scalise Shuster Thompson (PA) 
b1506 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4712, BORNALIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 22, 2018, THROUGH JANUARY 26, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on ordering the previous question on the resolution (H. Res. 694) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4712) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion, and providing for proceedings during the period from January 22, 2018, through January 26, 2018, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 229, nays 190, not voting 11, as follows: [Roll No. 29] YEAS—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Barletta Beyer Cummings Kelly (PA) Kind Meehan Noem Rothfus Scalise Shuster Thompson (PA) 
b1514 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 29. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 228, nays 189, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Barletta Bonamici Cummings Gosar Kelly (PA) Kind Meehan Noem Norman Rothfus Scalise Shuster Thompson (PA) 
b1522 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall votes 27 through 30 because I was traveling to Pennsylvania with President Trump. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 27, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 28, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 29, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 30. 
HOME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ADJUSTMENT ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 693, I call up the bill (H.R. 2954) to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 693, the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 115– 518, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 2954 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS SUBJECT TO MAINTENANCE OF RECORDS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2803) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as paragraph (3) and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(i) EXEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) CLOSED END MORTGAGE LOANS .—With respect to a depository institution, the requirements of paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to closedend mortgage loans if the depository institution originated less than 500 closed end mortgage loans in each of the 2 preceding calendar years. ‘‘(2) OPENEND LINES OF CREDIT .—With re spect to a depository institution, the requirements of paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to openend lines of credit if the depository institution originated less than 500 openend lines of credit in each of the 2 preceding calendar years.’’. (b) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 304(i)(3) of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, as so redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘section 303(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 303(3)(A)’’. 
Notwithstanding section 4(i)(2)(B)(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(i)(2)(B)(i)), the amount deposited in the Securities and Exchange Commission Reserve Fund for fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $48,000,000. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to rise today in support of H.R. 2954, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act. H.R. 2954, which was introduced by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), a very hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee, is a very important piece of legislation 
that will provide muchneeded regulatory relief for our community banks and credit unions from onerous CFPB regulations that are impeding their ability to make home loans to our constituents. On January 1 of this year, draconian changes went into effect related to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act known as HMDA. These changes, which were mandated by DoddFrank and blindly implemented by the CFPB, radically expanded the information that lenders are required to collect, record, and report about mortgage applications and loans. But like many things the CFPB is involved in, the rule went far, far beyond what was originally intended by Congress, and effects have farreaching and negative consequences on community financial institutions and home buyers. To be more specific, the CFPB’s updated HMDA rule now requires financial institutions to collect 48—48— unique, different data fields on each mortgage loan they make. This is more than double—double—the number, Mr. Speaker, of data fields lenders were required to collect before the rule went into effect. Now, as if adding 25—two dozen— more data fields weren’t enough, the CFPB rule also modified 20 of the 23 existing fields in this constant, constant changing of the regulatory scheme to fit the narrative of regulators rather than focus on the cost and benefits to our constituents of existing statutes. b1530 Mr. Speaker, again, the constant changing of this regulatory scheme, the increased complexity and cost, we do not fully appreciate the impact on our community financial institutions, and we do not fully appreciate how this is impeding the success and growth of our community financial institutions in the communities we represent. You don’t have to take my word for it, Mr. Speaker. A community banker in Kansas has said that: ‘‘As crazy as it seems, our current HMDA process includes four people verifying HMDA data on each loan.’’ Mr. Speaker, that was before the changes we are discussing today. According to that same community banker, who is trying to fund homes in his local community, doubling the number of data fields, as required in the CFPB’s HMDA rule, ‘‘will almost be overwhelming for a bank such as ours.’’ As a community banker from Nebraska has stated: ‘‘All the new mortgage lending rules have made it almost impossible to provide timely service to our local customers.’’ So home buyers are feeling this effect, Mr. Speaker. As one community banker from Ohio explained, he was working with a woman who recently went through the tragedy of divorce. She was trying to refinance her home in order to make ends meet. But after filing mountains and mountains of paperwork and wading through all the different forms, she looked up at the banker and said: ‘‘Jim, just tell me it will be okay.’’ As Jim put it: ‘‘At that point, I realized just how overwhelming all the forms and disclosures were to a customer.’’ Sadly, we all have—the lawmakers, the regulators, and the bankers—forgotten the most important item in this entire process: the customer. This community banker is right, Mr. Speaker. Our local financial institutions, our community banks, our smallest financial institutions especially, they have to spend less time in resources meeting Washington’s complex, burdensome, onerous paperwork requirements. Instead, we need to give them more freedom to do what they do best, and that is to help people in their communities get into homes they can actually afford to keep. But doubling—doubling—HMDA data requirements needlessly—needlessly— makes home buying more expensive, more confusing, and more difficult for the very people that we should be trying to help. Home buyers like April from Kentucky wrote that the process to get a home: ‘‘Is almost impossible and extremely frustrating.’’ Or a home buyer from Michigan by the name of Rob, who explained: ‘‘The very people this was supposed to be helpful to, lower income working Americans, have been the parties most devastated by the overreach.’’ And that is exactly what this is, Mr. Speaker, overreach. And it is not only these individuals, but even charities— great charities like Habitat for Humanity, who said: ‘‘Thanks to the CFPB’s burdensome regulations and rules, charities such as Habitat that provide these loans have found it more difficult to do their important work.’’ H.R. 2954, from the gentleman from Minnesota, simply addresses the fact that in order to make home loans, small financial institutions should not and cannot afford to keep pace with the massive laws that disregard their businesses, their business models, and create an uneven playing field. Mr. Speaker, for this reason and for the others I have stated, I urge all colleagues to help struggling wouldbe home buyers in our districts and to support H.R. 2954. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2954, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act, which would undermine efforts to monitor trends in mortgage lending, combat discriminatory and predatory lending, and ensure that consumers who reside in low and moderateincome communities have fair access to mortgage credit. In 1975, Congress enacted the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, also known as HMDA, in response to concerns that despite their responsibility to provide adequate home financing to qualified applicants on reasonable terms and conditions, some lenders’ failure to do so had contributed to a decline in housing conditions in communities of color. HMDA data provide the only comprehensive picture of the rates at which American consumers’ requests for mortgages are approved and denied. As a result, it has many important uses. HMDA data provide information on mortgage lending patterns and trends that allow regulators, lenders, researchers, and the public to better understand and address redlining concerns by identifying possible discriminatory lending patterns, and monitoring compliance with and enforcement of statutes, like the Community Reinvestment Act; and Federal antidiscrimination laws, like the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act. Local governments also use HMDA data to determine which financial institutions are meeting the needs of their communities and should receive important benefits funded by the taxpayers of those communities. For example, in Antioch, California, the local government uses HMDA data when selecting banks for contracts and participation in local programs. HMDA data are also used by government officials to determine areas of disinvestment that are in need of targeted assistance. Take Flint, Michigan, for example. There, HMDA data has been used to target funds to remediate blight. Communities also use HMDA data to identify discriminatory lending patterns and enforce antidiscrimination statutes. HMDA data, for example, were used in Chicago to identify discrimination and lending patterns in its neighborhoods, leading to a large discriminatory lending settlement. It was precisely because of HMDA data that Congress learned during the runup to the financial crisis that African Americans were routinely steered into predatory subprime loans, even when they qualified for prime mortgages, and they received these loans at higher rates than White borrowers. Following the financial crisis, Congress updated HMDA when it passed the DoddFrank Act, directing the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to close information gaps about mortgage lending patterns and practices that contributed to the 2007–2008 financial crisis, as well as other data that could better identify discrimination. Accordingly, in 2015, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a rule that required sufficient information to shed light on predatory practices in the mortgage market, and it considered compliance costs and burdens imposed on institutions that collect, maintain, and report the data. Through this rule, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau added and 
implemented additional data fields that must be reported in order to further close information gaps about mortgage lending patterns and practices. The new data fields include basic loan facts, such as the address of the property, interest rate of the mortgage, and the borrower’s credit score. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rule only excluded truly small lenders; banks that originate fewer than 25 closedend loans, like mortgages; and 100 openend lines of credit, like home equity lines, because providing broader relief would negatively affect low and moderateincome communities. Specifically, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau wrote: ‘‘The loss of data in communities at closedend mortgage loan volume thresholds higher than 25 would substantially impede the public’s and public officials’ ability to understand access to credit in their communities.’’ Despite the harm posed to low and moderateincome communities around the country, H.R. 2954 would permanently raise the threshold for new HMDA data for both mortgage loan type data and lines of credit to 500 without a good understanding about the real impact of doing so. At this level, 85 percent or 5,400 depository institutions and 48 percent of nonbanks or 497 institutions would be exempt. That is 6,000 financial institutions that would no longer report important lending data. By prohibiting these important new data fields from being reported under HMDA, regulators would not be able to fully determine the extent of redlining, discrimination, and other harmful practices. This will make it harder for fair lending violations to be detected, as HMDA data are routinely used by the Department of Justice to identify and remedy discrimination in lending. These new data fields are essential for shedding light on the kinds of discrimination, like age, that now flies under the radar. It is not surprising that over 170 civil rights, fair housing, consumer and community organizations across the country have come out strongly against this bill. These groups have stated that: ‘‘The updated HMDA data will provide critical information about whether similarly situated borrowers in underserved communities are receiving equitable access to mortgage credit, data that we lacked a decade ago when the crisis hit.’’ Mr. Speaker, I recognize the need for Congress to consider tailored and sensible regulatory relief to community financial institutions, but this bill is not that relief. Financial institutions are already required to collect this data as part of existing mortgage regulations or as part of the mortgage underwriting process. Mr. Speaker, I cannot support H.R. 2954 because it undermines effective fair lending enforcement by reducing HMDA data. This bill will contribute to unequal access to affordable credit for people of color, low to moderate income families, and borrowers in rural areas. History has repeatedly shown us that when financial institutions are merely trusted to operate in good faith, American consumers are left vulnerable to discriminatory and predatory lending, communities are stripped of wealth, and our economy is weakened. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to reject this rollback of a key fair lending tool and to join me in opposing H.R. 2954. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), a very valuable member of our committee and the sponsor of the legislation. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, every citizen in our Nation desires the chance to achieve their American Dream. For thousands across this country, their American Dream consists of owning a home or starting their own business. Some laws have proven helpful in achieving this dream; others have created obstacles by codifying government overreach. In 1975, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act was enacted. This important law exposed and helped eliminate discriminatory lending practices, particularly against minorities. In short, this law helped more Americans realize their dream of owning a home. Over the years, however, the disclosures required by the law have expanded away from the original intent and have actually become an obstacle, preventing small, medium, and local lenders from helping aspiring landowners and business entrepreneurs. In 2015, the DoddFrankcreated agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB, demanded from lenders more than double the amount of data originally required under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. That doublethedata rule took effect on the 1st of this month. Larger lenders are able to adapt. In fact, most, if not all, continue to be in the home mortgage business today. But for smaller lenders, for the familyowned bank on Main Street, the doublethedata rule means making fewer mortgages or none at all. This unintended result is something each of us has heard over and over again in our home districts. Again, these are not the Wells Fargos, the Bank of Americas, or the J.P.Morgans. These are the small guys, the little guys on Main Street Minnesota and Main Streets all across this country. We all remember the financial crisis of 2008 and the devastation it brought to this Nation. Our economy suffered greatly. b1545 No one wants that again. Unfortunately, Congress reacted by demanding that small banks and credit unions, quite literally, pay for a crisis they didn’t cause. In the great State of Minnesota, the ‘‘Land of 10,000 Lakes,’’ I consistently hear from small banks and credit unions that want to do what they do best: help Minnesotans achieve the American Dream. Due to the increased cost of compliance with the CFPB’s doublethedata rule—an estimated additional $326 million—many small banks in Minnesota are reconsidering their ability to continue to make mortgages and other covered loans. In 2014, Minnesota credit unions were on the hook for $7.2 billion in compliance costs. That is before the double thedata rule. Not only are the additional HMDA compliance burdens ill suited and unnecessary for these institutions, the CFPB’s rule does very little to provide additional protection, all while potentially exposing consumers to potential identity theft or fraud. This information comes from those on the ground, the ones who are seeing this misguided rule in action. As a direct result of having fewer and fewer small, medium, and local lenders in the home mortgage business or offering capital for their neighbor’s small business to get off the ground, the CFPB’s rule has put the American Dream out of reach for thousands across the country. Mr. Speaker, today we have to rightsize government regulation to create more opportunity. We have the opportunity to encourage small and mediumsized financial institutions in our local communities to keep their doors open, to make mortgages again, to make loans to wouldbe entrepreneurs, in short, to fund the dreams of their neighbors and friends. We have an opportunity to expand, not the law, but rather, and instead, the number of Americans who can own a home or start their own business. I first introduced the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act when I came to Congress in 2015. It is a bill that would keep the original intent of the 1975 law. Nothing will overwrite or exempt any financial institution, big or small, from reporting data related to race and gender. It is a bill that will put a stop to the loss of small and mediumsized lenders by providing desperately needed regulatory relief for Main Street banks and credit unions. I am pleased to say it is a bill that has been perfected with the input from both sides of the aisle, present company excluded, and in both Chambers. Our goal today shouldn’t be to expand the law. Our goal today should be to expand the number of Americans who want to get one step closer to achieving their American Dream, whether it is owning a home or starting a business. Mr. Speaker, that is our goal, and today we can take a big step forward in reaching that goal. If my fellow colleagues share this goal, then I urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2954, and pass the 
Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Minnesota who described his district, he failed to mention that the ChinaAsia Economic Development Association and the Jewish Community Action group all oppose this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRIST), a member of the Committee on Financial Services. Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking Member WATERS for her steadfast leadership. While I have great respect for the gentleman from Minnesota, I rise in strong opposition to this bill before us today. I feel so lucky and fortunate to represent Florida’s 13th Congressional District which includes my hometown of St. Petersburg, ‘‘The Sunshine City.’’ It is a beautiful place to grow up, to visit, to live, to work, and to retire. It is also a place that still bears some scars of segregation. The Fair Housing Act was signed 50 years ago this spring. Why then are so many neighborhoods still segregated? Why are so many of our constituents still victimized by redlining and unequal access to credit? Fair housing data is a critical tool to right the wrongs of the past, to see how well banks are serving all of our communities. It helps root out the occasional bad apple and the occasional bad institution. This data is worth the effort. In a perfect world, we wouldn’t need laws to protect the vulnerable, or data to enforce those laws. But having fought and won discrimination suits on behalf of the people as Florida’s attorney general, I will tell you, this is not a perfect world. While I share my colleagues’ desire to make regulatory compliance less burdensome, let’s not make it easier on banks by making it harder for fair housing. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKE MEYER ), the chairman of our Financial Services’ Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his hard work on our committee and leadership as well. Mr. Speaker, I want to start by thanking the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for sponsoring this very important legislation. Banks and credit unions of all sizes are drowning in a sea of paperwork. We hear about it every day from lenders that appear before the Financial Services Committee. The reality is that, because of the regulatory environment, mortgage lending is simply too burdensome for some community banks and credit unions. Lenders have little choice but to limit the products and services made available to customers or, in some cases, exit the mortgage business all together, which some have actually done. The changes we have seen on the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requirements are a great example of regulation run amuck. On every loan, lenders must check a lengthy series of boxes. One mistake lands a bank or credit union out of compliance, in hot water with the field examiners, and potentially exposed to litigation. In committee, I had a matrix. It is almost 300 boxes of things that they have to look at. Then if there is one box that is out of compliance, you could be exposed. The Obama administration CFPB significantly expanded regulatory requirements associated with HMDA. Financial institutions now have to report a total of 48 different data fields for each individual borrower. In fact, today’s HMDA requirements are more than double the statutory requirements established by Congress. What do we get for all of this box checking? Not a lot, beyond a more burdensome process that, in the best case scenario, slows the borrowing process. These rules and regulations make it more and more difficult for small institutions to absorb costs and results in constricted credit and higher price for consumers’ and customers’ needs. Compliance with HMDA requirements is one of the top concerns and frustrations I hear from community banks in Missouri. And, in fact, we had a hearing recently, where we had the president of an institution in there, and he had a file that was this thick, Mr. Speaker, over 3inches thick. And I asked him: How many pages do you have in that file? And he said: Congressman, we don’t measure it by the page anymore. We measure it by the pound. This legislation aims to address some of those concerns. H.R. 2954 would exempt small community banks and credit unions from new HMDA reporting requirements. It is my understanding that this relief would apply to other mortgage lending institutions as well, including lenders who make loans on manufactured housing. We have an opportunity today to put our vote where our mouth is and support legislation that will grant relief to the Nation’s smallest financial institutions and enable more access to credit for our customers and members of our local communities. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, the gentleman from Minnesota for his outstanding work on this legislation and his work on behalf of our financial institutions and their customers. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am now very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support Mr. EMMER ’s bill, H.R. 2954. DoddFrank added unprecedented new regulations on industry. As has been said already by my colleagues, institutions now have to collect 25 additional fields of data. This is more than double what the banks and credit unions and other lenders had to report prior to passage of DoddFrank. Not only do these added requirements increase costs for all financial institutions, but it has taken lots of time for smaller community lenders to prepare for them. This House should be well aware of two surveys of small financial institutions that reported an alarming inability of those entities to meet these new requirements. In fact, in my meetings with small banks and credit unions from Oklahoma, all of them have raised these specific rules and requirements as being costly enough to affect their business decisions: such as how many mortgages they could feasibly originate. All of this makes this bill not only timely, but immensely necessary. I represent a district that is full of institutions that originate fewer than 500 closedend mortgages or openend lines of credit in 2 years. While these new requirements were certainly wellintentioned, their impact on small institutions cannot be overstated and should not be lessened. We as a body should continue to find ways to grow the ability of Americans to receive and to utilize financial instruments, such as mortgages. These requirements, if put on all institutions nationwide, will disproportionately affect those who are served by small financial entities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support Mr. EMMER ’s bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leadership on this issue as well. Mr. Speaker, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act continues to be an important resource for regulators to identify discriminatory lending activity. But the previous administration’s interpretation of the act’s reporting requirements has become overly burdensome for smaller financial institutions. Community banks and credit unions are weighed down with the same compliance burdens as larger institutions, without the advantages of massive compliance departments. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rulemaking of October 2015 on the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act would require financial institutions to report 
33 new data fields for each borrower, more than double the statutory requirement laid out by Congress on top of an already detailed HMDA data collection requirement. Fortunately, Mr. EMMER ’s bill, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act, would remove some of the compliance burdens placed on our Nation’s smallest financial institutions by exempting depository institutions that have originated fewer than 500 closed end mortgage loans and fewer than 500 openend lines of credit from disclosure requirements and maintenance of mortgage loan records under the 2015 HMDA rule. The CFPB’s October 2015 rulemaking requires financial institutions to report on over 100 total data points for any loan application, regardless of whether the institution agrees to make the loan or not. To put that in perspective, the time and resources required by a community financial institution to fill out all 100 of these data points for each application could be the difference between being able to make one more loan in a community or not. And in small communities across America, small communities like I represent, every single loan counts. With Mr. EMMER ’s legislation, the community financial institutions least able to absorb compliance burdens would be able to turn their attention and resources back to providing loans for hardworking families, rather than meeting overly burdensome regulatory requirements. Mr. Speaker, I would like to applaud Mr. EMMER for introducing this legislation and encourage my colleagues to be able to support this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). Without objection, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) will control the time for the minority. There was no objection. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation that we are talking about today, the Home Mortgage Adjustment Act, has to be looked at in the light of the history that this country has had. Our country has a HMDA bill, a home mortgage act, a Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, because of years, literally centuries, of discrimination and racism which has allowed for Americans to be excluded from the hope of homeownership. When people say: Look, I believe I have been the victim of mortgage discrimination, they have been very difficult and hardpressed to prove it because the people who issue mortgages say: Well, that wasn’t the reason. Well, I know that your credit score and your downpayment and everything is just like other people, but that is not the reason. Well, the truth is that it is the data that the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act provides for that puts people in a position where they can say: Look, I have been discriminated against. How come there is this wide racial disparity? b1600 As a result of it, justice has been yielded to people who have been victims of discrimination seeking nothing more than the American Dream of homeownership. So along comes the bill today, the bill we are considering at this moment, which essentially says that we are going to backtrack on the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. We are not going to enforce it, even though we know that it has yielded justice for people, equal protection under the law for people, but we think that the needs of businesses are just going to be so important that we are going to backslide on the issue of justice. So, Mr. Speaker, today I have to urge a very strong ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill because this bill says that America’s commitment to liberty and justice for all is not something that this House wants to live up to. We are going to say that we can’t abide government regulations even if it means we are going to advance the cause of a civil and human equality for all Americans. Now, of course, the folks might say: Well, it is not all HMDA that we are trying to change. What we are trying to do is just stop the implementation of HMDA data, and it is only going to be for institutions that are of a smaller size; and even then, it is only going to be certain data. Yes, they will minimize the negative impact of this legislation. But there is no doubt that this is backing off of a commitment that this Nation has made so that all people in our country can freely participate in homeownership. They will try to minimize and say: It is only credit unions and banks that only issue about 500 or fewer mortgages. When you add all those folks up, that adds up to being a whole lot of mortgages, Mr. Speaker. It is only certain kinds of data, and that data is critical to making sure that people are included in the American Dream. So I am urging a very powerful ‘‘no’’ vote. Now, the people who advocate this legislation say: Well, it is just too much burden on business. We can’t be bothered with having business fill out forms. It is quite inconvenient. But the problem, Mr. Speaker, is that, if this were such a problem, we would all come together and figure out how to make it easier to meet the requirements of HMDA. But that is not what is going on. They just want to delay the implementation of collection of critical data which will lead to the furtherance of the American Dream, which is homeownership. Mr. Speaker, it was only 8 years ago that we went through the largest foreclosure crisis in the history of our country other than the Great Depression, just 8 years ago. It wasn’t decades ago. It was really a few years ago, well within the memory of people who serve in this body right now. Many of us were serving in this body during that foreclosure crisis. Mr. Speaker, all Americans were hurt. They were hurt when the value of their homes went down, and they were hurt when they saw unemployment go up. All Americans were hurt. But if we are perfectly honest, Mr. Speaker, not all Americans were hurt the same. AfricanAmerican and Latino household wealth took the biggest hit of all. Because of this devastating blow, because of this shot, we saw the stripping away of AfricanAmerican wealth to extreme degrees, not to mention people from Latino families. We cannot say, on the one hand, ‘‘Pull yourself up by the bootstraps, work hard, save, and own a home,’’ and, on the other hand, take away the tools by which people can get that home. But that is exactly what we are doing right here. We are saying that we are going to take the tools that you need to make for a fairer, more open and more just neighborhood, we are going to take those tools that you rely on, and we are going to say that you cannot have those tools because the demands of business require that we don’t do that; it is just too expensive, it is too burdensome, and it is too inconvenient. Let me tell you this: 250 years of slavery, 100 years of Jim Crow, and another 70 years of social discrimination are pretty doggone inconvenient, too. If HMDA is a tool that we use to make our society a more equal and more perfect Union, then why would we backtrack on it? Why would we backslide on it? Why would we do those things? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to say that it was a most interesting and passionate speech that my colleague gave. I have some good news for him. The 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments to the Constitution are not repealed by this bill, and neither is HMDA. HMDA is not repealed. Even the new CFPB regulations that double the data of HMDA are not repeal. I would urge the gentleman from Minnesota to actually read the bill, which happens to be four pages long, and he would find out that a current— a current—exemption that exists under current law for our smallest financial institutions that are trying to make loans to the very people he claims he wants to protect, that is slightly enlarged. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), who is the majority whip of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank our distinguished chairman for yielding, and I appreciate my friend, Mr. EMMER , for introducing this bill to make this very modest change which does help community banks allocate capital and 
make more mortgage loans out there in our country. I would say to my friend from Minnesota, who knows I have great respect for him and his eloquence, that no one on this side of the aisle is any less interested in justice than he is. I must say, Mr. Speaker, that, as the chairman noted, this bill does nothing about eliminating protections under the Fair Housing Act or protections under the fair lending act for discrimination in housing or lending for minorities in this Nation. This is really, instead, about continuing the theme of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, which is to relieve some burden for the smallest financial institutions across the country. The act, for example, exempts institutions with less than $50 million in assets that are in an MSA from requiring any reporting. The act, for example, exempts small banks under $50 million that are not in an MSA from any reporting. So Mr. EMMER ’s bill simply continues on that theme while protecting justice and while protecting the ability to have data to make sure that we, in fact, in this country, have fair lending. If this requirement were enacted, community lenders would be required to collect more than double the amount of data points they do now. It is some 300,000 fields of data on a loan activity report, a LAR, which is how banks measure their compliance with HMDA—300,000 lines of activity. If you have a 10 percent error rate, Mr. Speaker, you are a bad actor and can submit many more challenges to maintain your independence as a bank. I would also argue that, on the backs of other regulatory burdens on small banks like TILARESPA, which was supposed to be a big improvement for consumers, it has actually hurt lending, raised costs, and limited credit. This comes on the back of that. So, Mr. Speaker, I believe H.R. 2954 provides needed relief for our smallest financial institutions and preserves more lending options for the markets that these banks serve. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. EMMER , for his thoughtful work. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I mentioned before, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the underlying bill, the bill that is being attempted to be amended today, didn’t drop out of the sky. We have it because there was historic, provable, and demonstrable discrimination. That is why we had it. This bill, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act—a completely different piece which, I argue, backslides on our commitment to fair housing— would undermine our ability to stop discrimination by exempting 85 percent of the Nation’s banks and credit unions and 48 percent of the Nation’s nonbank lenders from having to follow the updated reporting requirements. What are these reporting requirements? They are things that banks collect already. They are pieces of information being collected now. All they have to do is take one piece of paper that they have already prepared the documentation for and put it into another document. That is it. Now, the application borrower’s age, that is an important thing to combat age discrimination. Credit score, name, and version of the credit scoring model, that is an important piece of information. That is already in the underwriting file and in FCRA. The debttoincome ratio is already in the underwriting file and is required by QM compliance. Automated underwriting system name, that is in the underwriting file. Other information about the property, securing the loan, and the value of the property to secure the loan, that is in the underwriting file and it is in TILA requirement. Combined loantovalue ratio, that is in there already because of underwriting. Manufactured home property type, land or without land, that is in the underwriting of the file. Let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, that information is critical because, in the manufactured housing industry, we know there is predatory lending and unfairness to borrowers a lot, so we need that kind of information to protect borrowers. I reject the argument that somehow, if we don’t have commonsense regulations and disclosure, that is going to result in more—more—loans being issued. There is no evidence to support that. What it will likely result in is more discrimination happening and perhaps people who own the banks and the credit unions just pocketing more money. But the fact that less regulation and oversight is going to yield more justice for people who have historically been excluded, there is no basis to believe that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), who is another hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time to speak in support of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act sponsored by my good friend and colleague, Mr. EMMER . As I sit and I listen to the debates that we are having in here and I think of what people back home must be thinking, it is hard, quite often, for us here to actually see what it is like, the boots on the ground back home. So I tend to go back home, and I talk to the source. What is it that we do up here that can hurt you or help you in your business and your life? Recently, I had a gathering of small business owners, executives from larger businesses from across my district, and I posed a question to them: If we could only do one thing to help your business, what would that be? Would you rather us lower taxes or reduce regulation? Without exception, every person in that room said: Reduce regulation on my business. That surprised me. So I asked them why. They said: Because, by lowering our taxes, you can help our bottom line, but it is the regulation that hurts our ability to actually meet the needs of our customer. Now, when I talk to the small banks who predominantly loan to the small guy, the smallbusiness guy, they say: It is things such as this that actually get in the way of my helping the customer. So it is not about inconvenience to the business. It is about serving the needs of the small guy, and it is about serving the needs and actually providing access to the capital that the smallbusiness owner, the backbone of America, actually needs. Now, this bill is a perfect example of how we are simply reducing the burden on these businesses so they can meet the needs of the consumer much better. It doesn’t do away with the regulation. It just reduces some of the reporting requirements that are onerous and that are duplicative. Basically, it tailors this data toward the small bank and the small business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Georgia an additional 30 seconds. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, currently, only mortgage lenders that have made fewer than 25 loans a year are exempt from this onerous data reporting requirement. All this bill does is extend that to 500 because I want our small banks to be making more than 25 loans a year to the small guy. I want them to make many more loans. Especially as this economy is improving, we want to support the small guy. With that, Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense piece of legislation. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman made a point that I thought was definitely worth mentioning. He said that he wanted to know how the law plays out boots on the ground back at home. He talked about: Does it hurt you or does it help you? The gentleman made a specific point about getting reallife, tangible experience people have with the law. I am glad he mentioned that, and the reason why is that I talked to a woman earlier this week as I prepared to be here today. She said she scrubbed floors in a hospital for 30 years. She scrubbed floors in a hospital for 30 years. She got up every day, and she saved her money. Her family never owned a home; they rented. That is all they could ever afford to do. She applied for a loan in a bank for a home once she got her money together. 
b1615 She was hopeful. She was optimistic. She even had a home picked out that she wanted to own and have her grandchildren and kids live with her in that home. She was denied. She had a good credit score. She saved her money. She shared with me that she felt like it was because of her race. Now, of course, nobody is going to admit that. When it comes to mortgage lending, Mr. Speaker, the people who make decisions that exclude one group of people and include another one don’t use the nasty, ugly language that all of us condemn. They don’t come in here and use the N word. They don’t say ugly stuff. These people wear suits. They wear ties. They have nice, pressed white shirts. Many of them have monograms on those shirts. These are the members of the country club. Yet this lady who worked so hard for so long to own a home was denied. It was when statistical analysis was brought forth that people decided maybe they should just give her that loan after all. It was when she went to legal aid and complained. I can tell you this, it is the kind of thing that is important. How do people on the ground experience the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act? They experience it as something that gives them a chance to have a good life, too. If you never felt the sting of discrimination, maybe it is just a business regulation to you. But if you have been looked in the eye and told ‘‘no,’’ and you know that this is not right and you know it is probably because of who you are, then, and only then, will you understand why it is important not to weaken the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. I don’t doubt that people who are offering this amendment to relieve the regulatory ‘‘burden’’ have animus in their heart. I really don’t believe they do. But I will tell you this: they are listening to the folks in the country club. They are listening to the folks who are on the other side of the table. They are not listening to the people who need that mortgage, who work for that mortgage, who deserve that mortgage. That is not who they are talking to. If they would sit down and listen to folks who just want to own a home, maybe they wouldn’t see this as just some sort of a bothersome regulation. It is getting in the way of business. How can we possibly ever allow that? To the folks who would say that, discrimination is a theoretical concept. It might happen to some people, but none of the fine people they know in the banking industry would ever do that. Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill came up because people were living with mortgage discrimination. It came up because people were being denied. It came up because people that were being told ‘‘no’’ should have been told ‘‘yes.’’ That is what is going on right here. This is why this bill, this Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act, needs to be defeated. If you want to talk about ease of regulation, we can always talk about how to help people comply with the law. I am not against that. But what I am against is backsliding and backtracking on the progress that this country has made in favor of equal access to credit and mortgage lending. This bill is a threat to that. There shouldn’t be anyone who votes for this piece of legislation who seriously considers how damaging discrimination has been historically and who seriously considers how the lives of people who spent so much time simply trying to be part of this country have been told ‘‘no.’’ There are a lot of groups that agree. There are 173 national and Statebased civil rights, fair housing, and consumer and community organizations that agree. There are 25 community labor and public interest groups that agree. They say this: 
H.R. 2954 would nearly quadruple the number of banks exempted from the key mortgage disclosures designed to detect predatory and discriminatory lending, leading to 5,400 banks being exempted, as well as an additional 487 nonbanks. 
This is not a small thing. I just say that I give everybody credit for good intentions. I really do. But I think that folks need to really think about what it means to be on the other side of that desk when you are applying for that mortgage, not just the businessmen and women who deny mortgages or grant them as they see fit. Public Citizen says: 
This bill would eliminate race and gender home mortgage reporting requirements for lenders who make fewer than 500 closedend mortgage loans and fewer than 500 openend lines of credit. There is really no benefit to such an exemption, as the reporting requirements are negligible. Lenders who write mortgages obtain significant data on their customers, as they should. Reporting a few items of this data is not cumbersome. The potential harm, on the other hand, is to subvert the basic intent of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, which is to publicize whether a bank is truly serving its geographic market on a race and gender blind basis. 
What about CAP, the Center for American Progress? They say: 
While on its face this appears to be a simple regulatory relief bill, this provision would exempt the majority of mortgage lenders from new Home Mortgage Disclosure Act reporting requirements. The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act reporting is the primary source of information on the availability and quality of mortgage lending and serves a vital function in fair lending assessments. This bill would effectively paint an incomplete or inaccurate picture of lending activity in the communities across the country, making it vastly more difficult for regulators and researchers alike to assess the state of the mortgage market. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this piece of legislation. It is wrong. It is not the right thing. There are other ways to do what the authors want to do. But simply saying, ‘‘All these people are exempt and you don’t have to comply,’’ is not the right way to go. It will set us back as a nation. It will turn us back as a nation. I am urging a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ), the ranking member. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ELLISON for the time he has spent with us today opposing this legislation. His history is such that everyone understands that he represents the least of these, that he represents working people, that he represents poor people. Whenever there is an opportunity to speak up for them, he always does. Mr. Speaker, I think we need to remember what this is all about, so let me state the facts. HMDA data allows us to monitor mortgage lending patterns to identify underserved communities and populations to combat discriminatory lending. HMDA data was used to determine when many of us suspected during the subprime bubble that persons of color, particularly African Americans, received predatory subprime loans at higher rates than White borrowers. They received these loans even when they qualified for prime mortgages. The Department of Justice and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau have used HMDA data to bring fair lending cases against banks for redlining, steering, and other violations of the Fair Housing Act. It might be true that H.R. 2954 could provide relief to some financial institutions by exempting lenders from the updated HMDA reporting requirements. What is true is that the bill would likely also have farreaching adverse consequences for consumers, particularly those in lowincome census tracts and rural areas. Equally disconcerting is that the reduced HMDA data could stop regulators’ ability to identify and stop any emerging predatory or discriminatory practices faced by those consumers. Borrowers who take out home equity lines of credit, the HELOCs, are at risk of losing their homes to foreclosure when property values decline. In fact, the expansion of HELOCs in the mid 2000s contributed to the foreclosure crisis that many communities experienced in the last 2000s. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau noted that: 
Had openend line of credit data like HELOCs been reported in HMDA, the public officials could have had a much earlier warning and a better understanding of potential risk, and public and private mortgage relief programs could have better assisted distressed borrowers in the aftermath of the crisis. 
While I am a longtime advocate for community banks, this bill does not reduce burdens. All of the HMDA data points being discussed today will continue to be collected by banks because they need this data to originate mortgages for their customers. I also understand that personal banking does not mean that discriminatory lending does not occur in smallersized institutions. In fact, the Obama administration’s Department of Justice sued a community bank located in Chaska, Minnesota, with assets of $1.9 billion. Mr. Speaker, you have heard the arguments. We are on the side of the people. I don’t know who they represent over there. I simply ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DIAZBALART ). The gentleman from Texas has 6 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, it is fascinating listening to my friends on the other side of the aisle. It is fascinating because they tell us they want to protect the single mothers. They tell us they want to protect the people of color. They tell us they want to help and protect the poor, but they are protecting them out of their home ownership opportunities. Because of the increased HMDA compliance on our smallest community financial institutions, they are ceasing to make these loans. But they will sleep well tonight in their apartments and in their rental homes, knowing that my good friends on the other side of the aisle protect them out of their ability to finally realize their portion of the American Dream and have that shot at home ownership. Mr. Speaker, how many people have to lose their home ownership opportunities due to the onslaught of the onerous Federal regulations? What is fascinating about this debate is that what they would discover is that HMDA is still the law of the land. Again, I would encourage my friends to actually read the bill. I think it is 3 pages long; maybe 3
1⁄2pages long. HMDA doesn’t go away if we enact H.R. 2954. But what it says is that for our smallest financial institutions, the HMDA requirements, the doubling of HMDA requirements, the increased burden, will not be placed on our smallest financial institutions, as we are losing one every single day. As we lose them, we lose that credit opportunity for the least of these that my friends, I know in their heart, want to help, but they are not helping them. Listen to those who are actually trying to make these loans. By the way, I don’t know of a successful business model for any bank that says: You know what? I am going to make more money if I don’t lend it to you. If I refuse to make loans, if I refuse to serve my community, if I practice active racism, that will be good for my bottom line. I am not seeing it in the Fifth District of Texas, and I highly suspect that it is difficult to find in the United States of America in the 21st century. So I hear from the community banker in Nebraska, who says: Go to any community bank reporting HMDA and have them sit down and watch bank staff review a loan file. Then document the data showing how difficult it is to prevent errors. 
This bank got out of the business of loaning. They said: 
We don’t need the ulcers created by such stress from the fear of the regulators. 
I heard from a community bank in Oklahoma that said: 
Because of DoddFrank, we no longer offer purchase house loans. We are servicing only the ones we have on the books. 
Thank you DoddFrank and HMDA. May I have another. I heard from a community bank in Nevada that said: 
The mortgage regulations intended to help the consumer have been particularly harmful. My bank is a very small community bank servicing communities in rural Nevada. We used to do quite a bit of residential mortgage lending, but hardly any now, due to the restrictive regulations. 
b1630 So, again, I would just ask that my friends on the other side of the aisle open up both their hearts and their heads and see how many people are being hurt by the cumulative impact of this regulatory tsunami hitting those who loan the money to the least of these to make sure that they can achieve their version of the American Dream. And where was all the angst, Mr. Speaker? Where was all the angst? My friends on the other side of the aisle talk about statistics. Well, here is a statistic that comes from the Federal Reserve: When the qualified mortgage rule of the CFPB is fully implemented, 30 percent fewer Blacks and Hispanics, people of color, will be able to get mortgages versus 2010. There is a statistic. And I would say, Mr. Speaker, perhaps that is even a more valuable statistic when it comes to looking at the increased HMDA burden placed by the CFPB on our community financial institutions. Maybe that is a more important statistic than even the 20 someodd new fields of HMDA data that CFPB is requiring on the smallest banks and credit unions in America. My friends on the other side of the aisle say: Oh, we care about the plight of these community banks. Well, why are we still losing one a day, and why do you tell us that you care about their plight and their ability to loan money but you don’t vote with us? Fortunately, some Members on the other side of the aisle in the other body over my shoulder, Mr. Speaker—there is actually a bipartisan bill in the Senate that does exactly what H.R. 2954 does. I am very happy to say that it was a bipartisan bill coming out of the Financial Services Committee, also enjoying some Democratic support. But, again, I just don’t think my friends who are debating now have read the bill. I encourage them to read the bill, and every Member ought to support H.R. 2954 and support the opportunity to buy a home in the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 693, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. ELLISON. Yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. E LLISON moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2954 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 3, beginning on line 11, strike ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (4)’’. Page 3, line 13, strike ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (4)’’. Page 4, line 4, strike the quotation mark and ending period and insert after such line the following: ‘‘(3) ATTESTATION REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For each year with respect to which a depository institution is exempt from the requirements of paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (b) by reason of paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection, the president and chief executive officer for such depository institution shall submit a written attestation to the Bureau and the appropriate Federal financial services regulator that— ‘‘(i) the institution is in compliance with all relevant Federal fair lending laws and regulations; ‘‘(ii) the institution has established adequate internal controls to detect whether the institution’s business models and personnel policies and practices operate in a fair manner and provide equal opportunities for minorities and women in the institution’s workplace; and ‘‘(iii) the senior executives, managers, loan officers, and other employees of the institution who are substantially involved in the underwriting of residential mortgage loans for the institution have completed antidiscrimination and diversity training on an annual basis. ‘‘(B) DEFINITION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘appropriate Federal financial services regulator’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to a bank or savings association, the appropriate Federal banking agency (as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act); and ‘‘(ii) with respect to a credit union, the National Credit Union Administration.’’. 
Page 4, line 5, strike ‘‘Section 304(i)(3)’’ and insert ‘‘Section 304(i)(4)’’. 
Mr. ELLISON (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading at this time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. As we have heard today, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act is a critical civil rights bill. It is a civil rights bill designed to increase opportunity for all Americans. It is about liberty and justice for all. It is about the Equal Protection Clause. It is about those things that men and women laid their whole lives down for to make this country more fair, more equal. The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act’s intent was to ensure that equal opportunity was given to everyone with respect to mortgages. The law is necessary, given our country’s long history of discrimination. Through slavery, we took away rights and freedoms of Black men and women for 250 years. We made them property rather than human beings. It was followed by nearly a century of segregation and disenfranchisement. As a result of it, people stood up to say we have got to have laws to protect people. We might not be able to change hearts and minds, but we can change behavior. And HMDA helped change behavior. We are still fighting to make sure we have a more equal society. The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act empowers the Department of Justice, State attorneys general, Consumer Bureau, and the public to fight back against discriminatory lending and monitor access to mortgage credit by traditionally underserved communities and populations. If a financial institution denies a family a mortgage, they can provide a number of excuses for that denial. Only the data collected through the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act proves that there is a broader issue of discrimination at play. This bill, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act, exempts institutions from certain HMDA reporting requirements if they originate 500 or fewer closedend loans, which includes mortgages and car loans, and institutions that issue 500 or fewer openended loans. That is nearly 6,000 institutions across America that will stop reporting HMDA data if this bill goes into effect. This opens the door for discrimination. It opens the door for redlining, and it is not acceptable. That is why I am offering a motion to recommit that would ensure that individual banks affected by this bill take steps to reduce discrimination in mortgage lending. If opening the door for discrimination is not the intent of the bill, there should be no issues why my amendment is not passed. My amendment simply says that the CEO and the president of any financial institution now exempted from collecting and reporting important HMDA data fields must attest that, one, the institution is compliant with all relevant fairlending laws; two, the institution has established adequate internal controls to detect whether the institution provides equal opportunity; and, three, the institution’s senior executives, managers, and loan officers and other employees who are substantially involved in underwriting residential mortgage loans complete an antidiscrimination and diversity training. Ultimately, my amendment is meant to ensure that each exempted institution is properly incentivized to do what they’re supposed to do: lend to all qualified borrowers. By holding the CEO accountable, my amendment ensures that lenders will take the actions necessary to begin to overcome historic racism, sexism, and other discrimination just like HMDA was intended. If it is a fact that the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act is not designed to open the door and green light discrimination, then this amendment is a commonsense proposal to make sure that that does not happen and that the leader of the institution maintains responsibility for that not happening. Mr. Speaker, I urge every Member to vote for this motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend and colleague from Minnesota restating, in his motion to recommit, what is essentially already current law; but, unfortunately, he adds on yet one more form for community financial institutions to fill out on top of the 18.7 gazillion forms they already have to fill out, the cost of which ultimately is imposed upon those who are trying to find credit and find affordable credit. And I would remind the gentleman from Minnesota again, every single financial institution impacted by H.R. 2954 still must submit HMDA data. They are still subject to HMDA. For the third time, they are still subject to HMDA. And I am sure that all will be glad to hear Federal regulators still have statutory authority to take any formal enforcement actions against entities for violations of the laws or rules. But why, when we are trying to make it easier for the least of these to buy a home, are we trying to, instead, my friends on the other side of the aisle, make it more difficult by adding yet more forms, forms that also say: Do you know what? Even though this is America, you are guilty until proven innocent. That is a whole different argument, and I wish we had time to develop it here today, Mr. Speaker. But here is what we need to do. We need to make sure that struggling, hardworking Americans have homeownership opportunities, and the regulatory burden that came out of the previous administration is making it more difficult. So, now, to think that we would double the HMDA requirement data—double—for our smallest financial institutions that are fighting for survival, that are trying to help our constituents buy homes is unthinkable; to add yet one more Federal law, one more Federal form on top of all the others that we have, is just unfathomable. It is unthinkable. It will only harm those whom we are trying to help, and I would urge all Members to reject the motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 195. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 696, I call up the bill (H.R. 195) to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: 
At the end, add the following: TITLE II—KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW OF 2017 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2017’’. Subtitle A—Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program Reauthorization 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Americans Alert Program Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 212. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621) is amended— (1) in the section header, by striking ‘‘
AMERICANS ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) GRANT PROGRAM TOREDUCE INJURY AND  DEATH OF MISSING AMERICANS WITHDEMENTIA  
ANDDEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES .—Subject to the availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Attorney General, through the Bureau of Justice Assistance and in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services— ‘‘(1) shall award competitive grants to health care agencies, State and local law enforcement agencies, or public safety agencies and nonprofit organizations to assist such entities in planning, designing, establishing, or operating locally based, proactive programs to prevent wandering and locate missing individuals with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism, who, due to their condition, wander from safe environments, including programs that— ‘‘(A) provide prevention and response information, including online training resources, and referrals to families or guardians of such individuals who, due to their condition, wander from a safe environment; ‘‘(B) provide education and training, including online training resources, to first responders, school personnel, clinicians, and the public in order to— ‘‘(i) increase the safety and reduce the incidence of wandering of persons, who, due to their dementia or developmental disabilities, may wander from safe environments; ‘‘(ii) facilitate the rescue and recovery of individuals who, due to their dementia or developmental disabilities, wander from safe environments; and ‘‘(iii) recognize and respond to and appropriately interact with endangered missing individuals with dementia or developmental disabilities who, due to their condition, wander from safe environments; ‘‘(C) provide prevention and response training and emergency protocols for school administrators, staff, and families or guardians of individuals with dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism, to help reduce the risk of wandering by such individuals; and ‘‘(D) develop, operate, or enhance a notification or communications systems for alerts, advisories, or dissemination of other information for the recovery of missing individuals with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or with developmental disabilities, such as autism; and ‘‘(2) shall award grants to health care agencies, State and local law enforcement agencies, or public safety agencies to assist such agencies in designing, establishing, and operating locative tracking technology programs for individuals with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or children with developmental disabilities, such as autism, who have wandered from safe environments.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘competitive’’ after ‘‘to receive a’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘agency or’’ before ‘‘organization’’ each place it appears; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Attorney General shall periodically solicit applications for grants under this section by publishing a request for applications in the Federal Register and by posting such a request on the website of the Department of Justice.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) PREFERENCE .—In awarding grants under subsection (a)(1), the Attorney General shall give preference to law enforcement or public safety agencies that partner with nonprofit organizations that appropriately use personcentered plans minimizing restrictive interventions and that have a direct link to individuals, and families of individuals, with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism. ‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. ‘‘(e) GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following accountability provisions: ‘‘(1) AUDIT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) DEFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a finding in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(B) AUDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) MANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12month period described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section. ‘‘(E) REIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is awarded grant funds under this section during the 2 fiscalyear period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(2) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE MENTS .— ‘‘(A) DEFINITION OF NONPROFIT ORGANIZA TION.—For purposes of this paragraph and the grant programs under this section, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) PROHIBITION .—The Attorney General may not award a grant under this section to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) DISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organization that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presumption of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the comparability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and decision. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information disclosed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. ‘‘(3) CONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) LIMITATION .—No amounts made available to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made available by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or department, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. ‘‘(B) WRITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attorney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, an annual certification— ‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appropriate Assistant Attorney General or Director; ‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and ‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant recipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. ‘‘(f) PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Before the Attorney General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded by the Attorney General to determine if grant awards are or have been awarded for a similar purpose. ‘‘(2) REPORT .—If the Attorney General awards grants to the same applicant for a similar purpose the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all such grants awarded, including the total dollar amount of any such grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded multiple grants to the same applicant for a similar purpose.’’. (b) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act and every year thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the Missing Americans Alert Program, as amended by subsection (a), which shall address— (1) the number of individuals who benefitted from the Missing Americans Alert Program, including information such as the number of individuals with reduced unsafe wandering, the number of people who were trained through the program, and the estimated number of people who were impacted by the program; (2) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that applied for funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program; (3) the number of State, local, and tribal local law enforcement or public safety agencies that received funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program, including— (A) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for training; and (B) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for designing, establishing, or operating locative tracking technology; (4) the companies, including the location (city and State) of the headquarters and local offices of each company, for which their locative tracking technology was used by State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies; (5) the nonprofit organizations, including the location (city and State) of the headquarters and local offices of each organization, that State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies partnered with and the result of each partnership; (6) the number of missing children with autism or another developmental disability with wandering tendencies or adults with Alzheimer’s being served by the program who went missing and the result of the search for each such individual; and (7) any recommendations for improving the Missing Americans Alert Program. (c) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents in section 2 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 is amended by striking the item relating to section 240001 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 240001. Missing Americans Alert Program.’’. Subtitle B—Education and Outreach 
SEC. 231. ACTIVITIES BY THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EXPLOITED CHILDREN. 
Section 404(b)(1)(H) of the Missing Children’s Assistance Act (34 U.S.C. 11293(b)(1)(H)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including cases involving children with developmental disabilities such as autism’’ before the semicolon. Subtitle C—Privacy Protections 
In this subtitle: (1) CHILD.—The term ‘‘child’’ means an individual who is less than 18 years of age. (2) INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e)). (3) LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY .—The term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of a State, unit of local government, or Indian tribe that is authorized by law or by a government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. (4) NONINVASIVE AND NON PERMANENT .—The term ‘‘noninvasive and nonpermanent’’ means, with regard to any technology or device, that the procedure to install the technology or device does not create an external or internal marker or implant a device, such as a microchip, or other trackable items. (5) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (6) UNIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘unit of local government’’ means a county, municipality, town, township, village, parish, borough, or other unit of general government below the State level. 
SEC. 242. STANDARDS AND BEST PRACTICES FOR USE OF NONINVASIVE AND NON PERMANENT TRACKING DEVICES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and leading research, advocacy, selfadvocacy, and service organizations, shall establish standards and best practices relating to the use of noninvasive and nonpermanent tracking technology, where a guardian or parent has determined that a non invasive and nonpermanent tracking device is the least restrictive alternative, to locate individuals as described in subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this title. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the standards and best practices required under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall— (A) determine— (i) the criteria used to determine which individuals would benefit from the use of a tracking device; (ii) the criteria used to determine who should have direct access to the tracking system; and (iii) which noninvasive and nonpermanent types of tracking devices can be used in compliance with the standards and best practices; and (B) establish standards and best practices the Attorney General determines are necessary to the administration of a tracking system, including procedures to— (i) safeguard the privacy of the data used by the tracking device such that— (I) access to the data is restricted to law enforcement and health agencies determined necessary by the Attorney General; and (II) collection, use, and retention of the data is solely for the purpose of preventing injury to or death of the individual wearing the tracking device; (ii) establish criteria to determine whether use of the tracking device is the least restrictive alternative in order to prevent risk of injury or death before issuing the tracking device, including the previous consideration of less restrictive alternatives; (iii) provide training for law enforcement agencies to recognize signs of abuse during interactions with applicants for tracking devices; (iv) protect the civil rights and liberties of the individuals who use tracking devices, including their rights under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; (v) establish a complaint and investigation process to address— (I) incidents of noncompliance by recipients of grants under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this title, with the best practices established by the Attorney General or other applicable law; and (II) use of a tracking device over the objection of an individual; and (vi) determine the role that State agencies should have in the administration of a tracking system. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The standards and best practices established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall take effect 90 days after publication of such standards and practices by the Attorney General. (b) REQUIRED COMPLIANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Each entity that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this title, shall comply with any standards and best practices relating to the use of tracking devices established by the Attorney General in accordance with subsection (a). (2) DETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE .—The At torney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall determine whether an entity that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this title, acts in compliance with the standards and best practices described in paragraph (1). (c) APPLICABILITY OF STANDARDS AND BEST PRACTICES .—The standards and best practices established by the Attorney General under subsection (a) shall apply only to the grant programs authorized under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12621), as added by this title. (d) LIMITATIONS ON PROGRAM .— (1) DATA STORAGE .—Any tracking data provided by tracking devices issued under this program may not be used by a Federal entity to create a database. (2) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Nothing in this title may be construed to require that a parent or guardian use a tracking device to monitor the location of a child or adult under that parent or guardian’s supervision if the parent or guardian does not believe that the use of such device is necessary or in the interest of the child or adult under supervision. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Frelinghuysen moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 195 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 115–55. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate, insert the following: DIVISION B—EXTENSION OF CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 SEC. 2001. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 11556) is amended— (1) by striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘February 16, 2018’’; and (2) by adding after section 147 the following: ‘‘SEC. 148. Funds appropriated by the Department of Defense Missile Defeat and Defense Enhancements Appropriations Act, 2018 (division B of Public Law 11596) may be obligated and expended notwithstanding section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). ‘‘SEC. 149. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘Department of Agriculture— Food and Nutrition Service—Child Nutrition Programs’ to carry out section 749(g) of the Agriculture Appropriations Act of 2010 (Public Law 11180) may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to ensure that the program can be fully operational by May 2018. ‘‘SEC. 150. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘National Aeronautics and Space 
Administration—Exploration’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned launch capability schedules for the Space Launch System launch vehicle, Exploration Ground Systems, and Orion MultiPurpose Crew Vehicle programs. ‘‘SEC. 151. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Office of the Inspector General’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to sustain staffing levels achieved on June 30, 2017. ‘‘SEC. 152. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘Small Business Administration—Business Loans Program Account’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to accommodate increased demand for commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)). ‘‘SEC. 153. For 2018, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may make temporary adjustments to the Section 8 housing choice voucher annual renewal funding allocations and administrative fee eligibility determinations for public housing agencies in an area for which the President declared a disaster in 2017 or 2018 under title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.), to avoid significant adverse funding impacts that would otherwise result from the disaster and that would otherwise prevent a public housing agency from leasing up to its authorized level of units under contract (but not to exceed such level), upon request by and in consultation with a public housing agency and supported by documentation as required by the Secretary that demonstrates the need for the adjustment.’’. SEC. 2002. The Further Additional Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division A of Public Law 11596) is amended by striking section 1002. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION C—HEALTHY KIDS ACT 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Helping Ensure Access for Little Ones, Toddlers, and Hopeful Youth by Keeping Insurance Delivery Stable Act’’ or the ‘‘HEALTHY KIDS Act’’. 
SEC. 3002. SIXYEAR FUNDING EXTENSION OF THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) F UNDING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2104(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)), as amended by section 3201(a) of the CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act (division C of Public Law 115–96), is amended— (A) in paragraph (20)(B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by striking paragraph (21) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(21) for fiscal year 2018, $21,500,000,000; ‘‘(22) for fiscal year 2019, $22,600,000,000; ‘‘(23) for fiscal year 2020, $23,700,000,000; ‘‘(24) for fiscal year 2021, $24,800,000,000; ‘‘(25) for fiscal year 2022, $25,900,000,000; and ‘‘(26) for fiscal year 2023, for purposes of making two semiannual allotments— ‘‘(A) $2,850,000,000 for the period beginning on October 1, 2022, and ending on March 31, 2023; and ‘‘(B) $2,850,000,000 for the period beginning on April 1, 2023, and ending on September 30, 2023.’’. (2) PREVENTION OF DUPLICATE APPROPRIA TIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, insofar as funds have been appropriated under subsection (a)(21) of section 2104 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd), as such subsection is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, to provide allotments to States under the State Children’s Health Insurance Program established under title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa et seq.) (whether implemented under title XIX, XXI, or both, of the Social Security Act) for fiscal year 2018— (A) any amounts that are so appropriated that are not so allotted and obligated before the date of the enactment of this Act, are rescinded; and (B) any amount provided for CHIP allotments to a State under this section (and the amendments made by this section) for such fiscal year shall be reduced by the amount of such appropriations so allotted and obligated before such date. (b) ALLOTMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2104(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(m)), as amended by section 3201(b) of the CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act (division C of Public Law 115–96), is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(19)’’ and inserting ‘‘(25)’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2017, and 2023’’; and (iii) in clause (ii)— (I) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and paragraph (10)’’; and (II) in subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of fiscal year 2018, under paragraph (4))’’ after ‘‘clause (i)’’; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (C) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of fiscal year 2018, by not later than the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of the HEALTHY KIDS Act)’’ after ‘‘before the August 31 preceding the beginning of the fiscal year’’; and (iii) in the matter following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016, fiscal year 2018, fiscal year 2020, or fiscal year 2022’’; (D) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (E) by amending paragraph (10) to read as follows: ‘‘(10) FOR FISCAL YEAR 2023.— ‘‘(A) FIRST HALF .—Subject to paragraphs (5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (26) of subsection (a) for the semiannual period described in such subparagraph, increased by the amount of the appropriation for such period under section 3002(b)(2) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act, the Secretary shall compute a State allotment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each commonwealth and territory) for such semi annual period in an amount equal to the first half ratio (described in subparagraph (D)) of the amount described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) SECOND HALF .—Subject to paragraphs (5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (26) of subsection (a) for the semiannual period described in such subparagraph, the Secretary shall compute a State allotment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each commonwealth and territory) for such semiannual period in an amount equal to the amount made available under such subparagraph, multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the allotment to such State under subparagraph (A); to ‘‘(ii) the total of the amount of all of the allotments made available under such subparagraph. ‘‘(C) FULL YEAR AMOUNT BASED ON REBASED  
AMOUNT .—The amount described in this subparagraph for a State is equal to the Federal payments to the State that are attributable to (and countable towards) the total amount of allotments available under this section to the State in fiscal year 2022 (including payments made to the State under subsection (n) for fiscal year 2022 as well as amounts redistributed to the State in fiscal year 2022), multiplied by the allotment increase factor under paragraph (6) for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(D) FIRST HALF RATIO .—The first half ratio described in this subparagraph is the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount made available under subsection (a)(26)(A); and ‘‘(II) the amount of the appropriation for such period under section 3002(b)(2) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act; to ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) the amount made available under subsection (a)(26)(B).’’. (2) ONETIME APPROPRIATION FOR FISCAL  
YEAR 2023.—There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $20,200,000,000 to accompany the allotment made for the period beginning on October 1, 2022, and ending on March 31, 2023, under paragraph (26)(A) of section 2104(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)) (as added by subsection (a)), to remain available until expended. Such amount shall be used to provide allotments to States under paragraph (10) of section 2104(m) of such Act (as added by paragraph (1)) for the first 6 months of fiscal year 2023 in the same manner as allotments are provided under subsection (a)(26)(A) of such section 2104 and subject to the same terms and conditions as apply to the allotments provided from such subsection (a)(26)(A). (c) EXTENSION OF THE CHILD ENROLLMENT  CONTINGENCY FUND.—Section 2104(n) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(n)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2010 through 2014, 2016, and 2018 through 2022’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2015, 2017, and 2023’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2010 through 2014, 2016, and 2018 through 2022’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2015, 2017, and 2023’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or a semiannual allotment period for fiscal year 2015 or 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘or in any of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 (or a semiannual allotment period for fiscal year 2015, 2017, or 2023)’’. (d) EXTENSION OF QUALIFYING STATES OPTION.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2105(g)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(g)(4)) is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH 2023’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (2) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 2104(f)(2)(B)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(f)(2)(B)(ii)), as amended by section 3201(c) of the CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act (division C of Public Law 115–96), is amended— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘for the month (as defined in subclause (II))’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in subclause (II)) for the month’’; 
(B) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the HEALTHY KIDS Act,’’ after ‘‘section 2105(g)(4)(A)’’; and (C) in subclause (VI)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the HEALTHY KIDS Act’’ after ‘‘, section 2105(g)(4)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, as so in effect’’ after ‘‘under section 2105(g)(4)’’. (e) EXTENSION OF EXPRESS LANE ELIGIBILITY OPTION .—Section 1902(e)(13)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(13)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (f) ASSURANCE OF AFFORDABILITY STANDARD  
FORCHILDREN AND FAMILIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2105(d)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(d)(3)) is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2023’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A), in the matter preceding clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not be construed as preventing a State during such period’’ and inserting ‘‘During the period that begins on October 1, 2019, and ends on September 30, 2023, the preceding sentence shall only apply with respect to children in families whose income does not exceed 300 percent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved. The preceding sentences shall not be construed as preventing a State during any such periods’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1902(gg)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(gg)(2)) is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2023’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023 (but during the period that begins on October 1, 2019, and ends on September 30, 2023, only with respect to children in families whose income does not exceed 300 percent of the poverty line (as defined in section 2110(c)(5)) applicable to a family of the size involved)’’. (g) CHIP LOOKALIKE PLANS .— (1) BLENDING RISK POOLS .—Section 2107 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397gg) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) USE OF BLENDED RISKPOOLS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in this title (or any other provision of Federal law) shall be construed as preventing a State from considering children enrolled in a qualified CHIP lookalike program and children enrolled in a State child health plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan) as members of a single risk pool. ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED CHIP LOOK ALIKE PROGRAM .— In this subsection, the term ‘qualified CHIP lookalike program’ means a State program— ‘‘(A) under which children who are under the age of 19 and are not eligible to receive medical assistance under title XIX or child health assistance under this title may purchase coverage through the State that provides benefits that are at least identical to the benefits provided under the State child health plan under this title (or a waiver of such plan); and ‘‘(B) that is funded exclusively through nonFederal funds, including funds received by the State in the form of premiums for the purchase of such coverage.’’. (2) COVERAGE RULE .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 5000A(f)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended in subparagraph (A)(iii), by inserting ‘‘or under a qualified CHIP lookalike program (as defined in section 2107(g) of the Social Security Act)’’ before the comma at the end. (B) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subparagraph (A) shall apply with respect to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (h) AVAILABILITY OF UNUSED FISCAL YEAR 2018 REDISTRIBUTION AMOUNTS .—Any amounts that have been redistributed to States under subsection (f) of section 2104 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd) for fiscal year 2018 that are not, or will not be, expended by the end of that fiscal year shall be— (1) adjusted by the Secretary before the end of fiscal year 2018 to reflect an updated estimate of shortfalls under subsection (f)(2)(A) of such section; and (2) available for redistribution under subsection (f) of such section for subsequent fiscal years. 
SEC. 3003. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN PROGRAMS AND DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS. 
(a) C HILDHOOD OBESITY DEMONSTRATION  PROJECT .—Section 1139A(e)(8) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a(e)(8)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and $10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘, $10,000,000’’; and (2) by inserting after ‘‘2017’’ the following: ‘‘, and $30,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’. (b) PEDIATRIC QUALITY MEASURES PROGRAM .—Section 1139A(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a(i)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Out of any’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Out of any’’; (2) by striking ‘‘there is appropriated for each’’ and inserting ‘‘there is appropriated— ‘‘(A) for each’’; (3) by striking ‘‘, and there is appropriated for the period’’ and inserting ‘‘; ‘‘(B) for the period’’; (4) by striking ‘‘. Funds appropriated under this subsection shall remain available until expended.’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2023, $90,000,000 for the purpose of carrying out this section (other than subsections (e), (f), and (g)). ‘‘(2) AVAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated under this subsection shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2113 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘and $40,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘, $40,000,000’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘2017’’ the following: ‘‘, and $120,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2023’’. (b) MAKING ORGANIZATIONS THATUSEPARENT MENTORS ELIGIBLE TORECEIVE  GRANTS .—Section 2113(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘or communitybased doula programs’’ and inserting ‘‘, communitybased doula programs, or parent mentors’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) PARENT MENTOR .—The term ‘parent mentor’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is a parent or guardian of at least one child who is an eligible child under this title or title XIX; and ‘‘(B) is trained to assist families with children who have no health insurance coverage with respect to improving the social determinants of the health of such children, including by providing— ‘‘(i) education about health insurance coverage, including, with respect to obtaining such coverage, eligibility criteria and application and renewal processes; ‘‘(ii) assistance with completing and submitting applications for health insurance coverage; ‘‘(iii) a liaison between families and representatives of State plans under title XIX or State child health plans under this title; ‘‘(iv) guidance on identifying medical and dental homes and community pharmacies for children; and ‘‘(v) assistance and referrals to successfully address social determinants of children’s health, including poverty, food insufficiency, and housing.’’. (c) EXCLUSION FROM MODIFIED ADJUSTED  GROSS INCOME .—Section 1902(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)) is amended— (1) in the first paragraph (14), relating to income determined using modified adjusted gross income, by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) EXCLUSION OF PARENT MENTOR COM PENSATION FROM INCOME DETERMINATION .— Any nominal amount received by an individual as compensation, including a stipend, for participation as a parent mentor (as defined in paragraph (5) of section 2113(f)) in an activity or program funded through a grant under such section shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the income eligibility of such individual for medical assistance under the State plan or any waiver of such plan.’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘(14) EXCLUSION ’’ and inserting ‘‘(15) EXCLUSION ’’. 
SEC. 3005. EXTENSION AND REDUCTION OF ADDITIONAL FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION FOR CHIP. 
Section 2105(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(b)) is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘and during the period that begins on October 1, 2019, and ends on September 30, 2020, the enhanced FMAP determined for a State for a fiscal year (or for any portion of a fiscal year occurring during such period) shall be increased by 11.5 percentage points’’ after ‘‘23 percentage points,’’. 
Section 1941 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and, in accordance with subsection (b)(3), for the purposes of subparagraph (B) of such subsection’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘pursuant to paragraph (1)’’ after ‘‘in the Fund’’; (ii) by inserting after the first sentence the following sentence: ‘‘Amounts in the Fund pursuant to paragraph (3) shall be available in advance of appropriations but only if the total amount obligated from the Fund does not exceed the amount available to the Fund under such paragraph (3).’’; and (iii) in the last sentence, by striking ‘‘sentence’’ and inserting ‘‘sentences’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR STATE ACTIVI TIES RELATING TO MECHANIZED CLAIMS SYS TEMS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In addition to the amount made available under paragraph (1), there shall be available to the Fund, for expenditures from the Fund in accordance with subparagraph (B), for fiscal year 2023 and thereafter, $980,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
‘‘(B) P URPOSES .—The Secretary shall use amounts made available to the Fund under subparagraph (A) to pay to each State which has a plan approved under this title, for each quarter beginning during or after fiscal year 2023 an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) 100 percent minus the percent specified in clause (i) of section 1903(a)(3)(A) of so much of the sums expended by the State during such quarter as are attributable to the activities described in such clause; ‘‘(ii) 100 percent minus the Federal medical assistance percentage applied under clause (iii) of such section of so much of the sums expended during such quarter (as found necessary by the Secretary under such clause) by the State as are attributable to the activities described in such clause; and ‘‘(iii) 100 percent minus the percent specified in section 1903(a)(3)(B) of so much of the sums expended by the State during such quarter as are attributable to the activities described in such section.’’. DIVISION D—SUSPENSION OF CERTAIN HEALTHRELATED TAXES 
SEC. 4001. EXTENSION OF MORATORIUM ON MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4191(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 4002. DELAY IN IMPLEMENTATION OF EXCISE TAX ON HIGH COST EMPLOYER SPONSORED HEALTH COVERAGE. 
Section 9001(c) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 4003. SUSPENSION OF ANNUAL FEE ON HEALTH INSURANCE PROVIDERS. 
(b) I NGENERAL .—Section 9010(j) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1), (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘, and ending before January 1, 2019, and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) beginning after December 31, 2019.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2018. DIVISION E—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The budgetary effects of division C and each succeeding division shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010. (b) SENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of division C and each succeeding division shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress). (c) CLASSIFICATION OF BUDGETARY EFFECTS .—Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the committee of conference accompanying Conference Report 105217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of division C and each succeeding division shall not be estimated— (1) for purposes of section 251 of such Act; and (2) for purposes of paragraph (4)(C) of section 3 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 696, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. I rise this afternoon to present the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 195, the Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act of 2018. This critical legislation extends government funding through February 16. Our current funding expires tomorrow night, and if Congress does not pass this bill and the President does not sign it into law before then, the government will shut down. It is our congressional duty to prevent that from happening and to ensure that the American people have access to government programs and services they depend on. The additional time, just under a month, will allow congressional leadership and the White House to come to a final budget agreement. This legislation includes a very limited number of technical changes to ensure good governance. The bill also includes language to continue the Children’s Health Insurance Program through fiscal year 2023 to help sick children from lowincome families get better and to ensure they have healthy and happy futures. Additionally, this proposal extends several healthcarerelated tax provisions. Mr. Speaker, a continuing resolution is not the preferred way to conduct the Nation’s fiscal business, but at this point it is absolutely necessary to avoid a costly, destabilizing government shutdown. It is my hope that this will be the last continuing resolution, that leadership of the House and Senate and the White House will quickly come to an agreement on topline spending levels and that we can complete our appropriations work for fiscal year 2018 in short order. b1645 It is critical that we enact all 12 full year funding bills to ensure that our Armed Forces have the resources they need to accomplish their missions both at home and abroad and that our government supports and maintains programs that are important to the lives and livelihoods of all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this critical legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Since President Trump’s draconian budget was released, Democrats have warned Republicans that a bipartisan budget agreement was needed to adequately invest in American families and communities. Without a budget agreement, programs as diverse as Head Start, job training, and terrorism prevention grants are in danger of inadequate funding at best, yet Republican leadership and the White House have no appropriations strategy other than endless continuing resolutions. Mr. Speaker, the most powerful country in the world now being completely run by a Republican government can’t keep the lights on longer than 4 weeks at a time. How did we get here? If this bill passes, is there any reason to believe we will not be back in the same place next month? Stumbling from one crisis to another is an irresponsible way to govern. Attempting to avoid a shutdown every month denies Federal agencies budget certainty and wastes taxpayer dollars. Several of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have lamented the damage that the CRs inflict on our military. I agree with them, yet time after time, they vote for the exact same strategy they bemoan. I encourage my colleagues to take action; hasten agreements on immigration and spending caps that would lead to responsible funding bills that keep Americans safe. It is also unconscionable that, instead of helping advance a solution to this impasse, the President personally reneged on his word and rejected a bipartisan compromise on immigration. Protection of American teens and young adults from impending deportation to a country they don’t know is the key to unlocking a responsible, bipartisan spending agreement. How can we expect to ever fund the government responsibly when the President cannot be trusted to keep his word? The majority has failed to address a number of highpriority items, like funding to combat the opioid epidemic, pension protections, and funding for community health centers. The continuing resolution lacks an important anomaly requested by the administration to provide additional disaster loans for the Small Business Administration while the disaster supplemental is stalled in the Senate. Without this language, the Small Business Administration will run out of funds by the end of January and will be unable to continue approving loan applications from Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, this is not how the appropriations process is supposed to work. It is time to protect young Americans, lift budget caps, and allow Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and all of our committee members to roll up our sleeves and get to work. Instead of wasting dollars on time, on further CRs, we should, instead, immediately pass a budget agreement and help DREAMers, which would facilitate fullyear funding bills the committee could begin writing today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZBALART ), the chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill. This short resolution, this continuing resolution will give us time to negotiate it, but it addresses our Nation’s priorities. Let’s be very clear. If this does not pass now, go to the Senate, pass there and then sent to the President for his signature and signed, the Federal Government will shut down this week. So we all know, as the chairman said, that shortterm CRs, that is not something that we want to do. That is not our preference. But again, if this one does not pass now, the Federal Government will shut down. This is no time to shortchange our first responders, our military as we continue to recover from natural disasters in places all throughout our country and, again, respond to the threats that face us abroad. This is no time to shut down the Federal Government. The CR supports ongoing transportation safety missions, including air traffic control. Again, we cannot allow the government to shut down and put all of that in jeopardy. It allows us to continue to house the most vulnerable families, especially our veterans. This is not the time to let them down by shutting, again, the Federal Government down. It also funds medical care for millions of children, blocks burdensome health insurance taxes, and, again, supports missioncritical defense activities. This is not the time to let them all down and shut down the Federal Government. Finally, Mr. Speaker, this shortterm CR will allow us to work together to find common ground on, again, full year 2018 bills that meet both our defense and domestic priorities. Something else, Mr. Speaker. I want the country to know that we also have to deal, have to solve the issue of DACA. Both sides have been at fault for, in many cases, refusing to sit down in good faith to negotiate a solution. This CR gives us some time to make sure we solve that issue. It is not time now for political games and gamesmanship and politics. We need to be able to solve the issue of those young folks. We can’t do that if the government is shut down. It is time for leadership, for courage. Let’s sit down, work out our differences, help secure the border, and provide a solution for these deserving kids. For that reason and for so many others, Mr. Speaker, it is essential that we do not allow the Federal Government to shut down. Voting against this resolution is a vote to shut down the Federal Government. I believe that will be highly irresponsible, so I urge a strong ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we are now 4 months into the fiscal year and this is our fourth continuing resolution. The gentleman says now is the time to work things out. Every Democrat voted to extend the fiscal year by 90 days. Nothing was worked out. Why? Because you spent all your time on a tax bill giving 83 percent of the resources to the richest people in America. Republicans control all the levers of the legislative process: the House, the Senate, the White House. They have the votes on their own to keep the government open or choose to shut it down, as they did by policy some years ago for 16 days. We don’t want to shut down the government. Keeping the government open by passing appropriations bills is the most basic responsibility of any governing majority. This governing majority has not sent a single—not one—appropriation bill to the President of the United States, not one. Republicans ought to have gotten this work done in the spring and summer, but they wasted their time trying to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That is all they did. After failing to do so, they asked for more time in September, and we voted, every one of us, to give them that time. They squandered it. They had to do two more extensions. They squandered that time, and now they want us to have another time where they can squander more time. Instead of using the extra time to do the job of governing, they wasted it on passing a tax overhaul that added $1.5 trillion in new deficit spending and raised taxes on the middle class. So here we are again, Mr. Speaker. Americans are right to be frustrated by the inability or unwillingness of the Republicanled Congress to do its job and keep the government open. You have 241 votes. Get them. Get them. You have the authority to do it, and you have the responsibility to do it. Get the votes. Even some Republican lawmakers are openly expressing frustration with their own leadership. Let me quote Representative MARKMEADOWS . He hit the nail on the head yesterday when he asked: ‘‘What’s the plan? When are we going to deal with immigration?’’ The previous speaker talked about dealing with it. We haven’t dealt with it. Put something on the floor. You haven’t done it. ‘‘When are we going to deal with spending?’’ This is MARK MEADOWS . ‘‘At what point do you quit kicking the can down the road’’—this is MARK MEADOWS , Republican, not me—‘‘and passing just another continuing resolution in hopes that things get better in a few weeks?’’ Democrats don’t want the government to shut down. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. We don’t have the power to shut it down either. It is entirely in the hands of the majority. By the way, on that previous CR, 90 of your Members voted against it. Did they vote against the military? Did they vote against the first responders? Did they vote against education funding? And we wring our hands about the military funding. Do you think it is any easier to run a nondefense agency with a CR? You are wrong if you think that. They undermine our domestic agencies as well, and I hope that they are equally worried about the impact that doing one shortterm funding bill after another has on the domestic side. Americans are frustrated that their Congress can’t agree on what we agree on. Republicans have previously supported the principles of parity when raising spending caps. That was the PAULRYANdeal. He is the Speaker. He said, yes, we will increase military and domestic the same. That was his deal, PAULRYAN, the Speaker. That is all we are asking for, ‘‘PAUL RYAN, make your deal again,’’ and he won’t do it. Instead, he just wants to keep kicking the can down the road once, twice, thrice, now four times. Yes, we want, as the previous speaker said, all DREAMers to stay in this country. We all want to reauthorize the CHIP program to prevent 9 million children from losing their health insurance. I dare you to put it on the floor. It will pass with every vote in this House. No, you want to blackmail us into passing something that we don’t like and we don’t think is good for the country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we want to address other urgent health priorities as well. You want to pass CHIP, but you do not want to pass the community health centers. My colleague BETTY MCCOLLUM told us about that. Many CHIP children will have no place to go—you pass the bill, but no place to go. So why don’t Republicans sit down and reach agreement? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues across the aisle, don’t shut down the government. I implore them. Use your majority not to delay but to govern. And I tell them, Democrats are still ready to work with you, as we have 
been throughout, to sit down and reach bipartisan compromise on our most pressing challenges. We voted to give you 120 days to do that; now you want some more time. You come to the door and ask for some cake, and your neighbor says, ‘‘Come back tomorrow,’’ and you come back tomorrow and you ask for the same thing, and he says, ‘‘Come back tomorrow,’’ and you go back the next day, and he says the same thing, ‘‘Come back tomorrow.’’ That is what the Republicans are saying, ‘‘come back tomorrow,’’ ‘‘come back tomorrow,’’ ‘‘come back tomorrow,’’ but there has been no tomorrow. Vote against this CR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. b1700 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, you can tell from the previous speaker how eager our Democratic colleagues are to shut down this government: Get the votes to keep this government open because we won’t provide them; get the votes to keep funding our military and security, but we won’t provide them; get the votes to provide healthcare longterm for our children and families, because our Democratic colleagues won’t provide not one vote; get the votes to delay the damaging impact of ObamaCare taxes, the health insurance tax, the Cadillac tax, and medical device; you get those votes, Republicans, because we are not going to give you even one of them. These taxes are so damaging to our families, to our workers, and to our jobcreators, it is sending jobs out of America overseas. Get the votes, Republicans, because we claim we support this, we just won’t support it with our votes. It is regrettable because these are bipartisan issues, and politics are shutting this government down. I urge my Democratic colleagues to stand with Republicans on behalf of children, and families, and workers. Keep this government open. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member of the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, let me just say that our side hasn’t been consulted. The Republicans have 238 votes to pass anything here. They have the vast majority. You only need 218 votes, so if you wanted to pass it, you could do it right now. You could have done it a month ago, you could have done it 2 months ago, you could have done it 3 months ago. But there is something fundamentally wrong on that side of the aisle, and, of course, you have to deal with the other body where you hold a majority, and you can’t get it done there either. Now, in football, you would call this fumbling the ball. In baseball, you would call it flubbing the ball. Honestly, if you can’t consult with our side of the aisle, why would you expect anybody would want to work with you anyway? You treat us like we are from, I don’t know, Borneo. Why would you think we would want to vote for something that we can’t agree with because of its essential unfairness? I really can’t understand why you are putting the Republic through all these contortions. You don’t have a budget. You know, we have been asking for a budget, and you don’t make decisions about departments until you have a budget because you might underfund one department or overfund another department, so we want to do this in a very orderly way. But our Republican friends appear to hope the government will function with no road map. Are they really asleep behind the wheel of the car? They are sure careening, and they might even hit a brick wall. If the Republicans cannot put together a framework agreement for a vote this week, it is safe to say they have fumbled and flubbed every opportunity they have had. It reminds me of the old Looney Tunes character Elmer Fudd. They can’t even catch Bugs Bunny when he is staring them right in the face. They aren’t making progress and, indeed, are losing ground. There was hope on September 8, when we voted the first time for a shortterm extension, that you could actually reach agreement. But here it is, the brand new year, and we still don’t have agreement. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. I yield the gentlewoman from Ohio an additional 30 seconds. Ms. KAPTUR. So here we are, January 18, 2018, 1 day before the risk of another shutdown, and their fiddling is unprecedented. Don’t have a budget framework; can’t make decisions; don’t consult with our side. Why should we be in a helpful mood? We were always told Republicans are stern taskmasters. Not only have they failed to pass a budget, now they have added a trillion more dollars to the deficit and the longterm debt because they wanted to give tax giveaways to all their donors. I urge my colleagues to oppose this sinking effort and demand action for a final, fullyear funding plan. That is what is responsible. That is essential, and that is what the American people expect. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are again reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I am not quite sure what the people of Borneo did to deserve the wrath of my colleague from Ohio, but perhaps she can explain later to them. But here is the deal. The Energy and Commerce Committee did work across the aisle, or attempted to, to fully fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program, to fully fund community health centers, to fully fund extenders; and, at every step of the way, when my colleagues and friends from the other side of the aisle asked me to stop and work with them, we tried. We couldn’t reach full agreement on the payfors at the time, but we tried, and we worked in good faith with each other. Fifteen Democrats on the House floor voted to extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program for a full 5 years. By the way, that equals the longest extension and the most generous funding to help children and pregnant women that has ever been done for that program. We sent it over to the Senate. Unfortunately, they couldn’t find agreement; so we came back, and we kept extending it. By the way, the Democratic leader of the House, Mr. Speaker, Ms. PELOSI , said what we are doing today, by putting full funding for Children’s Health Insurance Program for the longest extension in the history of the program, a full 6 years, is, and I quote, sadly: ‘‘A bowl of doggydoo, put a cherry on top and call it a chocolate sundae.’’ Is that what this has devolved to? We have an opportunity today, with the help and leadership of the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, to fully fund our States’ Children’s Health Insurance Program for not 5 years but a full 6 years. This is the longest extension in the history at the strongest funding level in history. So when you vote ‘‘no’’ today, as you all apparently are going to do, you are voting to close the government and deny our States, but, more importantly, the children and pregnant women, access to children’s health insurance. The cancelations that go out, the notices, are on your terms. Let me tell you what the children’s hospitals have said to Congress: ‘‘Kids cannot wait, fund CHIP now.’’ ‘‘Congress has a chance to pass a longterm extension of CHIP that will provide security for millions of kids. The continuing resolution being considered by Congress includes a 6year extension of CHIP. Children’s hospitals support a longterm extension of CHIP and urge Congress to take this opportunity to pass CHIP this week. The time is now to extend funding for this lifeline millions of children and their families count on every day.’’ That is children’s hospitals. Can’t we put the partisan divide aside and at least fund children’s health insurance for children and pregnant women in this country and keep the government open? That is the question before us today. The question before us today is: Do you want to keep the government open 
and the services provided and 6 years of full funding for children’s health insurance and pregnant women, or will you vote against it? It is as simple as that. The rest is just political rhetoric. So let’s fund CHIP. Let’s take care of our families and kids and keep the government open. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members once again are reminded to please address their remarks to the Chair. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the wellinformed ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have the greatest respect for my Republican chairman from Oregon, but he just forgets completely, as so many speakers on the GOP side have, that they are in the majority, and they have a significant majority. They can do whatever they want. For him to suggest that somehow he can’t bring up a CHIP bill that also includes all these other health programs he mentioned, the community health centers—I could also mention all the Medicare extenders that are not included in this bill. This bill basically either lets expire or continues to expire so many things that are important for the health of the American people, not only the community health centers, which expire in a few weeks; not only the Medicare extenders, which includes the therapy caps for seniors and Medicare; the home visiting program for seniors; the special diabetes program; the teaching health centers; the National Health Service Corps; all of these things; also, the safety net hospitals. As of January 1, the DSH or safety net programs for all these hospitals around the country that have to take care of so many poor people, that funding has expired and they have actually had to cut the funding. So how do you stand up here and say to me and the American people that somehow you care about these things, you want to deal with these things? You are not dealing with these things. What are you doing here again? Once again, you are bringing a bill to the floor that has all kinds of repeal of taxes. I don’t even want to get into the deal. These are the taxes that help fund the Affordable Care Act, the medical device tax; there are several of them. All you do here is bring up tax cuts, or tax repeals, and now you are trying to give the impression, because you have the 6year reauthorization for CHIP and have eliminated funding and help for all of these healthcare programs, that somehow you care. Well, when the kids that get the CHIP funding can’t go to a community health center or can’t go to a hospital because they are suffering and don’t have the funding, where do they go? We know that CHIP is a great program, but many of the kids who have the insurance under CHIP have to go to community health centers. And all I hear from my community health centers and other teaching hospitals is they are ready to send out the pink slips. They may have to close. They are not sure they can help these people. So it is a complete joke to suggest that somehow you care. You have the votes; you can do whatever you want. You are not doing it. Sure, I also agree that DACA, the DREAMers, are going to suffer because that is not being addressed either. But the main thing I want to stress is, you are not addressing all these other healthcare programs that are just as important as CHIP, just as important, and make CHIP essentially not viable because they are not being addressed. So please don’t suggest to me that you care. The right vote here is to vote against this CR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are again reminded to please address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ), the vice chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from the Garden State of New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), my good friend, just told you all the things that weren’t in this bill that he wished were. My distinguished chairman, Mr. WALDEN , just whispered in my ear that we have put everything you talked about in bills, subcommittee, full committee, and on the floor, and you voted against them every time this year, every time. Now, where I come from, you vote for what is in the bill, not what is not in the bill. I wished we had a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution in this bill. I wish we fully funded our military for the rest of the year in this bill. I wish we, by an act of Congress, gave Texas A&M the national championship in football in this bill. That is not going to happen. What is in this bill? We fully fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program for every State of the Union and the territories for 6 years; never been done before. Fully fund children’s health insurance for every State and territory in the Union for 6 years, at existing levels, and it increases each year for the next 6 years. It is fully paid for, fully offset. Not every Democrat, but almost every Democrat, has voted against that already twice, and if they vote against it this evening, they will vote against it for the third time. I am the manager of the Republican baseball team. If you strike, if you miss it three times, it normally means you are out. I hope that some of my friends on the minority side will, tonight, vote with us to fund SCHIP and to fund the government for the next month. I am one of the Republicans who support DACA. I am on the Dream Act. I am also on the Republican alternative. I would love to vote for DACA, but the deadline for DACA is not until March. The SCHIP programs expired in September. We need to pass this CR and send it to the Senate. Vote ‘‘yes.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members once again are reminded to please address their remarks to the Chair. b1715 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation, which ignores the urgent need of the American people. The Federal Government’s fiscal year started October 1 of last year. But instead of fulfilling their responsibility to fund our government in a timely manner, President Trump and the Republicans spent months working to pass their tax scam. Now, because they didn’t do their jobs, Mr. Speaker, Republicans are asking us to vote to kick the can down the road again. This is no way to run a government. The American people deserve immediate action on the critical issues that matter to our country. We need a budget agreement in order to do that. We need to keep our government open. We need to protect our national security, and we need to meet the needs of our community and these hardworking families. We need to protect workers’ pensions by enacting responsible reforms that will save struggling pension plans. We need to provide disaster relief to our fellow Americans who were hit hard by hurricanes and wildfires last year. We need to reauthorize the Special Diabetes Program, which funds treatment and prevention programs for Native Americans. And, yes, we need to pass a Dream Act, which protects children from President Trump’s cruel termination of DACA. The American people overwhelmingly support these priorities, but you won’t find them in this bill. Instead, Republicans have turned this CR into a tax bill that has provisions that didn’t make it in their original tax plan. While this legislation does finally reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, it abandons our community health centers, where parents take their children to get the care that they need. Make no mistake, this bill will cause layoffs at clinics, which means fewer people in my district throughout Minnesota will get the care that they need. Mr. Speaker, the Republican Party has total control in Washington, but instead of working for the American people, President Trump and his allies in Congress are ignoring them. 
Minnesotans and Americans deserve a better deal than the one that they are getting from this Republican Congress. It is time for President Trump and the Republicans to end the chaos, to truly work across the aisle to find ways that we can fund this government responsibly, and to address our national priorities. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), the chairman of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. Here it is in a nutshell: Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN saw to it that we passed all 12 of the appropriations bills and sent them to the Senate, where not a single one has been allowed to come to the floor because of Democratic Senators who profess they want to keep the government going but vote ‘‘no.’’ And because the Democrats in the Senate have barred the consideration of any of these bills, here we are. We have no choice but to vote for this bill if we want to keep the government open. It is the only game in town. And those on the other side who profess they want to keep the government going today will vote ‘‘no.’’ I don’t understand that logic. Mr. Speaker, this is the only chance we have to keep the government operating to be sure that the American taxpayers’ money is being spent properly and adequately, but for the purpose of keeping our government open. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and let’s move on. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the ranking member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this continuing resolution. It is staggering that yet again we are punting one of our core obligations as a Congress: funding government programs. We should be negotiating spending levels for 2018 for both defense spending and nondefense spending. We should have spent the last few months fulfilling our responsibility as legislators by writing bipartisan bills to fund programs that help working families and the middle class and the vulnerable, to support evidencebased scientific research, and to help working people get the skills they need to find good jobs with good wages. Instead, Republicans have continued their irresponsible trend of continuing resolution after continuing resolution. They fail to govern. They create chaos. This bill fails to support community health centers, which serve as the primary healthcare provider for over 27 million people, including disproportionately rural and lowincome populations. In 2016, over 376,000 patients across Connecticut received care at the Connecticut Community Health Center. They cut taxes for insurance companies while failing to fund community health centers. It is shameful. They won’t work with Democrats to set budget numbers and ensure parity for defense and nondefense spending. They put services and investments critical to families and our communities at risk; from apprenticeships to education for students with disabilities, to childcare, to afterschool programs that help working families make ends meet, and to financial aid for students attending college. They include an extension for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, but they cut out the Medicare extenders and other healthcare programs. But they should be ashamed of the months of fear and turmoil they have caused to children and their families who will be unable to get help at community healthcare centers. They had the time to cram a tax scam through the Congress before the end of the year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Connecticut. Ms. DELAURO. Yet, for the vulnerable children, we have dragged our feet for months. Shameful. Let me just say, the President Trump and the Republican majority who try to cast the blame for this shutdown on the Democrats—let me just remind this body and the American people that 9 months ago the President said: Our country needs a good shutdown in September to fix this mess. Well, the President may get what he wants and what he desires as a government shutdown, but it is not because of the Democrats. It is because of the intractability of the Republican majority in this House and this administration to move forward on behalf of the American people. It is not the Democrats. President Trump has called for a shutdown of this government. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee’s Subcommittee on Energy. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I would just remind the prior speaker that, in fact, the President issued a Statement of Administration Policy in support of this bill, which keeps the government open. But I also rise in support of this bill and in strong support of a 6year, long term funding for CHIP. We all came to Congress to fight for our district, and particularly our kids. The Michigan CHIP serves nearly 40,000 kids, and if CHIP isn’t reauthorized long term, it is going to be disastrous for our communities, which is why they are depending on us, which is why it is in this bill. Mr. Speaker, back in 2015, I helped broker the bipartisan, bicameral deal that led us to the last reauthorization of CHIP. It wasn’t easy, but we got there by working together. Over the course of the past year, we have been steadfast in our resolve to reauthorize CHIP. In our committee, we worked tirelessly to advance commonsense legislation that is going to extend CHIP, as well as community health centers. Last November, we passed the comprehensive bill on the House floor. Later in the year, we passed a CR that included shortterm funding for CHIP. Mr. Speaker, this bill does that. I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this continuing resolution, which is, yet again, a complete abdication of our responsibilities. Instead of adopting fully funded appropriations bills or an omnibus with an actual chance of passing this Congress, we are mired in this unbreakable habit of passing continuing resolutions. The Republicans’ most recent proposal does nothing to renew funding for the more than 1,400 community health centers across the country or the 25 million Americans they serve after they let funding run out in September. According to the National Association of Community Health Centers, if Congress does not act soon, 28,000 sites could close, 50,000 staff could be laid off, and 9 million Americans could lose access to care. When did this program, which has always had bipartisan support in this body, become a partisan issue? These abdications are simply immoral. Our Republican colleagues say: We don’t have the money to fund these programs, but somehow they were silent on that issue when they gave a handout to giant corporations that add more than $1.5 trillion to the deficit. While their donors rested peacefully over the holidays knowing that their tax cuts were safe, Republicans continued to torment 800,000 hardworking young people by refusing to pass the Dream Act. 122 DREAMers lose their protected status every day, and Republicans have not been brave enough to do what is right. These courageous individuals are teaching in our schools, working in our communities, and serving in our military. I have had the privilege of meeting DREAMers in south Florida and in the Halls of this Capitol. Their hopes and hard work signify what is best about America, and by any reasonable definition, they are Americans. This is their home. 
It is past time for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work on a bipartisan spending package that promotes the middle class, protects DREAMers, and finally assures the American people that their government is working. I simply will not support any spending bill that fails to do so. Make no mistake, Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. A government shutdown will land squarely in their lap. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the decision to attach a 6year extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program, as this is much overdue. CHIP, which is known as PeachCare for Kids in Georgia, has been a very successful program in covering the medical needs in our State. However, this isn’t the first time we have tried to extend this program that is so vital to children all across our country. We passed legislation out of the Energy and Commerce Committee addressing a longterm fix in October. We then passed it in the House in November. We funded a shortterm fix in December. It is time our colleagues across the aisle quit holding children’s healthcare hostage. Now is the time to pass this and continue discussions on community health centers, graduate medical education programs, and other extenders. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN , Chairman B URGESS , and my colleagues from the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work. I urge my colleagues to pass this and help our Nation’s children. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, this habit of shortterm funding extensions and kicking the can down the road—I heard that a few times—are irresponsible and have to stop. We need a long term funding bill. Democrats have come to the table and offered bipartisan solutions. Republicans have dismissed them. Let’s put a bill to help the DREAMers on the floor. This leadership is acting out of fear, and their intransigence and incompetence is going to lead to a shutdown. Instead of using 9 million kids as a bargaining chip, I bet the majority could pass a permanent children’s health extension today. There are 9 million children at risk of losing health coverage, 200,000 of them in my home State of New Jersey, and we could save $6 billion. I cannot believe that this bill has an unpaidfor delay of the medical device tax, Mr. Speaker. That was part of the Affordable Care Act. That industry agreed to pay that tax. We just did a tax bill for corporations that added over $2 trillion in deficit. Last I checked, medical device companies are corporations. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. What are we doing putting it in place in a tax law and a budget bill now and then a month later? Just this week, The New York Times ran a piece titled: ‘‘Can Your Hip Replacement Kill You?’’ The article describes a man named Dr. Stephen Tower, who was given an artificial hip with a defect in the device. It is in your bill. Doctors had to do a second surgery. They found cobalt leaking from the device, causing a condition called metallosis, destroying muscle, tendons, ligaments, harming Dr. Tower’s heart and brain as well. Despite Dr. Tower’s complaints to colleagues and the manufacturer, they continued to market it. How dare the Speaker of the House question why we want DACA in this legislation when he has got a bill that—32 million Americans use medical devices. There is no Federal FDA test for most of those devices. b1730 They have got the court, they bribed doctors, and it is in your bill, but we could not take care of those 800,000 people. Mr. Speaker, we need a different issue. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislative package to fund the government and to authorize CHIP, the longest such authorization for CHIP ever. Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN secured passage of all 12 appropriations bills before the beginning of the new fiscal year on October 1. It is the Democrats in the Senate who have refused to permit these bills to come to the floor. No good explanation has been given as to why that occurred. Chairman WALDEN brought through the Energy and Commerce Committee a CHIP reauthorization package that passed this House in November. We must continue to ensure governmental operations such as paying our troops on time and making sure our homeland security apparatus is fully operational. The CHIP portion of this bill is a major accomplishment. Nine million lowincome children depend on CHIP, and the Congressional Budget Office estimates that CHIP will actually save taxpayer funds in the long run. Let’s keep the government open, and let’s fund CHIP. Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong bipartisan vote in favor of this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, we are back again for the third continuing resolution this fiscal year. This makes no sense, and it is no way to govern. And let me be clear and repeat what my colleagues have said: Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House, but they just can’t seem to pass a real budget. If Republicans want Democratic votes, they need to have our priorities reflected in that budget—priorities like protecting the American Dream for 1.5 million DACA recipients with the Dream Act, thousands of young people who fear deportation because of the cruel termination of the DACA program; priorities like community health centers and protecting the retirement savings of working families; priorities like addressing the opioid epidemic that ravages our communities; priorities like infrastructure, and education, and real healthcare protections for everyone. So if the Republican majority—yes, the majority—shuts down the government because they won’t look to get our Democratic priorities addressed, then they will have to answer to communities across the country who are looking for a permanent budget, not something that kicks the can down the road for another few weeks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, this is not a real solution. We will not substitute one family’s pain for another’s gain. This is about the lives and livelihoods of millions of people. It is about the soul of our country, and Americans deserve a better deal. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New Jersey for allowing me to join this important debate. My friends on the other side are showing why the people, the American people, like root canals, head lice, and colonoscopies more than Congress. In a brazen act that hurts our youth in poverty, congressional Democrats are going to vote against basic healthcare for these needy kids. The CHIP program is their only choice for their health. Nearly half a million young Texans depend upon SCHIP. It expired September 30 of this year. This bill we vote on tonight will extend SCHIP for 6 more years. Mr. Speaker, I beg my colleagues, listen to your heart, to your soul, and the voice of these kids who want basic healthcare. Vote for SCHIP today. Vote for the CR. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Florida (Mr. B ILIRAKIS ). Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WALDEN and Chairman BURGESS for all of the hard work they put into reauthorizing CHIP. This is a 6year reauthorization of the CHIP program, the longest CHIP reauthorization Congress has ever passed. The House already passed a full CHIP authorization last year. By the way, we also reauthorized the community health centers. Most Democrats voted against that. Democrats need to put politics aside and support the bill for the sake of our children. CHIP reauthorization will ensure funding for 200,000 children in Florida’s CHIP program. In addition, this bill has my legislation that protects CHIP buyin programs. This allows children who aren’t eligible for traditional CHIP to buy into the CHIP program. It makes sense. Inconsistent guidance from CMS jeopardized these buyin programs. This bill will provide clarity and protect about 12,000 children in the State of Florida who participate in the buyin program. Mr. Speaker, I support this particular bill. Please, let’s reauthorize CHIP for the sake of our children. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 195 which continues funding the government through February 16. It pays our troops and provides for a 6year extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Thirtysix percent of the children in my district are covered under CHIP, and I am pleased to support this legislation to ensure that they continue to have access to care that has been delayed by obstructionist Democrats in this body and over in the Senate. While I support passage of this bill, I want to draw attention to the fact that there are other important provisions that have previously passed this House, yet have fallen by the wayside as Members sought a compromise on the final bill. I will go through those in a minute. Again, I am pleased that we are passing a bill that continues funding for the government, pays for our troops, and extends funding for the CHIP program. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues, though, not to forget other important health initiatives that must be addressed, and I hope they will join me in seeing that these initiatives are again taken up after passage of the bill. Those provisions that need to be considered include two of my bills: first, the Youth Empowerment Act which empowers youth to make healthy decisions; and secondly, language from the Health Coverage State Flexibility Act also needs to be continued. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), chairwoman of the Ethics Committee. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the CR, in part, because we need to extend CHIP, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, for the 104,000 children in Indiana who currently rely on the program. We must provide longer term stability to CHIP, and we have the opportunity to do so here today. CHIP is crucial for families who would otherwise slip through the cracks. Their income disqualifies them from traditional Medicaid, but it is not high enough to afford family health insurance. CHIP provides children with comprehensive health and dental services, and it has helped decrease the rate of uninsured children in Indiana to an alltime low of 5 percent. The families of these 104,000 children in Indiana rely on CHIP and, this 6 year reauthorization will grant States the muchneeded certainty in administering CHIP for American children across the country and stability for the Hoosier families who depend on the program. Furthermore, today’s CR includes a 2year relief from the medical device tax. America tops the world in medical innovation, and relief from this tax will further reinforce this leadership. The previous 2year suspension of this damaging tax has allowed device companies, many of which call Indiana home, to invest in research and development and invest in highquality, highpaying jobs and medical innovation, all to the benefit of patients who need them the most. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the CR. Not only does it provide longterm stability for CHIP and relief from the medical device tax, but it also provides government funding through February 16 to prevent a shutdown. Like Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , I hope this will provide the time we need to complete the fiscal year 2018 appropriations bills. Voting ‘‘yes’’ today is the right thing to do. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the Children’s Health Insurance Program provides health coverage to lowincome children and pregnant women who have an annual income above the Medicaid eligibility levels but have no health insurance. It provides care, in other words, Mr. Speaker, for some of the most vulnerable families in our Nation. It covers nearly 5,000 children in my home State. In fact, in fiscal year 2016, North Dakota received $19 million in CHIP funding. I encourage all of my colleagues to now support this important program that has historically had bipartisan support. I also want to urge my colleagues to quickly take up funding for community health centers, the special diabetes program, and other health programs that require extension. Community health centers in North Dakota are already feeling the negative effects of this funding uncertainty, particularly in hiring and leasing decisions. Mr. Speaker, we must not vote ‘‘no’’ on this CR because of what is not in the bill, but we must vote ‘‘yes’’ because what is in the bill is critical to the health of our children. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, we need to keep the government open, and we need to keep the government funded, and we need to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Now, in the Energy and Commerce Committee, we passed CHIP, reauthorized for 5 years out of committee in October. We passed it out of the full House in November. We are now back to authorize it for a full 6 years. We do not need any additional payfors. This will help 177,000 children in Pennsylvania and millions across the country. CHIP funding will be exhausted next month in Pennsylvania. Right now, some States already face a shortfall in their funding as the program has not yet been fully reauthorized for all of fiscal year 2018. It is past time that we provide a longterm solution and stability for families who depend on this quality, affordable coverage. I have heard from so many constituents—I have heard from many Democrats—urging us to reauthorize CHIP. Tonight, we have a vote to keep the government open and to reauthorize CHIP. The right vote on this bill is a ‘‘yes’’ vote. That is the vote I will be taking on behalf of my constituents and this country. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I commend her for her great leadership as our ranking member on the Appropriations Committee—as we say, the almighty powerful Appropriations Committee on which I was proud to serve with the gentleman, Mr. FRELING HUYSEN , and Congresswoman L OWEY . Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed, though, that the legislation that is brought to the floor today falls so very short of our responsibilities to the 
American people. When it comes to considering this bill, which the Republicans are bragging supports CHIP, it is important to review the facts. The facts are these: the CHIP proposal that the Republicans boast was on the floor in October, this or that, was funded by taking money from other children’s programs, and that is why it was not to be supported by us. It is also important to remember that the CHIP reauthorization expired September 30. b1745 So here we are with our fourth continuing resolution. That means, on September 30, we were supposed to not only reauthorize CHIP but to pass an omnibus bill to fund the government. Republicans were not able to make the decisions necessary to do that, so we had one extension, another extension, another extension. This is the fourth extension. Now, for somebody who doesn’t know what a CR is, that is our Washington lingo. It is a continuing resolution. What it says is that the funding for the country will be continued at the same rate as it was in the previous year regardless of the fact that other challenges have emerged. So, by engaging in the failure to pass an omnibus bill and engage instead in these shortterm continuing resolutions, this inadequacy does not give certainty to our military. General Mattis has told us that the military cannot go on these every2weeks, everymonth CRs. We need to know. We need to have an omnibus that recognizes the full complement of our needs, and they are different from last year. It does not fund the fight against opioid addiction. We have talked about this. We have authorized language. We have put up some money. But throughout our country, there is an opioid epidemic that needs to be addressed with full funding for it—not just conversation or rhetoric, but funding. It does not address some of the crises facing our veterans, whether it is their infrastructure, housing, whatever, or additional funding that is needed for our veterans over and above whatever it was last year, and this ignores that need. It ignores the fact that we have some issues that we have to address regarding endangered pensions in our country, which have a direct relationship to the economic wellbeing of America’s working families, pensions paid into, pensions having a shortfall, to honor the responsibility. It doesn’t protect the DREAMers. We could protect the DREAMers in all of this, but it is missing an opportunity. This takes us right back to the CHIP. It does not fund community health centers that provide primary care for 27 million Americans. So these priorities are bipartisan. Nothing I mentioned on this list is anything that does not have bipartisan support in the Congress, that has not been openly discussed—bipartisanship, transparency, unity—unifying us around these issues. We did not put priorities forward that were partisan, but those that had bipartisan—strong bipartisan—support. So when our colleagues come to the floor and say, ‘‘Oh, we are doing CHIP,’’ CHIP is a wonderful initiative. It was one of the first bills that I passed and sent to President Obama when I was Speaker of the House. This is of high value to all of us on both sides of the aisle, but not high enough of a value to put it in its proper context. So this reauthorization of CHIP that they are putting here, this funding for CHIP is not really funding. Let me just make a distinction. We wanted 10 years for CHIP, to make it permanent—so we don’t have to go through this—and remove all doubt, remove the uncertainty as to whether this healthcare would be available to those children who need it. We said, 10 years, you save $6 billion; $6 billion, you save. You do 6 years, as in this bill, you save $1 billion. Why wouldn’t we want to save $6 billion? Nonetheless, my concern is that they chose to bring a bill to the floor that isolates CHIP away from the other essentials that are a part of the delivery of that healthcare service to children. It does not reauthorize community health centers which provide, as I say, vital care to 26 million Americans. It does not extend the Medicare extenders so necessary, especially for our seniors with home visiting care and other initiatives. It does not address the Medicaid DSH, disproportionate share challenge that is across America. Ask your friends in rural America, especially, about that. Therapy services, diabetes, and teaching health centers for primary care doctors, all are completely out of this bill. That is why I am so proud of the legislation introduced by Congressman MCEACHIN today which has the full complement. It is nothing additional. It is how we have always proceeded with the priority of children’s health in a package that is about family health and delivery of service. As the President, himself, tweeted this morning: ‘‘CHIP should be part of a longterm solution, not a 30day or shortterm extension.’’ We like it 10 years; they have it 6 years. But it shouldn’t be in this bill because this bill is sort of a halfbaked facade to make it look as if we are keeping government open. We are keeping government debilitated by not addressing, coming to agreement on the omnibus bill that we know that we have to do that addresses the needs of our military, as it recognizes the security provisions in the domestic bill that are about security, whether it is the State Department, Veterans Affairs, homeland security, or antiterrorism activities of the Justice Department; and also, the fact that the strength of our country is measured in many ways: certainly, our military, which we are very proud of, and the agencies I mentioned, but also in the health, education, and wellbeing of the American people. So we are here. What does government do? Government does transportation. How can you, if you are in the Transportation Department, make commitments when you are on a short fuse of—what is it?—2 weeks in December, now 4 weeks that they want to go forward. Why don’t we just settle it? Grow up. Take responsibility. Get this done for the American people. Nobody I know wants a shutdown of government—well, maybe except for the President, who said, ‘‘Our country needs a good shutdown.’’ He said that in May. I think with his experience as President now, he probably knows there is no such thing as a good shutdown. We don’t want a shutdown. By the way, if there is one, this would be the first time there would be a shutdown in recent history that took place when one party had the White House, had the Senate, and had the House of Representatives, had full responsibility for managing and for leveraging, for getting the job done to fund our country for another year with certainty. This has 2year provisions in what we are negotiating with the Republicans. So, really, coming to the floor and hiding behind CHIP to hide the shortcomings and the lack of taking responsibility for our responsibilities to the American people is really a sad thing. That is why Mr. MCEACHIN ’s bill and our previous question, which had the full complement to make CHIP really work, was the way to go. Sadly, although I object to the process of one shortterm continuing resolution of last year instead of looking to the future for next year—I disapprove of that process—the substance of this legislation makes it totally unacceptable, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in full support of this funding extension, which includes a vital, long term reauthorization of the State Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. This bill provides the longest extension in the history of the CHIP program and provides security for millions of kids and pregnant mothers. It is important to remember the House has already acted responsibly three times to extend CHIP. In November, this Chamber passed the CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS Act on a bipartisan vote. The bill not only would have extended CHIP for 5 years, but it also addressed other important public health programs like federally qualified health centers. Regretfully, partisanship and political gamesmanship left that bill to languish in the Senate. My constituents remain frustrated that the majority of my Democratic 
colleagues in this Chamber have voted three times against CHIP. The delays and posturing are inexcusable. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Michigan an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I hope everyone in the House votes to pass this extension today so we can get to work on quickly reauthorizing community health centers and other important public health priorities. I encourage my colleagues to put aside the political games, vote ‘‘aye’’ on the bill—the only correct vote—and then tell the Senate to do the right thing as well. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), who is the ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I am amazed when I hear my Republican colleagues talk about how they brought CHIP to the floor and they brought community health centers to the floor. What they forget to mention is that every time they did that, they included payfors, in other words, funding measures that would basically sabotage the Affordable Care Act. We have seen a concerted effort not only to try to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which failed, but then to do everything possible to make it more difficult for people to get their health insurance. We know that in the tax plan—or tax scam—that they passed a few weeks ago that they were so determined to spend all their time on that, what did they do? They eliminated the mandate that people have health insurance. The CBO estimates that there will be 13 million Americans, over the next few years, who will lose that health insurance. When they talked about CHIP in those previous times, what did they do? They put in provisions that cut the Prevention Fund that funds all the programs for children. They put in a provision that said that, if you didn’t pay your health insurance within 30 days, you would lose it. CBO estimated that something like half a million Americans would lose their insurance because of that provision. They put in provisions that said that people who got their Medicare had to pay more for it—pay even 100 percent— depending upon their income. They have done everything possible to sabotage the healthcare system. For them to get up and say, ‘‘Oh, we care about kids; we care about community health centers,’’ nothing is further from the truth because everything has been done to sabotage the healthcare system. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the great State of Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), who is the chairwoman of the House Republican Conference. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we are about to face a very critical deadline in many States, including my home State of Washington. CHIP funding will run out. More than 60,000 kids in my State count on CHIP and need certainty. This funding bill reauthorizes CHIP for 6 years, the longest extension in the program’s history. Now Democrats are threatening to hold this up again for a DACA deal. Now, to be clear, I want a DACA deal, too, and I am disappointed that we don’t have one yet, but that is no reason to punish children across the country. Today we are voting to prioritize our Nation’s children, and it is time for the Democrats to join us. I also want to take this opportunity to stress the importance of reauthorizing the Teaching Health Center Graduate Medical Education Program, which expired in September. These centers face a looming deadline of January 31 to decide whether or not to recruit their July 2018 classes. Without a longterm solution, the centers across our country cannot make the important decisions that will affect the lives of hundreds of residents. Unfortunately, one teaching health center in Memphis has already made that decision. They closed their doors earlier this year, leaving 25 residents without a place to continue their medical training and reducing patient access to care. Although reauthorization of the Teaching Health Center Graduate Medical Education Program was not included in this bill, we must get this done as soon as possible. I look forward to working with the chairman and the committee moving forward, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this 6 year reauthorization of CHIP. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute to close. Mr. Speaker, Congress has a responsibility to invest in initiatives to defend the country and grow the economy. Instead of continuing down a rudderless path of CR after CR, we must pass a bipartisan budget agreement and protect DREAMers, which will enable the Appropriations Committee to responsibly write fullyear funding bills. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1800 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, for his hard work and cooperation on this legislation. The choice before us today is actually very, very simple. It is a choice the American people are watching. The choice is: Do you fund the government while you work out the other differences, or do you close the government? It is a binary choice. It is not about all the other things I would like in this bill or you would like in this bill. The choice before us today is to keep the government open or close the government. Whether you are Republican or Democrat, if you vote ‘‘no,’’ you are voting not to keep the government open. It is that simple. The other choice before us today is: Do you want to fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program for the millions and millions of children and pregnant women across America? That funding, while we have had emergency extensions, literally is about to run out in a matter of days. It will run out. The choice tonight for this body and every Member, regardless of party, is: Do you want to fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program for children and for pregnant women? There are 122,700 Oregonians on this program. There are millions across America in our districts. They don’t like the fact that we are having this fight, but they know the fact is that it is a ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ vote. That is why the children’s hospitals have said: Please take this bill and fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Take us out of your fight. What we are voting on tonight is a 6 year fully funded Children’s Health Insurance Program. A ‘‘yes’’ vote says you are for it. A ‘‘no’’ vote says: I will take a pass. Somebody else can carry this program. I am not going to do it. Well, I am doing it because I support the Children’s Health Insurance Program, just as I support the community health centers, just as I support the teaching hospitals, just as I support the other extenders. By the way, your Energy and Commerce Committee, through regular order, provided a path forward for all of those essential health services. Yes, we took the heavy lift to fund them. You heard a couple of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talk about: Oh, they took money out of this fund or took money out of that fund. The Prevention Fund is funded every year, by law. It is up to the appropriators to decide how those funds are spent. Using some of the Prevention Fund to fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program and community health centers and the other programs seems like a pretty good investment for an otherwise unallocated batch of money. So we used a bit of that. Then you heard the scare tactic the Democrats always use: Medicare. Let me tell you what this specific payfor is. It is one that former President Barack Obama wanted to use even further than what we did. What we said is: If you are making $500,000 a year, we are going to ask you 
to pay roughly $137 more in your Medicare part B and D, which, by the way, is just your share. The government is still going to subsidize 75 percent of that. It is still a very good deal. We figure that somebody who is making $500,000 a year could afford a little more, so we can pay for community health centers for the poor and the Children’s Health Insurance Program for those who need it. That is the pay for you have heard about. When we brought the fully funded bill for 5 years for the Children’s Health Insurance Program and 2 years for community health centers and save our DSH hospitals—those are the ones, by the way, that take care of the poorest among us—15 Democrats voted with us and I think two or three Republicans voted ‘‘no,’’ and we sent that bill to the Senate. We did our job in this House in a bipartisan way. Now we need to do that job again, because the Senate hasn’t acted. They couldn’t get enough Democrats there to support the proposal in the Senate. So we are back here. But the choice is a clear one: shut down the government and don’t fund CHIP; or keep the government open and fund CHIP. That is the choice before us tonight that we need to make. Now, we have heard all kinds of rhetoric on this floor and out in the public about this is somehow a cherry on top of dog doodoo. Sorry to use those words, but they are the ones that the gentlewoman from San Francisco used in the press. I find it offensive. It is unnecessary. It doesn’t help bring us together. When you vote ‘‘no,’’ you vote to shut the government down and you vote against the Children’s Health Insurance Program. This bill fully funds the Children’s Health Insurance Program for 6 years. There is no argument about the payfors now because there aren’t any in there. So if your argument for voting ‘‘no’’ was the payfors before, what is your argument today, other than a partisan one? Mr. Speaker, I ask Members of the House to approve this legislation. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we are five months in the 2018 fiscal year, yet here we are again getting ready to vote on another shortterm government funding bill. Has this become the norm in the new Republicanled government? I’d like to point out that this will be the fourth continuing resolution since September. Our country isn’t winning when our military, government agencies, and important federal programs are operating under shortterm spending bills. The American people are tired of the partisanship that has kept Washington from doing its job. They expect results and it’s our job to deliver. It’s our job to fund the military and domestic programs, deliver protections for DREAMers, keep our quality community health centers open, reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for those whose districts were impacted by natural disasters, it’s our job to pass disaster aid for the families and small businesses that were impacted. There’s broad bipartisan support for all the priorities that I mentioned. It’s my hope that the Republican majority will roll up their sleeves and get to work for the American people. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this Continuing Resolution because we must stop kicking the can down the road, and that is all this Countinuing Resolution will do. The Republican approach to governing has been to pass short term extensions of programs and Continuing Resolutions that merely delay the hard work of making decisions on the big issues facing our country. This is now the fourth stopgap Continuing Resolution for Fiscal 2018 that we are being asked to consider. Each time Republicans have said they need more time to deal with this crisis of their own making. And yet each time, they have failed to negotiate with Democrats to make any progress toward the bipartisan budget agreement that we need in order to develop responsible appropriations bills. Instead, Republicans are again bringing a bill to the floor that fails to address the big challenges our nation faces. This CR does not help Americans recovering from the hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Florida, and Texas and the wildfires and mudslides that have ravaged California. It does not fund community health centers that people depend on for their healthcare or help those who need assistance battling opioid addiction. It does not protect those in danger of losing their pensions, and it will not stop our nation from hitting its debt limit. Republicans have also failed to negotiate in good faith on a solution to the crisis that President Trump himself created for the millions of Dreamers living in this country. Dreamers are American in every way but their citizenship, and due to the President’s actions, more than 16 thousand of them have lost their DACA protections, an average of 122 per day. Tens of thousands more Dreamers will eventually lose their jobs and their protection against deportation if we do not take action. As the author of the Dream Act in the House, I believe we must act NOW. It is inhumane to force Dreamers to live in fear and uncertainty. They can’t afford to wait until the last minute for a solution, as Republicans have done so often while leading Congress. Governing by repeated CRs is neither governing nor leading. It leaves federal agencies such as our Department of Defense unable to plan for the future or begin new initiatives, which undermines our national security and leaves our homeland more vulnerable. This is not how the appropriations process is supposed to work. We cannot keep kicking the can down the road. I oppose this CR and urge my colleagues to vote no so we can get the job done now. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to Rules Committee Print 115–55, legislation extending the Continuing Resolution now in effect for another month, or until February 16, 2018. But before I proceed further, I want to note—and Americans needs to know—that this is not a spending bill; it is instead an affirmation of the House Republicans’ inability to govern. This is the fourth time House Republicans have chosen to kick the can down the road rather than work with Democrats to come to a necessary bipartisan agreement to lift the Budget Control Act (BCA) spending caps, giving appropriators the direction they need for fullyear funding bills. The reason given for passing each of the prior Continuing Resolutions was that the extra time was needed to reach a comprehensive agreement to fund government operations in a fair and balanced way. Yet, even with the extra time, House Republicans made no progress during any of the previous extensions. This should not be surprising; the House GOP is carrying the water for the president, who a few months ago said ‘‘we need a big beautiful shutdown.’’ Mr. Speaker, I cannot support a CR that does not include full funding for disaster recovery, extends additional health access for veterans, provides funding to combat the opioid epidemic, and protects pensions. Most important, it is outrageous that House Republicans would bring to the floor and request support for a fourth CR extension that does not address and resolve the crisis the Republican Administration has inflicted on 800,000 Dreamers and their families, including 124,000 Dreamers in my home state of Texas. Instead of acting responsibly to address these issues and fund the government for the remainder of the fiscal year, House Republicans continue wasting time. This is not appropriations; this is a stopgap funding measure to save ourselves from collapse. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us includes a six year reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which provides health coverage to nine million children, and which Republicans allowed to lapse on September 30, 2017. This is not a meaningful extension. In contrast, making CHIP permanent would not only provide longterm stability for families, providers, and states, it would save $6 billion according to the Congressional Budget Office. Republicans are only just now getting around to reauthorizing the program because they wasted months on efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and enact unpaid for tax cuts for the wealthy. I know firsthand about the important work done through CHIP. My state is home to the Texas Children’s Hospital. Any Republican who believes it is acceptable to play politics with children’s health clearly does not appreciate the work done there. This CR includes additional tax cuts totaling over $26 billion, including a two year delay of the medical device and Cadillac taxes, and a one year delay of the health insurance tax. At the same time, the resolution fails to address numerous other expired and expiring health priorities, from funding for community health centers to waiving caps on therapy services for seniors on Medicare, to preventing cuts to safety net hospitals. Mr. Speaker, despite controlling the House, Senate, and the White House, Republicans have not funded the government for the entire year, even though we are already four months into the fiscal year. 
Democrats, meanwhile, have done the work with which we were tasked. I am a member of the Budget committee and we Democrats proposed a budget that: Respected the needs of all Americans, including those who serve bravely in the Department of Defense; Honored the sacrifice of our heroes in uniform; Protected programs like CHIP, made investments in infrastructure and ensured that Americans have access to quality healthcare. Because Republicans refuse to work with Democrats and compromise on how to provide relief from the BCA’s sequester level spending caps, they are lurching from CR to CR—degrading the readiness of our military and preventing government agencies from properly serving the American people. This is not a responsible way to govern; therefore, I cannot support this bill. House Republicans need to work across the aisle with Democrats and get our work done— including upholding the longstanding precedent of agreeing to parity when providing relief from sequester caps. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 696, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 6 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1900 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 7 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 184, not voting 3, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the persevering and prescient life of American General Edward L. Rowny, who passed away on December 18 of last year at the age of 100. Proud of his PolishAmerican heritage, he attained a century of life in the Polish tradition of Sto lat, dear general. This valiant soul served our Nation under five Presidents, of both parties. He served under the command of General Douglas MacArthur and rose to be a shining general in his own right, a brave guardian of liberty through courage, sacrifice, expertise, and wisdom. General Rowny was born the son of a Polish immigrant and a PolishAmerican mother on April 3, 1917. A West Point graduate, he served in World War II and led a battalion with the 92nd Army Infantry Division, driving up the west coast of Italy. He remained a dogged ally of then occupied Poland and the Polish people and advanced the return of the remains of Ignacy Jan Paderewski to Poland in 1992 after the fall of the Berlin Wall 3 years earlier. He later founded the Rowny Paderewski Scholarship Fund to bring Polish students to the United States to study American democracy. He continued to raise funds for it until his dying day. General Rowny lived to see solidarity bring freedom to Poland and helped usher Poland into the NATO security alliance. He was an esteemed arms control adviser under every President from Richard Nixon to George H.W. Bush. After being a chief negotiator in the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty with the former Soviet Union, he was awarded the Presidential Citizens Medal. General Rowny’s life and being was imbued with his long history of fighting for freedom, justice, and democracy, including helping free his ancestral land of Poland. His accomplishments will not be forgotten. Thank you, General Edward Rowny, for your service to liberty. You have been one of a kind, unceasing in your utter dedication to liberty at its cutting edge. ‘‘Dziekuje bardzo. Bardzo. Bardzo.’’ Thank you very much. f 
AMERICA’S ANGELS ABROAD (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Peace Corps volunteers represent what is best about America. They are our angels abroad. They give years of their lives to help other people. They build goodwill across the globe for the United States. But many Peace Corps volunteers don’t receive the care that they need both incountry and when they get home. Peace Corps volunteers struggle to access quality medical treatment when they are abroad in remote areas of the world. When they return to America, they face a red tape bureaucratic nightmare. Congressman KENNEDY and I have sponsored the Sam Farr Peace Corps Enhancement Act. This act will improve and strengthen the health, safety, and wellbeing of current and returning Peace Corps volunteers. It requires that Peace Corps volunteers have access to a qualified Peace Corps medical officer overseas. It extends their Peace Corps medical coverage when they return home to America. America must protect our Peace Corps ambassadors abroad. They are some of America’s best. And that is just the way it is. f 
WHAT WE DIDN’T DO FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you what we did not do today for the American people’s enhancement. What we did not do today is provide for enlisted men and women. We need to increase compensation for their families who are on food stamps. We did nothing for them today. We did nothing for Rose Escobar and her husband. Her husband was departed to El Salvador, a place where he has never been. They have two children and live in Houston, Texas. We have been pleading for his case to be reviewed. He is a DREAMer. He is DACAeligible. He was managing a paint store. He was buying a house. We did nothing for him today. Who else did we not do anything for? The millions of people who use community health clinics and whose funding will expire. For 25 years, Central Care has been the facility that has served African Americans, Hispanics, and others for feeforservice and Medicaid. We did absolutely nothing for them. So we should not be afraid of stopping this government, if we have to do it, because we need to do something for the DREAMers. We need to do something for people who don’t have healthcare and have to use federally qualified health centers. My God, we need to do something for the enlisted men and women whose families are on food stamps and whose salaries are not commensurate with the sacrifice they make. I am standing, Mr. Speaker, with each and every one of them. 
NEW WITHHOLDING TABLES (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the immediate benefits that H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, is already delivering for American families. On January 11, the Treasury Department released its updated withholding tables for 2018. These tables work to implement the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the tax reform package passed by Congress and signed into law by President Trump just before Christmas. 
With the implementation of these new withholding tables, the Treasury Department has estimated that 90 percent of wage earners will experience an increase in their takehome pay. A married couple with two children, making $75,000 a year, would see a $1,350 wage increase per year. I am thrilled to see what closing unfair loopholes, simplifying the Tax Code, and getting the Federal Government out of the way does to boost the financial stability of American families. 
IMPENDING SHUTDOWN AND DACA (Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in the midst of yet another looming government shutdown and an impending nightmare for DREAMers created by those who run Washington. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and elected the great negotiator in the White House, yet here we are again. It is time they come to the table in good faith to provide our Nation fiscal certainty and lay down their threats against DREAMers in this country, those who were brought here as children and live as upstanding members of communities across our Nation. Our priority should be strengthening American families, not ripping them apart. Just this week, as we have all seen on the news, ICE officials forcefully deported Jorge Garcia, a 39yearold man from Michigan with a wife and kids. He has lived in this country almost his entire life and made an honest living after being brought here as a child. He has hardly a parking ticket on his record. I call on the President and my Republican colleagues to work across the aisle in good faith and lead for the good of our Nation rather than their political base. 
CR IMPACTS THE MILITARY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, last summer, the House passed all 12 appropriations bills before the fiscal year started on October 1. We appropriated nearly $650 billion to provide our servicemembers with the resources they need to defend this country in the face of threats from North Korea, China, Russia, alQaida, ISIS, and Iran. The House funded other Federal programs at nearly $550 billion. For the past 3
1⁄2months, however, our military and servicemembers have been operating under continuing resolutions, also known as CRs, which means they are stuck at the funding levels they had last year. That is because Senate Democrats are holding back the full funding of our defenses so they can add billions of dollars more in other Federal spending. The defense of this country, Mr. Speaker, is not some bargaining chip, and preventing our servicemembers from getting the resources they need, especially after we have seen servicemember deaths resulting from the lack of training and proper equipment, is unconscionable. As Secretary Mattis told us last year: ‘‘Longterm CRs impact the readiness of our forces and their equipment at a time when security threats are extraordinarily high. The longer the CR, the greater the consequences for our force.’’ It is way past time for Senate Democrats to end their filibustering of our Nation’s defense and to start helping our servicemembers in harm’s way. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DENISE BURDITUS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Denise Burditus. Denise was a mother of two and a grandmother of three. She was looking forward to the birth of her fourth grandchild. She had recently left her job, after 30 years of working at a bank, so she could return to school and spend more time with her grandchildren. She went to the Route 91 Harvest music festival in Las Vegas with her high school sweetheart and husband of 32 years, Tony Burditus. Denise is remembered by her friends and family for being full of life, for always being positive, and for her devotion to her family. I extend my condolences to Denise Burditus’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
b2000 HONORING KATHLEEN JIMINO ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT (Mr. FASO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I rise today to recognize and celebrate the career of Mrs. Kathleen Jimino on the occasion of her retirement as Rensselaer County executive. Kathy has retired after 16 years of dedicated service to the people of Rensselaer County. Throughout her tenure as county executive, Kathy was a driving force for economic growth and fiscal solvency in Rensselaer County, actively responding to the needs of her constituency in an effective and resourceful manner. In addition to the time as county executive, I am grateful for the many years Kathy spent loyally serving the people of New York State and the city of Troy. Kathy has been an esteemed leader of the community, and I thank her for her commitment to New York’s 19th Congressional District. I wish Kathy and her husband, Vince, every happiness as they embark upon this new chapter in their lives. f 
HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN VIETNAM (Mr. KHANNA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, my grandfather spent 4 years in jail during Gandhi’s independence movement standing for human rights. One of his crimes was expressing unpopular views in a political newspaper. Similar human rights abuses are occurring today in Vietnam. I speak out, today, for those who have been silenced. In many cases, the victims are the brother, the sister, the friend, or acquaintance of someone living in my district. Over 100 activists and religious leaders are currently imprisoned in Vietnam for expressing their opinions and beliefs. For example, social activist and blogger Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh was recently sentenced to 10 years in prison for highlighting social injustices on her blog. In California’s 17th District, I am proud of organizations like The Good Will BrotherSister Group that stand in solidarity for their oppressed friends and family in Vietnam. The Vietnamese Government must release every political prisoner, stop harassing religious groups, and have the confidence in allowing a free press. Until they do that, we must do no business deals with Vietnam and make it clear that we expect them to honor human rights. 
REMEMBERING CONGRESSMAN DOUG BARNARD (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a legend who represented the great people of Augusta, Georgia, for 16 years, in, yes, the United States House of Representatives. Last week, former Congressman Doug Barnard, Jr., passed away at the age of 95 in his beloved hometown. Although Congressman Barnard served at a very different time in our Nation’s history, many of the issues discussed then are the same that we are talking about today, like tax reform, immigration reform, and financial regulatory reform. 
A World War II veteran, a lawyer, and a banker, Congressman Barnard made his mark as a wellrespected leader of the House Banking Committee. He was willing to work across the aisle to do what was best for the people of Augusta and all Americans. I was very pleased that Doug introduced and offered his support to me when I made my announcement to run for Congress. Over the years, I have sought his advice, and I have always cherished his mentorship. Doug Barnard was a great man of faith, a friend, and a statesman. He will always be remembered and will be sorely missed—not only by me, but the entire Augusta community. 
RUSSIAN TRANSPARENCY (Mr. MEADOWS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, as many of you know, we have had a Russian narrative that has been going on because of an infamous dossier. While there has been much reported on it, I can tell you that the Intelligence Committee has been fast at work, and Chairman NUNES has been doing outstanding work to get to the truth for the American people. Today, I had the opportunity to go into a confidential setting to make sure that what we can do is understand better what actually took place. I am here to tell all of America tonight that I am shocked to read exactly what has taken place. I would think that it would never happen in a country that loves freedom and democracy like this country. It is time that we become transparent in all of this. I am calling on our leadership to make this available so that all Americans can judge for themselves. 
CHINA’S STRATEGY TO ACCRUE GLOBAL POWER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO) is recognized for 57 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I chair the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee on Foreign Affairs. I have been in Congress for 5 years, and what I have noticed over the last, probably, 30 years is a growing China. China is a culture that has been around for thousands of years. What we have seen is a growing China, but, more recently, in the last 25 years, a more aggressive China, in the policies and the different things that they do around the world. Twentyeight years ago, Deng Xiaoping announced that China’s strategy to accrue global power would be to ‘‘hide one’s strength and bide one’s time.’’ As I rise, today, in the House, this evening, it is clear that China is done biding its time. I can remember seeing a documentary several years ago from 1986, where that leader, Deng Xiaoping, talked about that he could not compete with the U.S. or the Japanese in the intellectual property, computer manufacturing, or in IT. What they said at that time was that they will compete by taking over the rare earth metals that are required in all of that. So, from that point forward, they led that charge to strategically set out a 100year plan. At China’s 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China last October 2017, Xi Jinping announced a new era, in which China has started to overcome the humiliations of colonialism and that it has stood up, grown rich, and is becoming strong. We talked about this. It came out in a meeting. Somebody brought up that, through their whole adult life, China was just kind of this big, stumbling child. But they had reached a point and grown through puberty, where the hormones had kicked in, and they found out how strong they were. Then they discovered how rich they were, and they started to flex both of those. He explicitly offered the Chinese model as an alternative to liberal democracy. Liberal democracy, that is what the Western world and the United States rests on: allowing people to be selfdetermining, allowing people to be freethinking, allowing people to be empowered. This is something that is to the antithesis of the Chinese doctrine, stating that ‘‘the banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics is now flying high and proud for all to see,’’ offering ‘‘a new option for other countries and nations.’’ Mr. Speaker, as the new year begins, we must decide how we want to craft policy and legislation that will address not just Xi Jinping’s socalled new era, and China’s. I say that we should welcome China’s effort to assume its rightful place on the world stage. But we must also reject China’s efforts to undermine the values, institutions, and rules that generations of Americans have died for, along with other countries, to establish and uphold. We must never allow a socialist, authoritarian model of government, to supplant the primacy of democracy, no matter how rich and how strong the authoritarians become. China is not choosing to rise through the global order that the United States and our allies have built with our blood and our sweat—a global order made up of the international institutions that have held the peace since World War II; of the competitive and rulesbased economic playing field; and of a free marketplace of ideas where people, not governments, decide what they will think. Instead, China has grown to become a revisionist power—not rising within the current order, but seeking to change, subvert, or coerce it to suit China’s end—not playing by the rules, but rewriting the rules to suit the needs of China. China’s foreign policy is rewriting the rules in three key areas: First, China is replacing traditional soft power, which is based on a nation’s attractiveness, with ‘‘sharp power,’’ which leverages coerciveness. The scale is astounding. China has used sharp power to buy political influence in Australia, academic influence on American campuses, and even bought off Panama’s diplomatic alliance with Taiwan. The National Endowment for Democracy, which coined the term ‘‘sharp power,’’ has exhaustively documented China’s efforts to turn Latin America elites into ‘‘de facto ambassadors of the Chinese cause’’—right in our own backyard. The world will not tolerate these coercive influence operations. Last month, Prime Minister Turnbull of Australia captured this indignation best when he used Mandarin to play on a classic Mao Zedong quote, ‘‘the Chinese people have stood up.’’ Turnbull said that ‘‘the Australian people stand up.’’ Congress must, likewise, ensure that the American people stand up to coercion in our politics, academia, and culture. Second, China is rewriting the rules of engagement by using gray zone tactics that erode the distinction between peace and conflict. In the South China Sea, China has used what it has referred to as ‘‘salami slicing’’ to gradually attain its military objectives without provoking a confrontation, undermining the international mechanisms that are supposed to decide territorial disputes. It goes back to the saying of Deng Xiaoping: ‘‘Hide one’s strength and bide one’s time.’’ As I said, I chair the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, and at one of our hearings last year, one witness testified that ‘‘by slowly changing the situation on the ground, China hopes to transform ‘Asia Mediterranean’ into a Chinese lake.’’ We can’t keep standing idly by while China does these things. Xi Jinping once stood next to President Obama at the White House and pledged that he would not militarize the South China Sea. As an aside, I was at a hearing. We were there with one of the representatives of the Chinese Government. They were talking about how everything they have done in the South China Sea was for peaceful navigational purposes. I brought up that I wish I could feel the love, or I wish I could feel the sincerity 
of that, because our military satellites showed a 10,000foot runway, our military satellites showed military barracks, our satellites showed both offensive and defensive weapons, radar systems. Yes, there was a lighthouse, but I didn’t see a resort on there that showed peaceful navigational purposes. Then he built a network of air bases, missile emplacements, radars, and ports that we had seen. Four thousand acres of the South China Sea that were dredged, destroying the environment— coral reefs—and they put in this today, which is militarized, and they don’t hide it. We should look to India’s example rather than accept further lies. A little resistance to China’s encroachment along their disputed border has prevented the same ‘‘salami slicing’’ from happening on land. And, thirdly, China is rewriting the rules of trade and economics. At a hearing before my subcommittee last year, one witness warned that ‘‘China has doubled down on its unfair, mercantilist strategies, and is now seeking global dominance in a wide array of advanced industries that are key to U.S. economic and national security interests.’’ These zerosum policies benefit China’s domestic champions at the expense of fairness and competition in global trade. At home, China wields its massive market as a blunt instrument, forcing foreign companies to divulge what it wants without giving them a chance to compete. Abroad, China is acquiring or stealing the industries of tomorrow, unfairly boosting its domestic innovation and hollowing out our competitors. Throughout the developing world, China has undertaken a massive infrastructure program that exports surplus industrial capacity and aligns closely with military interests. In 2018, the United States must stand up to China’s revisionism in these three key areas: sharp power influence operations, gray zone warfare, and mercantilist economics. Some important policy steps have already begun. For example, Congressman PITTENGER has introduced legislation in the House to improve CFIUS, which is a review, and the Treasury Department has undertaken a section number, called 301 investigation into China’s innovation of mercantilism. b2015 These actions will help protect the future of the U.S. economy. This is a warning sign that we have seen that we must rise up to and counteract, but more must be done. We have to blunt China’s sharp power in the United States by countering Confucius institutes at schools and propaganda outlets in our cities that spread communist propaganda. We have to respond to the malicious state sponsored activity in shared domains like the cyber realm. We have to modernize our international development work to compete with China in the developing world. This year I will be introducing legislation to accomplish these goals, and I hope my colleagues will join me in this important work. We must also remember that standing up for American interests means standing up for our values. Xi Jinping’s leadership has turned to creeping totalitarianism. He is building an unprecedented surveillance state, increasing the communist party’s ideological control of society and the reconciliation of the party’s authority over every aspect of life. Human rights and civil liberties in China is worsening, and Xi Jinping must be held accountable. In the year ahead, I hope all of my colleagues would join me in standing up for America’s interests and values, and resisting China’s revisionism. After the 19th Congress, the Communist Party Congress, Xi Jinping stood up and said the era of China has arrived. No longer would China be made or forced to swallow their interests around the world, nor should they, but he also said the era of China has arrived and it is time to take the center stage. That is a threat, and not acceptable, I don’t think, to the American people. It sounds like it is a warning that they are going to throw us off the stage. However, talking to people in the administration and the rest of the world, I think we would be willing to share the stage, but to think that they are going to supplant every other country is not acceptable. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), who used to be the chair of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee, and who has brought up some important legislation on this topic that we are talking about tonight. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also thank him for pulling together this Special Order here this evening. As the gentleman mentioned, I used to be the chair of the subcommittee that he now chairs, and that is the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. I have been on the Foreign Affairs Committee for over 20 years now. We do a lot of important things on that committee, and our view of China has evolved somewhat over that time. Do we want to have good relations with China? Absolutely. It is in our best interests, it is in China’s best interests, it is in the world’s best interests. We passed normal trade relations some years ago. It used to be called the most favored nation; now it is normal trade relations. We trade with them a lot. Many would argue that American jobs have gone to China. They have stolen our technology, our intellectual property secrets, and a whole range of other things. So they haven’t been terribly cooperative in that area, yet they have benefited a great deal. One of our strongest allies, Taiwan, the PRC—China—has been bullying for years. Too often, China has gotten their way. They have been able to keep Taiwan out of international health organizations that would be helped by having the Taiwanese expertise in that. They have done a whole range of things. When I first came here, there were several hundred missiles in the PRC— China—pointed at Taiwan. Now there are over 1,600 missiles, and they threaten them on a whole range of things. So it is very important that we continue to have strong relations with Taiwan. Legislation that I have proposed and that we have passed here before in our committee and that we hope to pass in the House as well—and then we hope the Senate will take it up as well—is to allow highranking Taiwanese officials to come here to the United States, particularly to Washington, D.C., to meet with our officials here in our Nation’s Capital. That makes sense, and hopefully we will do that in the very near future, but China has been very uncooperative, obviously, with respect to Taiwan. They have been particularly uncooperative with respect to one of our greatest threats in the world right now, and that is North Korea. We get a lot of lip service from China, but very little action. North Korea is a threat. For a long time, they were a threat to the region. We cared about that and we worked with our allies on that. But now they are a threat to Washington, D.C., and Seattle and Los Angeles and my home city, Cincinnati, and cities all over the United States, because we believe they can now reach the United States with nuclear weapons. That is the first time. A lot of us were concerned about that day ever coming. Previous administrations tried to get China to lean on North Korea because China has the greatest clout with North Korea because China provides most of their food and most of their fuel. About 90 percent of North Korea’s trade is with China. China acts like they are going to be helpful, and then they are not. The last thing we want to see is military confrontation. You will have some folks in our country that that is their principal priority, they don’t want any confrontation, but then they will be satisfied to have North Korea have nuclear weapons. We can’t tolerate somebody as unpredictable, somebody as dangerous as Kim Jongun or his predecessors, his father or grandfather, people like that to have nuclear weapons. It is just unacceptable to the United States and most other countries around the world, but the rest of the world looks to us to act. This is a case where we really do need China to step up and do the right thing. Thus far, they have not been willing to do that. So the question is: How do we get China to do that? In the past, a number of us thought the way you got China’s attention was 
to at least discuss with our allies in the region—South Korea, Japan, even Taiwan, perhaps—to consider having nuclear weapon programs themselves. And maybe even talking about that would be offputting enough to the PRC that they would lean on North Korea to back off their program. Well, we are probably beyond that now because North Korea not only has a nuclear program, but they have one that could now hit the continental United States. I think the only thing at this point that works is any leverage that we have with China itself, that if they don’t act, then they can either trade with North Korea or they can trade with us. That ought to be a pretty easy deal for them to make. The economy in North Korea is in shambles. The people are starving. The people are repressed by their own illegitimate government. So there is not a lot of trade. It is not of great import to China. In fact, their relationship with North Korea—I think the way they look at it—it keeps us off balance. So they can trade with North Korea or they can trade with us. Now, trade with the United States is very significant to the PRC. It means millions and millions and millions of jobs. Are we willing to go that far? Well, I think we should be when you are considering war, which is the alternative to actually getting North Korea to back off their program. So in this case, I think we ought to make it clear to China that we are serious about this; whether it is the financial system, international banking, cutting that off. We ought to fully cut that off with North Korea and at least on the books we have, but China has ways of getting around that and propping up their ally, North Korea. So this is the time. It has got to happen soon. North Korea has, we think, probably 20 or so nuclear devices at this point. You wait another year or 2 years, they are going to have dozens and dozens and dozens of them. Not only is that dangerous because they have them, but it is dangerous because they will sell those nuclear devices to organizations, alQaida, perhaps even ISIS, or other organizations that would love to smuggle those things into this country and use them. They would use them in a heartbeat if they had them. We can’t let that happen. So things that we talked about in previous administrations and that administrations would negotiate—we had sixparty agreements and we would get together—and North Korea would agree: 
Okay. For food and fuel, we will end our nuclear program. 
On the books it was ended, but underground or in the mountains, it was continuing. Both previous Republican and Democratic administrations essentially let that happen, and it was bad, but they couldn’t reach the United States. Now they can reach the United States. So we are at that time now that years ago we warned about. We are there now. So I would strongly encourage this administration to take this seriously and do whatever is possible, short of war—we want to avoid that if at all possible—to make sure that China finally leans on North Korea to back down. Mr. Speaker, I thank again the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), who is doing a fine job as chair of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee. I also thank him for the opportunity and pulling this together this evening. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the kind words, and I look to follow in his footsteps. I want to also give a shoutout that the first version of the six assurances, Mr. CHABOT introduced to Congress on October 28, 2015, what the six assurances were proposed to be, and we will read those later on. Mr. Speaker, at this time I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). Judge POEhas been a strong supporter of the whole AsiaPacific region and he has got some wise words that I think we all can learn from. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I appreciate the gentleman holding the Special Order on China. It is important that Americans know who the Chinese are, what they are up to, and what their plans are in the future. We will start with North Korea. No question about it: China could rein in North Korea and little Kim if China wanted to. They don’t want to. That is why he is a menace to not only that region, but to the rest of the world. But China could rein in little Kim. They are storing millions—maybe billions— of dollars in assets in China. They could freeze those assets. They could cut off trade with North Korea. China must understand that it is in their interest that North Korea not get nuclear weapons; not necessarily our interest, but their interest. When they come to that realization—which I think it is in their interest that North Korea be reined in to make sure that they don’t use nuclear weapons or continue to develop nuclear weapons or use weapons against any of their neighbors—then North Korea will cease its belligerent activities. The key lies with Beijing. If they make that decision, the world will be safer. If they don’t make that decision, the world and Beijing will not be safer either. Also, I want to point out kind of their philosophy, why they act the way they do. Beijing has, first of all, little regard for the lives of the millions of Chinese citizens. China’s communist regime shares more values with the communist North Korea than it does the U.S. For decades, Beijing’s human rights record has been among the worst in the whole world. It has persecuted not thousands, but millions of people who are not followers of communism and Maoism. Mr. Speaker, remember, communism—because China is a communist nation, although it is not really politically correct to say that much anymore, they are a communist nation that teaches against God, and their God is the state and tells the people you have to worship the state. So when you have an atheistic regime in charge, you can see why they persecute their own people and torture not only Christians and Muslims, but Tibetans and other people who don’t agree with their atheistic philosophy. We need to be sure, as a country built on religious freedom, that we call China out for its abuse and persecution of its own people. I know we trade with the Chinese. They are a big trading partner. I don’t think trade and money ought to get in the way of calling China out for abusing the people who live in China and abusing their rights of religious freedom. We can’t turn a blind eye to that merely because we trade with them as a major trading partner. We have learned through history that regimes that oppress their own people just seem to have ambitions beyond their own borders and subjugate those people as well. b2030 The South China Sea, most Americans probably don’t even know where that is. South China Sea is an area, it is a trading lane, navigation lane. It has been a trading area. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, the whole purpose of this Special Order is to draw attention to what China is doing, and I think, as Mr. CHABOT brought up, we are not against China. It is the practices that they are doing that we need to make sure that the American people know, the American people know what is going on, the amount of theft that we see, intellectual property, that costs the American taxpayers between $300 billion and $600 billion. I have been at expos held by the Department of Homeland Security where they have counterfeit products that come from American manufacturers that are in China on goodwill, good faith efforts to create a good product, to create jobs in China, but yet that product winds up being counterfeited by Chinese companies that we think the Chinese Government—and we have evidence that they are complicit in it. They are selling products against our own competition, our own manufacturers in this country, and it is eroding the American economy, and China gains from this. This is a practice that has to be stopped, and we have to stop allowing this to happen. One of the other things, if we look back over history, in the 1840s, there were the opium wars between the United Kingdom and China. A lot of opium and drugs flowed into China, and it hurt the Chinese population. At one 
point, 90 percent of the males in China were hooked on opium. Yet today, in the 21st century, we are seeing the reverse of that, and we are seeing narcotics flow from China, or precursors of synthetic opioids flow into Central America, to Mexico, to come into our borders. There is no medicinal use for fentanyl other than pain control, or heroin. Heroin has no medicinal use, very limited. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ), who, in the last Congress, introduced the Comprehensive Fentanyl Control Act to combat illegal fentanyl, a synthetic opioid, coming from China. Not only do they send the precursors, they send the presses to create the pills into these other countries. Again, it does not serve us or the American people or our economy at all. If you are a trading partner and you want to go by the rule of law and you want to, hopefully, in trade, do what is best for your country, but you also want to have a benefit for your trading partner, this is a oneway street, and it is going to have to end. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to demand action from our Chinese counterparts in targeting fentanyl traffickers. This poison is 50 times more powerful than heroin and is responsible for thousands of American deaths. Street dealers import fentanyl from China and then mix it with heroin and deal it on unsuspecting users in packages stamped with names such as ‘‘Pray for Death.’’ That product was confiscated in my hometown yesterday in Staten Island. These mixes of deadly substances is why, as the gentleman mentioned, I introduced the Comprehensive Fentanyl Control Act, asking our country to prohibit the online sale of presses in which fentanyl is pressed into these imitation tablets that unsuspecting users will take, unknowing that fentanyl is part of that pill. Fentanyl is dangerous even to our authorities. Police officers, firefighters, first responders have overdosed from contact with fentanyl during drug busts. I have spoken to far too many families who have lost sons and daughters, first as the district attorney of Staten Island and now as a Congressman. The Chinese Government, as my colleagues have said, tries to control their own citizens. Well, now it is about time they control the fentanyl that is coming out of their country. This past fall, President Trump extracted promises that the Chinese would curb their export of fentanyl. Now it is time for the Chinese to take action. I thank the gentleman from Florida for his leadership in this area. I thank him for yielding to me to discuss this important matter to every part of our country. No one is immune from it. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the work that the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) has done with the Comprehensive Fentanyl Control Act to combat illegal fentanyl. I thank him for his participation, being on the committee, and his passion for what he is doing. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), a good friend of mine and a good Member of Congress, to add to this discussion. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), my good friend. I appreciate his work on this and for calling this Special Order together tonight. Once again, it is the time of year where I have the somber privilege to come to the floor and extend happy birthday wishes to Chinese human rights defender and prisoner of conscience, Zhu Yufu. What should be an occasion for celebration remains marred by the fact that, on February 13, Zhu Yufu will spend his 65th birthday in a Chinese prison. This will mark his seventh consecutive birthday behind bars, another birthday separated from his family and children. Although isolated, Zhu is certainly not forgotten. He has been a fervent champion for human rights in China for decades. He gives voice to a very fundamental and foundational principle: all people everywhere should have the basic freedom to determine the course of their lives and express themselves according to their convictions without fear of government repression. For living out that conviction, he languishes in a Chinese prison in poor health and with irregular access to medical care. Stifling voices like Zhu’s does not silence their cry nor weaken their cause. On the contrary, it shines a light on their plight and renews and strengthens the effort to end repression and injustice in China, as well as in other places around the world. As long as Zhu Yufu remains incarcerated, I will continue to call upon the Chinese Government to provide him with sufficient food, care, and medical attention, and I will continue to call on the Chinese Government to release Zhu Yufu from prison. In honor of Zhu Yufu, I would like to read a short poem that he wrote, and it was this poem that led to his arrest and imprisonment. I quote from his poem: 
It’s time, people of China! It’s time. The Square belongs to everyone. With your own two feet, it’s time to head to the Square and make your choice. It’s time, people of China! It’s time. A song belongs to everyone. From your own throat. It’s time to voice the song in your heart. It’s time, people of China! It’s time. China belongs to everyone. Of your own will, it’s time to choose what China shall be. 
Zhu, you are not forgotten. Happy birthday, and may God grant you the strength and His presence and the hope that you will celebrate your next birthday in freedom. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the remarks by Mr. HULTGREN . He did a great job, and I hope that guy gets released. The gentleman brought up a very good point, and this is something I have noticed. I am so blessed, and I know we are so blessed to live in this great country of ours. Our Founders got it right. I don’t know how they did other than divine intervention, that our rights come from a Creator, not from government. Government is instituted by we the people to protect our Godgiven rights and our core values of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Our government is a government that empowers the people. Empowered people do great things. In the 19th Congress, it was said—the Chinese Government has set up a Chinese United Front, which is to show soft power in the world instead of doing the things they have done, where they go into a country, put up infrastructure, suck out the resources, and leave and don’t care. So they have changed their tactics. They have gotten smart, and they started the Chinese United Front. But in that communique that they said, it said that the role of the citizens of China is to serve the Government of China. It is the antithesis of what we stand for, and that is why I feel confident in our form of government because we believe in the people. We believe in the greatness of people. The greatest resource a country has is not their gold, their timber, or any of that other stuff; it is the people. And our country values that. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ), a good friend of mine, a passionate speaker on China who sits on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, it is humbling to have the opportunity to stand in this Chamber to speak on so important a subject as China’s role in the world in 2018. Having had the privilege also of leading American soldiers on foreign soil, Mr. Speaker, I understand that the last resort in any circumstance should be military action, and so I wish to make clear that the strong words that will follow are not directed to be a threat to the People’s Republic of China but, instead, to be encouragement to the people thereof. We want peace and to work alongside all nations in a community of nations, but it is our duty, as free people, to express the basic rights inherent to our very existence in this world. Mr. Speaker, I would say to the Chinese people today that we still hold these truths to be selfevident, that all people are created equal and endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, and that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—this message directed, again, to the people of China because the oppressive Communist, dictatorial regime seems hellbent upon denying these very rights not to nations across the world aside from China, but to the 
very people whom they purport to serve; and in so doing, they not only oppress those people, but also perpetrate schemes that lead to a lower quality of life and enhanced threats to people across the globe. Industrial espionage costs the very livelihoods and wellbeing of workers in every continent of the world. Intellectual property theft isn’t about the hundreds of billions of dollars stolen from those who had the wherewithal, energy, and vision to create, but about the child who won’t have an opportunity to attend college because the job that his or her parent might have had has been quite literally stolen by Chinese malfeasance. Propping up a regime in North Korea that literally engages, in the year 2018, in the enslavement of their own citizens and turning a blind eye on those practices, which, Mr. Speaker, I suppose shouldn’t be a surprise when you look at the human rights record of the People’s Republic of China itself, I don’t have time, nor do my colleagues, though I commend Congressman YOHO for this hour, to recount the number of victims of human rights violations, of prisoners of conscience, of victims of state oppression, of those who had the temerity to stand up and suggest that individuals have certain basic fundamental human rights only to reap horrific consequences underneath a totalitarian Communist regime in the People’s Republic of China. But in the limited time that I have, forced abortions of human life, to the tune of tens and tens and tens of millions; Mr. Speaker, child labor laws drafted by the People’s Republic of China that look wonderful on the global stage, but practices that one recent survey indicated would have the entire population of the State of Ohio worth of 10 to 14year olds working what one recent news story characterized as 16 hours a day, 28 days a month in 2018. Their laws indicate that they have ended the practice of organ harvesting, and yet mathematical data indicates that, in China, if you are part of the ruling class, it is not hard to find that kidney, that bone marrow, that heart. This sort of oppression is foisted upon the people of China, while all too often the United States and other nations of the world turn a blind eye not in the interest of respecting cultural differences, but in the interest of our pocketbooks. b2045 We still hold these truths to be self evident. And if I could do nothing else while I am here, Mr. Speaker, but to speak and encourage nations of the world, but, more importantly, the people oppressed by regimes such as that of the Chinese dictatorial, Communist, totalitarian state, and tell them that we understand, we have their backs, they have our support, then I will have accomplished something. I am of an age, Mr. Speaker, when one of the images permanently seared in my memory is of a lone man standing in Tiananmen Square facing down a main battle tank. And when I think of that image and then I think of the United States, I think of Patrick Henry, who not only said, ‘‘Give me liberty or give me death,’’ but also said, when someone yelled from the back of the room, ‘‘Treason,’’ ‘‘If this be treason, make the most of it.’’ I think of a 16yearold girl in Farmville, Virginia, Barbara Johns, whose family had to move because she had the temerity, after discussing the Declaration of Independence with her uncle Vernon Johns, to question why there was a school that only White kids could attend. And I think of the charge in the Constitution of the United States not to be a perfect Union, because we are not there yet, but to be a more perfect Union. So then I contemplate my responsibility not only as a Member of this body, and it is obviously to serve the constituents of the Fifth District of Virginia in the United States of America, but also to stand up for human beings across the globe. And China, we still hold these truths to be selfevident. We will not turn a blind eye on policies that lead to forced abortions of living humans, that lead to child labor policies of 16 hours of work a day, 28 days a month of a number of kids between the ages of 10 and 14 that mirrors the population of the State of Ohio. We will not turn a blind eye to policies and public statements saying you have ended organ harvesting when all data indicates that you haven’t. And then we will not turn a blind eye to the oppression of any minority, and particularly religious minorities, whether it is Falun Gong or Christians or Muslims in the west of China. So I know in this age of the internet, this age of the world wide web and global communication, that the people of China, though their government seeks to inhibit the flow of information, will hear this, and the message is simple: You are my brothers and sisters. You are human beings just like us. You have the same rights that we have. You will not be given these rights by a government but by a creator or by nature, depending on your belief structure. And if you have the courage to stand up, understand this: We will support you. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, and if he wants to participate in a colloquy back and forth, we have a few more minutes. But I want to touch on some issues that I think we need to draw out again. I want the American people to understand what is going on. When you buy something that says ‘‘made in China,’’ I want you to understand what is happening. China has gone from where they were in the 1970s and the 1960s. Richard Nixon went over there, kind of normalized relationships in 1972. We had a relationship with Taiwan prior to that. I don’t want to go into the history of the war between the KMT and Chiang Kaishek back in the 1940s, but there was a relationship we had with Taiwan. We had a relationship with Great Britain on Hong Kong, and here we are in the 21st century. Things have changed. Now we have got North Korea on the stage. It is a different world than what it was. We had some longstanding traditions that we stood by as a nation, and people respected that, and then I look at the trade imbalance that we have with China. Here is a country that Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger in 1971 and 1972 opened up the trade that we have today, that has led to what we have today. And China has done great, and they ought to be applauded for what they have done. They have raised a lot of people out of poverty. But at what expense? When I look at what is going on in the South China Sea, taking islands that were just coral reefs right under the top of the sea, and they have reclaimed over 4,000 acres—probably the largest ecological disaster and insult to the environment that the world has ever seen—the world stood idly by. One country, Vietnam, stood up, took them to the court in The Hague, the tribunals. The tribunal ruled against China, and again, the world stood by, did nothing. The previous administration had a policy of strategic patience. The profession I come from, the veterinary profession, we call that benign neglect. That is where you have a disease that is not lifethreatening and you hope it goes away if you ignore it. But what was going on in the South China Sea could not be handled with benign neglect. What happened is China militarized the islands that they built, even though they said they wouldn’t. And if we look at the other things they said they would help us on with North Korea, China has the biggest influence with North Korea of anybody else. Ninety percent of the trade of North Korea goes through China. China says they are there with us, but yet we know fuel is going in there, coal is going in there. They are trading with them. In addition, they are complicit in allowing other companies to have shell companies that keep the Kim Jongun regime afloat developing nuclear weapons. They have a hand in bringing this to a close. I look at the trade deficit we have with China. It is over $350 billion. Add to that the intellectual property theft, over $350 billion, some people say up to $600 billion. And China says: We are going to get it under control. But just last month they had a trade deficit of over $60 billion. I want to pose a question to the American people: Do you want a trading partner that is doing these things? 
They flood our borders with illegal drugs, as you heard Mr. DONOVAN talk about. They erode our culture. They kill our citizens. They break down our culture. Do you want a trading partner that steals the intellectual property at the cost of American entrepreneurship, American intellectual property, and American jobs? Do you want a partner that does not honor their word when they said they are going to do something? You talk to other countries around the world and they say: We like doing business with America because you have a rule of law and you will follow it. China does not. They have halfheartedly agreed to help us with North Korea. And so when you go into a department store and you buy cheap as far as cost and it says ‘‘China’’ on it, ‘‘made in China,’’ I want people to think: What are you selling? What are you buying, and what are you giving away for your future generation—not just of your kids, but for the posterity of this Nation? And I would like to get Mr. GARRETT ’s response on that or anything else he wants to add as an afterthought here. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I would just, again, commend the Member from Florida, Congressman YOHO, as it relates to this opportunity. I think it is important to remember that, just like Americans, whether it was the Revolutionary War or the civil rights movement, the Chinese people have bled. They have sweated. They have paid the price for the basic human rights that we all enjoy here. And again, I would commend the American consumer to consider the reality of child labor, of exploitative policies as relates to industrial espionage, of exploitative policies that literally deprive Americans of livelihoods perpetrated by the Chinese, and to shop with that in mind until we see real reform from China. I have been frustrated heretofore with the efforts sometimes of our very own government as it relates to putting any force or its proverbial money where its mouth was to this end, but I believe there is power in the people of the United States. And so I would encourage people, again, to shop with their consciences until we see actual acts beyond words from a regime that has a history of saying and doing all the right things in public but allowing the perpetuation of horrific, horrific circumstances on their very people at home, in private. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I need to make a correction. I said it was Vietnam that took China to court. It was the Philippines. But along these lines that you were just talking about, when you look at the word of a nation, the integrity of a nation, I think of Hong Kong. Great Britain and China came to an agreement in 1996, 1997 that Hong Kong would revert back to China. There was a 50year agreement that China was to allow them to have self rule, the rule of law, selfdetermining, their own government, the right to choose that. Twenty years into this, China has got a strong influence. The freedom in Hong Kong is going backwards. If we look at the Tibetan people, the Tibetan are probably one of the most peaceful populations on Earth, but yet I can’t travel there as a U.S. dignitary or as a U.S. Member of Congress. They can’t come here and be recognized. The Dalai Lama can’t come here and be recognized because China gets mad. Beijing gets mad. The Tibetan people have a way to pass on the Dalai Lama to the next generation. China kidnapped the Panchen child and said: We will replace it with who we think should be the next leader, and it is somebody they are going to groom. And I look at our country, being a Christian. That would be like one of the kings of the Old Testament going in and stealing the baby Jesus and saying: Well, we will put in who we think should be the leader of Christianity. It is ludicrous what is going on. And then I think of Taiwan. Taiwan is our 10th largest trading partner, and we have had an agreement since before Richard Nixon. But during Richard Nixon’s time, there have been three communiques that talked about how we were going to deal with Taiwan. And I just want to reiterate the six assurances that Ronald Reagan and STEVE CHABOT talked about, and they are: Number one, we did not agree to set a date certain for ending arms sales to Taiwan. Robert Gates talked about this in his book, ‘‘Duty.’’ We had had this agreement for years, and during that time, about 2012, we were having our arms sales agreement with Taiwan. China raised holy heck about this, and our negotiators said: What is your problem? We have been doing this since the 1970s? China’s response was this, and I think this sets the tone for the future: Back then, we were weak. We are strong now. I think that speaks loudly of China’s intention. Number two, we see no mediation role of the United States between Taiwan and the PRC. Number three, nor will we attempt to exert pressure on Taiwan to enter into negotiations with the PRC. Number four, there has been no change in our longstanding position on the issue of sovereignty over Taiwan. Number five, we have no plans to seek revision of the Taiwan Relations Act. And number six, the August 17 communique should not be read to imply that we have agreed to engage prior consultations with Beijing on arms sales to Taiwan. And we tend to stay with that in this administration. So with that, does the gentleman from Virginia have any closing remarks? Mr. Speaker, I am ready to close. I thank everybody for their participation, and I want the American people, again, when you look at something that says ‘‘made in China,’’ how is that affecting the future of America? And nothing against China. If they play fair, they play by the rules, we wish them the best of luck, but we will not be supplanted from our role in the free world. And again, I feel confident about where America will be 100 years from now because we believe in our people, we empower our people, and we have a government that will stand and protect our constitutional rights that come from a creator. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep concern over China’s worsening human rights record, a clear indicator of its increasing authoritarianism. With the consolidation in power of President Xi Jinping, the Chinese authorities are making it more and more evident that they will not tolerate any internal dissent or opposition to their rule. I am not talking about armed opposition, but about loyal opposition—the kind of opposition that takes China’s constitution, its laws, and its international human rights obligations at face value. On July 1, 1997, Britain transferred sovereignty over Hong Kong to China. Under a ‘‘one country, two systems’’ arrangement with London, Beijing promised to allow universal suffrage as an ‘‘ultimate aim,’’ along with other freedoms. Yesterday a Hong Kong court jailed democracy activist Joshua Wong for three months for blocking clearance of a protest site, his second prison sentence related to the Umbrella Movement’s prodemocracy protests in 2014. Joshua was the public face of the Umbrella Movement, which called for free elections for Hong Kong’s leadership in the framework of the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ agreement. He had already been on bail pending the appeal of a separate sixmonth sentence for unlawful assembly. This time around the judge made clear that he was making an example of him because of his leadership role. His fellow activist Raphael Wong was sentenced to four and a half months, and several other activists received suspended sentences. What’s notable about this story is that after the protests, Joshua and Raphael went on to run for seats in the Hong Kong parliament. They didn’t radicalize or take up arms. They stood up for their principles. And now they’re in jail. I have often stood on the floor of this House to call for respect for the human rights of the Tibetan people in China. Just a few months ago the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, which I cochair, held a hearing on the repression of religious freedom in Tibet. Tibetan Buddhists face extensive controls on their religious life—an intrusive official presence in monasteries, pervasive surveillance, limits on travel and communications, and ideological reeducation campaigns. Religious expression and activism have been met with violent repression, imprisonment and torture. As of last August, 69 monks, nuns or Tibetan reincarnate teachers were known to be 
serving sentences in Chinese prisons—although the real number is likely much higher. And the Chinese government continues to claim the prerogative to decide who will succeed His Holiness the Dalai Lama, the highest figure in Tibetan Buddhism, who is now 82 years old. This extreme Chinese interference in the physical and spiritual lives of Tibetans occurs even though the Tibetans seek only to fully exercise the autonomy guaranteed them by the Chinese constitution and China’s ‘‘Law on Regional Ethnic Autonomy.’’ In the late 1980s the Dalai Lama proposed the Middle Way Approach as a path toward Tibetan autonomy within China, and he has pursued that path through nonviolence ever since. Then there are the Uyghurs. Like the Tibetans, the Uyghurs are the victims of restrictions imposed by the Chinese authorities on their religious, cultural and linguistic practices. The repression of Uyghurs has increased since July 2009, when a police attack on Uyghur demonstrators led to rioting and nearly 200 deaths. Between 2013 and 2015, clashes involving Uyghurs and Xinjiang public security personnel led to hundreds more deaths. In the aftermath of these kinds of fatal encounters, the Chinese authorities have claimed the Uyghurs were carrying out or preparing to launch attacks against government property or civilians. But credible human rights groups argue that many violent incidents began as peaceful protests—again, a form of loyal opposition. Meanwhile, Human Rights Watch has reported that Chinese authorities in Xinjiang are collecting DNA samples, fingerprints, iris scans, and blood types of all residents in the region between the age of 12 and 65. For what purpose? Are we witnessing steps toward some kind of ethnicitybased attack on the whole of the Uyghur people? And there have been alarming reports regarding the detention and possible mistreatment of some family members of U.S.based Uyghur rights activist Rebiya Kadeer, feared to be in retribution for her human rights advocacy efforts. This could be another instance of China’s efforts to silence criticism through intimidation, detention, and threats to the families of activists living abroad. Unfortunately, I could go on and on. But I want to close with recommendations. I am guided by two principles. We as Americans must defend human rights and democracy, values that have made us a great nation. And there must be consequences for bad behaviour. But as Chinese authorities consistently work to undermine democratic participation within its borders and violate the human rights of their peoples, I do not see any consequences. It is time to impose some. I urge us to start by passing two pieces of legislation on Tibet that have been introduced in the House: H.R. 1872, the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act, and H. Con. Res. 89, expressing the sense of Congress that the treatment of the Tibetan people should be an important factor in the conduct of United States relations with the People’s Republic of China. I urge the full and robust implementation of the Tibet Policy Act of 2002—including the designation of the Special Coordinator for Tibetan Policy, a statutory position that the Administration has yet to fill. I urge the robust use of the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act to sanction Chinese officials responsible for grave violations of the human rights of Tibetans, Uyghurs, and the many other loyal opposition activists who have been targeted in recent years—human rights lawyers, religious practitioners, writers, artists. I urge a united expression of support from this House for the release of Liu Xia. She should be allowed to leave China. I urge this House to support the right of His Holiness the Dalai Lama to return to his homeland. I urge the U.S. Consul General in Hong Kong to speak out loudly and forcefully on behalf of Joshua Wong, Nathan Law and other prodemocracy advocates in Hong Kong. We must hold China strictly accountable for the terms of the 1997 transfer of sovereignty. These steps may not be enough to turn back China’s increasing authoritarianism. But they would be a start. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NORTH STATE ICON MORISS TAYLOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) is recognized for 5 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me some of his time. I appreciate it. Mr. Speaker, tonight it is with great sadness that I rise to pay tribute to a man who passed recently in the north State, an icon. Moriss Taylor passed last week at the age of 93. He was a cowboy singer and a local legend. Now, Mr. Speaker, I know House rules require that you wear a jacket and wear a tie and it is not allowed to wear hats on the floor, so I respect that, but I will do what I can, in the spirit of Moriss Taylor, to wear the type of clothing typically you would see on his show with this Western shirt. Of course, his were much fancier than this one I am wearing here tonight in what I think is known in Nashville as the nudie jacket style, where it is very, very well decorated with rhinestones and shiny objects like that. And so you see the gentleman right here. I mean, how can you not like that and feel at home with someone like that? Moriss was born in Miami, Oklahoma in 1925, and at age 14 he settled in southern Butte County, in Palermo, California. Of course, his ‘‘Moriss Taylor Show,’’ he was the beloved host of that from 1956 to 1995 on KHSLTV, Channel 12, from Chico, California. b2100 He had an incredible 39year run of entertaining folks each weekend. His show was a soothing blend of relaxing country western music and original music performed by himself and his many talented guests. Many of the members of his band were people you would see just right around Butte County in northern California that worked during the week in places that anybody would likely patronize. I have seen his band members at auto parts stores where I shop, or at the feed store where I shop over time, and many others like that. They were just regular folks in the community who were blending their talents with Moriss Taylor on the weekend and other venues around northern California. As kids, we used to watch the show on the weekends and we grew up listening to the country music staples on his show as well as the jokes. Some might say they were corny jokes, but they were also clean jokes and something you can just have a little chuckle over and enjoy. But they indeed were a staple, along with the country music in their own right. So, for example, I have got to share a couple of them. One of his jokes would be: ‘‘They say dogs make great chiropractors because they know where all the bones are.’’ Or, ‘‘Did you hear the one about the dentist who married the manicurist? They have been fighting tooth and nail ever since.’’ See what I mean? They might make you groan a little bit, but they do make you smile, and they sure make you think of a different time when things were just a little simpler, a little more respectful, and innocent. Moriss also hosted a weekly radio show from the 1940s until his retirement. Indeed, the show brought tremendous happiness to many people in northern California. What is not maybe as well known about Moriss is that he was also a decorated veteran of World War II, where he flew in a cargo plane between India and China. He went on to receive the Distinguished Flying Cross, which is second only in prestige to the Medal of Honor. Again, being an Oklahoman, he moved to northern California, where he quickly became a local icon in our community. He was well loved and a great patriot. One time, in a personal experience, I was out campaigning, going door to door, this time in Chico, California, and I happened upon his door. He opened it up, and I hadn’t really looked at the walk sheet too closely at that point. It was night, so there he was, Moriss Taylor at the door. So I was kind of taken aback because here is the local legend. He invited me right in and we sat down for a little bit, and he told me a little bit about his politics there and that he was a participant as well. It didn’t come out in the show, and probably good and respectfully so. But he said: ‘‘You know, Doug, you are all right and I support you. You are doing a good job,’’ which means a lot from a guy like that, that somehow maybe I am on the right track here. So each week on his show they played a lot of songs and made a lot of 
jokes, and he would end the show with his original song called ‘‘High Sierra.’’ So maybe I will share just a few of those lyrics right now: 
High Sierra, skies are blue, Whispering pines remind me of you. Walking together, over meadows green, We pledged our love, by a rippling stream. I can see the sunlight shining on her golden hair And hear the words she told me as we were standing there. High Sierra, calling me home. 
It is at this point in the show where the credits would fade out. The lyrics would come to an end, and people were already waiting again for next Sunday to come around. As the song says, High Sierra is once again calling him home. After 93 years of enriching the lives of northern Californians, many of us were fortunate enough to sing along with him during those 93 years. Those memories won’t fade. There will never be another like Moriss Taylor. He will be greatly missed, indeed. High Sierra, calling him home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NORMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ) is recognized for 57 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I stand on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives as the clock keeps ticking for us to act on behalf of DREAMers and DACA recipients. Tonight, this House approved a continuing resolution funding government to continue to stay open for another 4 weeks that did not include a resolution to the dire conditions faced by DREAMers and DACA recipients. It did not include funding for community based health clinics, and it certainly did not adequately support the men and women in our Armed Forces. Yet, Mr. Speaker, as we continue to move forward, many Members of this House have worked diligently throughout the months to address the issues faced by DREAMers and DACA recipients. In fact, they have engaged in bipartisan legislative solutions. And we currently have three bipartisan bills that could have been voted on today on this very same floor of the House of Representatives. I guarantee you that if they would have been brought here to this floor and they would have given us the opportunity to vote on them, they would have passed. Because DREAMers are very popular in America. All polls show that over 80 percent of Americans across the Nation in different States, in different cities, want these young people to stay. Once you meet them, once you see their young faces, their energy, their desire to work and move forward, their patriotism for America, they win you over. No other immigrationrelated issue, I believe, has polled as high as the support that DREAMers are getting from across the country. Folks who live in red States and blue States, in districts represented by Democrats, districts represented by Republicans, feel overwhelmingly that these young people should stay here; that they should not be punished and sent back to a country that many of them don’t really know, where they have no connection with family members. Some may not even speak the language spoken in those countries or be familiar with the customs in those nations. They feel they are Americans, and they have contributed tremendously to our Nation. So these bipartisan efforts and solutions that my colleagues have engaged in are very important. Let’s begin by talking about the Dream Act, a clean Dream Act, which is a bipartisan bill led by Representative LUCILLE ROYBAL ALLARD , a Democrat from California; and Representative ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , a Republican from Florida. This particular bill, the Dream Act, a clean Dream Act, has 200 bipartisan cosponsors, including myself. This is not amnesty. Many have tried to portray the DREAMers’ quest and fight as a fight for amnesty. This is not amnesty. This particular bill, which has over 200 cosponsors, asks of the DREAMers that in order for them to be eligible for the Dream Act, that a person needed to have been 18 years of age on the date of entry, that they must have been physically present in the U.S. 4 years prior to the enactment of the legislation. Any applicant could not be convicted of any offense punishable for more than 1 year, or three or more offenses resulting in 90 days or more of imprisonment. In other words, they had to have a clean record. This was just to be considered. Once they were accepted into the program, they will get a conditional permanent residency status, a temporary green card. Then to transition to lawful permanent residence under the Dream Act, a DREAMer needed to do certain things. In other words, for them to transition from a conditional green card to a permanent green card, they needed to maintain a clean record for 8 years. They needed to have completed a college degree or 2 years for a bachelor’s degree or higher, or they must have served in the military for 2 years. It further asks that they would have to have been employed for at least 3 years for 75 percent of the time under the conditional permanent residency status. In addition to that, only after meeting all of the above, could they then transition to legal permanent status. So after that, they would have to wait an additional 5 years for them to be able to apply for naturalization, citizenship. So they would have to wait in total, from the time they got their temporary green card to the time they actually will be eligible to apply for citizenship, a total of 13 years. More than a decade. So the campaign to portray the Dream Act or a solution to the DREAMers and the DACA situation as amnesty is totally false. So 13 years— 13 long years—they would have to wait from the minute they got a temporary green card to the time they will be eligible to apply for naturalization, citizenship. So 80 percent of America supports these DREAMers. And this is the Dream Act, a bipartisan bill that has been around for some time, led by Republicans and Democrats that did not have a border security provision to it. But we heard how the other side of the aisle wanted to address some of the concerns at the border. A group of bipartisan Members of this House led by Representative WILLHURDfrom Texas and PETE AGUILAR began to put together a second proposal, USA Act. And this proposal currently has 49 bipartisan cosponsors. It came out of efforts put together by a group called the Problem Solvers. In this particular proposal, in order for you to be eligible for the USA Act, a person needed to be at least 18 years of age on the date of entry and not have been convicted, again, of an offense punishable for more than 1 year, or any combination of offenses resulting in imprisonment for more than 1 year. Then the person could transition to lawful permanent residency. Again, they had to maintain a clean record for 8 years, and had to complete a college degree or complete 2 years in a bachelor’s degree or higher postsecondary vocational programs. They must have served in the military for the entire length of their enlistment contract or been employed for at least 3 years 80 percent of the time they were under conditional permanent residency status. Only after meeting all of the above, could they then transition to legal permanent residency. b2115 Then after 5 additional years, they will have been able to apply for naturalization. The USA Act has a border security component unlike the clean Dream Act. These bipartisan Members of this House tried to address some of the concerns of Members from across the aisle who continue to complain and be seriously concerned about border security. They included directing Homeland Security to deploy more technology along 
the border and to submit a plan to Congress regarding expansion of vehicle, cargo, and pedestrian inspection lanes on the top 10 highvolume ports of entry. This last clause in this bill is very important because our ports of entry are very antiquated and dilapidated. This is precisely where most of the illegal drugs, illegal guns, and human trafficking enters our Nation. This particular bill calls for revamping and modernizing these ports of entry. The USA Act also would add an additional 55 immigration judges per year over the next 3 fiscal years. Finally, this bipartisan bill develops a strategy to address the factors driving migration from Northern Triangle countries in Central America. So you have the Dream Act, the clean Dream Act, which many of us fought for. You have the USA Act, another bipartisan bill that many in this House fought to put together. But it does not end there. In addition to these two avenues that could have been taken tonight here in this House to address the plight of 800,000 DREAMers, the Senate acted and sent us over an immigration framework of ideas led by Senators GRAHAM and D URBIN , in addition to Senators MICHAEL BENNET , J EFF FLAKE , and C ORY GARDNER , and Senator BOBMENENDEZ from New Jersey. Under this framework, the eligibility criteria bars DREAMers who have been convicted of crimes, and they must satisfy any Federal tax liability that they may have accrued while receiving work authorization under DACA. A pathway to citizenship would be 12 years, unlike the other two proposals that call for 8 years, this is at 12 years, and 2 of which they could get credit for for their time under DACA. This proposal, this framework, coming from the Senate also added additional border security elements which included $1.459 billion for wall planning, design, and construction, as well as an additional $1.1 billion for tactical infrastructure, software border surveillance technology, and other equipment. All three of these bills were crafted under a bipartisan effort by Members from both sides of the aisle. I think that it is tragic that we lost another great opportunity tonight to bring any one of those three bills to this floor to be voted upon by the Members of this House, particularly since the public sentiment—over 80 percent of America feels that these young people should stay in our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the great State of Texas, Congressman ALGREEN , who is my good friend and colleague. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I clearly, truly, and sincerely thank the gentleman from New York for yielding to me. I would like to acknowledge that his message was most edifying. It was made perspicuously clear, and anyone having the opportunity to hear his message clearly understands that there is a pathway to success for the DREAMers. I am grateful that he has given his message, and I am honored that he has yielded to me. Mr. Speaker, Dr. King—and I mention him tonight because we just celebrated his life and legacy, and I am still celebrating—but Dr. King reminded us that the time is always ripe—ripe—always ripe to do right. The time is always beneficial, the time is always right to do that which is right. There may appear to be circumstances before you that would cause you to conclude that there are great obstacles in your way, and because of these great obstacles, you probably should wait just a little bit longer. But there are some questions that cannot wait, and allowing time to pass will only allow greater harm to manifest itself. The time is always ripe, and the time is always right to do that which is right. In the past, the not too distant past, I was accorded the preeminent privilege of bringing a privileged resolution before the Congress, and that resolution was one for impeachment. That resolution received 58 votes to further the opportunity for impeachment to be voted upon. There were a good many people who were of the opinion that this was 57 more votes than expected. I had no idea as to the number of votes that would be cast for moving the resolution forward such that there might be an upordown vote on impeachment. I had no idea. Fiftyeight votes was acceptable to me. But I also want the RECORD to show, Mr. Speaker, that if there had been but one vote, that would have been acceptable to me because the time is always ripe to do that which is right, and it was the right thing to do to bring the Articles of Impeachment. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to say that I believe the time is ripe for additional Articles of Impeachment, and, as a result thereof, tomorrow, additional Articles of Impeachment will be brought because the time is ripe and because allowing additional time to pass will only allow additional harm to manifest itself without a proper challenge having been made to things that are occurring from the Presidency that, Mr. Speaker, cannot be tolerated. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to say that I have no idea as to what the vote will be when we vote tomorrow or within the next 2 legislative days, as required by the rules. My suspicion is that the vote will take place tomorrow. I don’t set the time for the vote. I determine when the resolution will be presented, and the Speaker of the House determines when the actual vote will take place. That is his to decide. I respect any decision that he makes. But as to my colleagues, I am not lobbying anyone to vote for this resolution. Each person must address what his or her conscience dictates. I have no idea as to what the vote will be, and I say this candidly because there are a good many people who will continually query: How will people vote? What will the outcome be? I have no idea, Mr. Speaker. But I say this: whatever the outcome, I will know that I have done the right thing. I will know that I will be on the right side of history, and I will know that there are unborn generations who will look back through the vista of time, and they will make decisions about the actions we take at this time. I will let them judge. It is unfortunate, but the people of the time that we live in can sometimes not be in the best position to judge the things that we do and the actions that we take. So I will know, Mr. Speaker, that we have done the right thing, and I will know that the judges who look through the vista of time will set the record straight for those who may have some confusion about what is happening at this time. I am confident, Mr. Speaker, that whatever the vote is, it will be a vote that will be recorded on our RECORD . It will be the second vote, and I want the RECORD to show that I repeatedly stood on the right side of history. I will repeatedly do this. For those who may be concerned, this may not be the last vote. So there may be more than two votes that we will take that will show where we stand on this great question of our time. What is the great question of our time? The great question of our time, as it relates to those of us in this country and around the world, is this: Are we going to allow the United States of America, the country that I love—no one sings ‘‘The StarSpangled Banner’’ louder than I do, maybe not in a perfect key. No one recites the pledge with greater enthusiasm than I do. No one believes in the words told in the Pledge of Allegiance, liberty and justice, more than I do. No one believes in the words in the Declaration of Independence, ‘‘All persons being created equal, endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights’’—no one believes these things more than I. I love my country. So the question is, this country, the leader of the free world—people around the world depend on us for leadership and guidance on the great issues impacting the world; whether they be political or moral, people in this world depend on the United States. People want to know: Where is the United States of America when it comes to a crisis? Regardless of the magnitude of the crisis, where are the Americans, the leaders of the free world? So, Mr. Speaker, the question is: Will we allow our preeminence in the world to be diminished by a perception that we condone and accept, in fact, will tolerate, bigotry? Will we tolerate bigotry? Will we allow the bigotry emanating in this country from the highest office to become the image of the United States of America? Will we allow people around the world to think that we condone this? I think not, 
which is why I will bring the Articles of Impeachment tomorrow. It is my opinion that I—personal pronoun—will not and should not tolerate bigotry. I lived too long, Mr. Speaker, and I fought too hard. I have suffered too many indignations associated with segregation. I had the Klan burn a cross in my yard. I know what bigotry looks like, I know what it smells like, I know what it sounds like, and I know what it feels like. So I have been involved and engaged in this struggle too long to tolerate it. I refuse to tolerate bigotry. The truth is, that which you will tolerate, you are not likely to change. If you will tolerate it, you are not likely to change it. So my vote tomorrow will be one indicative of a person who will not tolerate bigotry. My vote tomorrow will be one that I trust young children in years to come will be proud to say: One American stood against bigotry. We in this House have had years, in fact, centuries, to eradicate and eliminate the hatred associated with bigotry and invidious discrimination. We went through slavery. b2130 We fought back. We went through segregation. We changed the laws. But we cannot allow ourselves to be put in a position such that it will be perceived that we are amenable to allowing the clock, the hands of time, to be rolled back to a time that none of us would like to return to. Surely, I would not, given what I know about how bigotry impacts the lives and the psyches of human beings. We are confronting the great question of: What will the United States look like to the rest of the world? How will we be perceived? But more important than this, Mr. Speaker, the question is really: Will we stand by silently when we can plainly and clearly see that wrong is being perpetrated and that people are being harmed? Bigotry may not impact me the same way it impacts people who are working every day and who don’t have the benefit of Congress to come to and to work in the facilities that I work in. There are people who are hardworking Americans who are impacted by bigotry in ways that are harmful and that I and many others will not experience. There are people of color who will go in to apply for a loan and have their loans denied because of how they look. We have empirical evidence to support it. It happens. It still happens to people of color. There are people who will be impacted by bigotry simply because of who they happen to associate with in their intimate personal lives. There is still bigotry associated with the LGBTQ community. You can be fired because of who they happen to be, the person that God created. They can be fired for being that person. There are people who suffer from bigotry because of their religious beliefs. If you are Jewish, you may find yourself at some point suffering from bigotry perpetrated because of your belief in your God. If you are Muslim, you may find yourself suffering from the horrors associated with bigotry and being banned from a country because of your religious beliefs and because you are of the Islamic faith. Mr. Speaker, the list goes on and on. These are everyday, hardworking people who suffer. Those of us who are here in Congress may not suffer all of these indignations, but there are times when some of us, too, will befall to the ugliness of bigotry. Mr. Speaker, the question is: Will we allow people who we know we can help be assisted by virtue of the position that we take? I say to you, Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, sometime after we start our legislative day, I will come to the well and I will present Articles of Impeachment that will differ from the prior Articles of Impeachment. These articles will associate commentary made in the highest office in the land with policies that are produced. When you are in the White House and you say ugly comments about a continent, the countries within that continent, about other countries, and you are talking about immigration policy, surely it is reasonable to conclude that your commentary can be converted into your policy, that it can become part of your policy, and that if you conclude and if you, by your commentary, would have us know that you may have concluded that people from a predominantly White country are more welcome than people from countries of color, it is not unreasonable for one to conclude that your immigration policy may be one that is racebased masquerading as one that is merit based. It is not unreasonable, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, as I close, I want to apologize to people who I may have offended with my message, because the intent is not to offend. The intent is to speak the truth. Mr. Speaker, I take no great solace in having to bring this truth before the Congress of the United States of America. This is not something that I came to Congress to do. It is not something that I take great pleasure in doing. People say ugly things about me and to me. Just today, we had a call to our office, a threat that involved the taking of life. So this is nothing that I do with any degree of pleasure. I do it because it is right. And to all of the people who I may have offended, to colleagues that may somehow think ill of what I do, you have my apologies. It is really not about you. It is about democracy. It is about government of the people, by the people, and whether we will maintain government of the people, by the people. It is about the Republic and whether we will do as Franklin indicated, keep the Republic that we have. It really is not about any individual. It is not about any political party. It is about the greatest country in the world and whether we, who have the ability, the responsibility, if you will, to take on these challenges, will do so in such a way as to protect the institutions that we love. I am giving you my position. I give no one else’s position. I am a caucus of one. It is called the liberated democratic caucus. That is who I am, a liberated Democrat. That means that I cannot only speak truth to power, I can speak truth about power. Tonight, the truth is that we have a country in crisis. The stock market is up, yes. Jobs, yes, people are employed. There is something to be said about the types of jobs at minimum wage, but for this soliloquy, let’s just say people are employed. But these things are not what make a country great. The greatness of a country is not measured by how we treat people who live in the sweets of life. The greatness of a country is measured by how you treat people who live in the streets of life. Those who live in the streets of life are the ones who have to cope with bigotry that many of us never see and many don’t understand. So, Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to have had this moment to talk about the time that we will share tomorrow. It will take place. I do look forward to having the opportunity to stand in the well again of the Congress of America. It is a preeminent privilege, a superlative pleasure, and a splendiferous honor. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to thank the Congressional Progressive Caucus for allowing and facilitating this Special Order hour on DREAMers and DACA. On my previous intervention, I highlighted how we contemplated tonight, as this House passed a continuing resolution to fund government, and how for many months we contemplated three pieces of legislation to address the issues of DACA recipients and DREAMers that were drafted in a bipartisan way. As I mentioned earlier, the first one is the clean Dream Act. The second one, put together by the Problem Solvers Caucus, is the USA Act. The other Chamber, which is convening right now as I speak to debate whether or not the government should continue to be funded and to take up the continuing resolution that we sent over to the other House, as they debate that, they will realize that none of the three proposals that I highlighted earlier—the Dream Act, the USA Act, and also the immigration framework that came over from bipartisan Senators—is included in that continuing resolution, leaving the DREAMers and DACA recipients out in the cold, propelling me to once again vote against the continuing resolution, as I did over 3 weeks ago. 
This particular issue impacts 800,000 DREAMers across the Nation, a population bigger than any one of our congressional districts. Mr. Speaker, they will have a profound impact on the economy if they are left out in the cold. According to the Center for American Progress, my district, the 13th Congressional District in New York which I represent, will lose more than $155 million in their own local GDP. My home State, New York, will lose $2.6 billion. This is not chump change. This is what the numbers show that we will lose. So this is not a matter to be taken lightly. These young people are not just a group of folks who will have an important impact on our economy. They are also having an impact on healthcare. Many of them are working to serve our senior population. Many of them continue to be providing services impacting patients across our Nation’s healthcare system. According to a 2016 survey by groups, including the National Immigration Law Center and the Center for American Progress, more than one in five DREAMers also works in the healthcare and educational industries. So these young people who are being left out in the cold by this continuing resolution that is being debated in the Senate right now work in our hospitals, in our clinics, in our communitybased clinics. They take care of our seniors, our children, those who are perhaps ill with a catastrophic disease. They also work in our educational system. So they are productive members of our society. Let me just say that they are also working very hard to distinguish themselves in higher education. Every year, an estimated 65,000 undocumented students graduate from high school. About 10,000 undocumented students graduate from college every single year. Before President Obama announced DACA, these young people faced great barriers when it came to higher education. We are nowhere close to where we need to be if 55,000 high school graduates are not pursuing a higher education. Let’s not forget these students. Let’s not forget these DREAMers. Let’s not forget these DACA recipients. We have made a full effort in the House and in the Senate to have a bipartisan approach to solving this issue, but yet, once again, the continuing resolution which is currently, right now, being debated in the Senate chose to leave the DREAMers out in the cold. Mr. Speaker, we will continue this fight. I ask the DREAMers not to be afraid. I ask them not to be deterred, not to be discouraged, not to dismay. We will continue this fight until they are allowed to stay here with their families and they can continue to make America a stronger nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 117. An act to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’. S. 139. An act to amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to improve foreign intelligence collection and the safeguards, accountability, and oversight of acquisitions of foreign intelligence, to extend title VII of such Act, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, January 19, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3788. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Alan R. Lynn, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3789. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — National Priorities List [EPAHQOLEM20170073, 0074, 0075 and 0076; FRL997300OLEM] received January 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3790. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s direct final rule — National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Authority to Texas [EPAR06 OAR20170061; FRL997228Region 6] received January 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3791. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Consumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Advanced Methods to Target and Eliminate Unlawful Robocalls [CG Docket No.: 1759] received January 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3792. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Consumer and Governmental Affairs Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Modification of Subpart G, Section 0.701 of the Commission’s Rules received January 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3793. A letter from the Deputy Bureau Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Part 11 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Emergency Alert System [PS Docket No.: 1594] received January 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3794. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions, Clarifications, and Technical Corrections to the Export Administration Regulations [170207157715701] (RIN: 0694AH31) received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3795. A letter from the Acting General Counsel, General Services Administration, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, change in previously submitted reported information, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3796. A letter from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustments received January 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3797. A letter from the Acting Director and General Counsel, General Counsel and Legal Policy Division, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalties Inflation Adjustments for Ethics in Government Act Violations (RIN: 3209AA38) received January 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY (for himself, Mr. ROYCE of California, Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. ROSLEHTINEN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Ms. B ASS): H.R. 4819. A bill to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C LAY, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. POCAN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. SABLAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. L ARSONof Connecticut, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. DELBENE, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. COHEN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. S OTO, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. KEATING , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. HANABUSA , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. K IHUEN ): H.R. 4820. A bill to extend funding for certain public health programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Ms. CHENEY, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. FERGUSON , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. H ANDEL, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. LAHOOD): H.R. 4821. A bill to impose sanctions against entities owned or controlled by the Armed Forces of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. B YRNE , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. DEUTCH , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana): H.R. 4822. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, investigation, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Ethics, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 4823. A bill to amend the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 to include certain areas in the Central Texas Corridor; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. BUCK, Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. S TEWART ): H.R. 4824. A bill to allow certain State permitting authority to encourage expansion of broadband service to rural communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mr. CURTIS , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. RASKIN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 4825. A bill to improve medical research on marijuana; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. NORTON , Mr. C LAY, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. COOPER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. WELCH , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. GOMEZ ): H.R. 4826. A bill to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to require the development of ethics plans for certain transition teams, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. MENG, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. HOYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. DELANEY , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Mr. COLE, and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 4827. A bill to provide for the compensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LONG (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. DUFFY ): H.R. 4828. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. NORMAN , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. GALLAGHER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. C OURT NEY): H.R. 4829. A bill to promote a 21st Century artificial intelligence workforce; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. POSEY , Mr. M AST, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. O’ROURKE ): H.R. 4830. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the disapproval of any course of education for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs unless the educational institution providing the course permits individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment by Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Ms. STEFANIK , and Mr. B UCSHON ): H.R. 4831. A bill to extend the moratorium on the annual fee on health insurance providers; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 4832. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that an eligible telecommunications carrier may use high cost universal service support to aid in the restoration of telecommunications capabilities in an area in which the President has declared a major disaster or emergency and may elect to receive an advance payment of such support; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. EVANS , Mr. R USH, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. MOORE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 4833. A bill to require that States release persons charged with a misdemeanor on nonmonetary conditions only prior to court adjudication; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 4834. A bill to enable State and local promotion of alternative fuel and highefficiency motor vehicle fleets; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for herself and Mr. POEof Texas): H.R. 4835. A bill to extend the pilot program on offbase transition training for veterans and spouses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, and Ms. H ANABUSA ): H.R. 4836. A bill to provide an exemption to noncontiguous States for certain essential air service requirements; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. NORTON , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. B EYER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. E VANS , Mr. RUSH, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. PAYNE , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. BONAMICI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. ESHOO , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. M CNERNEY): H.R. 4837. A bill to prohibit the introduction of the Armed Forces into hostilities in North Korea without a declaration of war or explicit statutory authorization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H.R. 4838. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to award institutions of higher education grants for teaching English learners; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 4839. A bill to provide for the establishment of an inventory of Federal assets to provide information to entities that construct or operate communications facilities or provide communications service; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4840. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. T HOMPSON  of California): H.R. 4841. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for electronic prior authorization under Medicare part D for covered part D drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 4842. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide that the Federal Communications Commission is not required to perform any review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 or division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, as a condition of permitting the placement and installation of a communications facility, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WESTERMAN (for himself, Ms. ROSEN , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. PANETTA , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. POLIQUIN ): H.R. 4843. A bill to modify the presumption of service connection for veterans who were exposed to herbicide agents while serving in the Armed Forces in Thailand during the Vietnam era, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. F OSTER, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. NORTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. POCAN , and Mr. S CHIFF ): H. Res. 699. A resolution expressing support for designation of February 12, 2018, as ‘‘Darwin Day’’ and recognizing the importance of science in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. NADLER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. BASS, Ms. M OORE , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. NORTON , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. L EE, Mr. CLAY, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. F UDGE , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. PAYNE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. E VANS , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. COHEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. RASKIN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. DELAURO , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T HOMP SONof California, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. SIRES, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. WELCH , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. FOSTER , Mr. K EATING , Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. BERA, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MENG, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C RIST, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. SOTO, Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. DOGGETT , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OOPER, Mr. B EYER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Ms. R OSEN , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. SCHIFF , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. H ECK, Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. N EAL, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. KILMER ): H. Res. 700. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding President Donald J. Trump’s remarks about Haiti, El Salvador, and African Nations; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FLORES: H. Res. 701. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that with respect to any study required to be conducted by the Federal Communications Commission, or any entity regulated by the Commission under the Federal Communications Act of 1934, under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 or division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the National Historic Preservation Act), for the provision of broadband infrastructure, the area to be studied should be limited to the area of impact; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD ): H. Res. 702. A resolution recognizing the roles and the contributions of America’s Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) and their role in providing quality healthcare for the public; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BIGGS: H. Res. 703. A resolution designating the week of January 21 through January 27, 2018, as ‘‘National School Choice Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ): H. Res. 704. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the courageous work and life of Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman, and calling for a swift and transparent investigation into his tragic death in Buenos Aires on January 18, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FORTENBERRY: H.R. 4819. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 4820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 4821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One Section Eight of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 4822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 5 of the United States Constitution ‘‘Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a smaller Number may adjourn from day to 
day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each House may provide. Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behaviour, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member. Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.’’ By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 4823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 4824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 4825. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which grants Congress the power to, among other things, regulate Commerce among the several States. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 4826. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 4827. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of section 9 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LONG: H.R. 4828. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all the Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4829. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 4830. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the United State Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4831. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 4832. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 4833. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 4834. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under the following provisions of the United States Constitution: Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 4835. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 4836. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 4837. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 4838. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 4839. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 4840. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘To establish Post offices and postal roads.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Necessary and Proper Clause By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 4841. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 4842. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 4843. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: A bill to modify the presumption of service connection for veterans exposed to herbicides while serving in Thailand Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 113: Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 350: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 389: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 466: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 483: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 547: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 681: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. G RAVES of Lou isiana, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 719: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 771: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 850: Mr. COLE, Mr. K USTOFF of Ten nessee, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. R OSS, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. GALLAGHER , and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 858: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 959: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1173: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1192: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 1212: Mr. COOK, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. R USH, Mr. C OLE, and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1227: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1298: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1322: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 1339: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 1426: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 1456: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 1494: Mr. SMUCKER and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . H.R. 1536: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. PETERS , and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 1554: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 1661: Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1675: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 1683: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. O’ROURKE , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1810: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 1861: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1928: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1953: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 2004: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2092: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 2147: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2166: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi and Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 2220: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 2401: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 2528: Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 2688: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 2740: Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Ms. FUDGE , and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . H.R. 2856: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2871: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 2890: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2899: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 2996: Mr. GALLAGHER and Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee. H.R. 3528: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3635: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 3654: Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3664: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 3692: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3711: Mr. PALAZZO and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 3730: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 3738: Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. POLIS, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3755: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3780: Mr. PALAZZO and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 3842: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3976: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. CHABOT , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. FOSTER , and Mr. R ENACCI . H.R. 4058: Mr. FERGUSON . H.R. 4062: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4099: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4116: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 4117: Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4122: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4143: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 4152: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4159: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4160: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 4198: Mrs. DINGELL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. BROWN of Maryland. H.R. 4203: Mr. BACON . H.R. 4221: Mr. COHEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. SCHIFF , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. K ING of New York, and Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4229: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 4253: Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 4256: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut and Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 4274: Mr. DESJARLAIS and Mr. D UNCAN  of Tennessee. H.R. 4312: Mr. COOK. H.R. 4392: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 4396: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4413: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 4451: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4453: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 4476: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 4494: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4505: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 4547: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Mr. YOHO. H.R. 4575: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4582: Mr. RUSH and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4607: Ms. TENNEY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. PITTENGER , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 4635: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4647: Mr. LOBIONDO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 4666: Mr. MACARTHUR , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Mr. H ARPER . H.R. 4684: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 4691: Mr. QUIGLEY , Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4693: Mr. QUIGLEY , Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 4704: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4706: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 4712: Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. GARRETT , Mr. D UNN, and Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 4725: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 4732: Mr. KILMER , Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. K ING of New York, and Mr. HECK. H.R. 4736: Mr. FERGUSON and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 4747: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 4760: Mrs. ROBY, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. PALAZZO , and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 4768: Ms. TENNEY , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4784: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. J UDY CHUof California. H.R. 4794: Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. C OLE, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 4796: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 4815: Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. C ROWLEY . H. Con. Res. 8: Mrs. DINGELL . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. MOULTON , Mr. GALLEGO , and Ms. F UDGE . H. Res. 220: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H. Res. 244: Mr. HUFFMAN . H. Res. 257: Mr. CULBERSON . H. Res. 401: Mr. NOLAN . H. Res. 570: Mr. GOHMERT . H. Res. 684: Mr. SUOZZI and Mr. M AST. f 
76. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Pascagoula, Mississippi, relative to a resolution supporting continued and increased exploration and production of Gulf of Mexico energy resources; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S265 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18, 2018 No. 11 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JOHN BOOZMAN , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Creator and Redeemer, cleanse us from anything that hinders the knowing and doing of Your will. Give our lawmakers clean hands and pure hearts which will fit them to serve You and all people. Liberate them from forces that keep them from moving toward consensus. As they seek to bring unity to our Nation and world, teach them how to best serve the common welfare, to assure personal freedoms, and to fulfill the purposes of Your Kingdom. Lord, bless them beyond their expectations. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 