Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to welcome Minister La’Shawn Worrell as our guest chaplain here at the United States House of Representatives. Minister Worrell has demonstrated leadership in Baltimore and throughout the Seventh Congressional District of Maryland. She has served as an associate minister of my church, the New Psalmist Baptist Church in Baltimore, since 2007. During her time at New Psalmist Baptist Church, Minister Worrell received her bachelor of science degree in religious studies from Notre Dame of Maryland University in May 2017 and completed the Baltimore City Police Department chaplaincy program in May of this year. It is clear to me that, considering Minister Worrell’s drive and extensive contributions to our district, she is just getting started. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Minister Worrell for her leadership and for her wonderful prayer. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 50th wedding anniversary of my good friends Woody and Lynda Freeman of Jonesboro, Arkansas, two people who are true examples of commitment to the covenant of marriage. Woody and Lynda met and started dating in the small town of Newport, Arkansas, when they were in the eighth grade. In high school, Woody was captain of the football team and Lynda was homecoming queen. Woody taught Lynda how to drive and could always make her laugh—and still does. They eventually married in 1968 during their senior year at the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville. Not long after they were married, Woody, an Army second lieutenant, was deployed to Vietnam, where he was a courier for the CIA. He sent Lynda gifts and films he took of Vietnam and called whenever he could, and whenever he was on R&R in Hawaii, Lynda flew to see him. Following Woody’s return from Vietnam, the family faced hard times. It was because of their vow to each other before God that they were able to make it through their lean years, when Lynda pawned her wedding ring as Woody worked tirelessly, both doing what was needed to raise their children. As with their marriage, they have diligently worked to make their business and family prosper. With never yielding prayer, they have succeeded. During their 50 years of marriage, they have experienced the joy and perseverance of unconditional love and faith in one another. For their commitment to each other, to their family, and to God, I invite my colleagues in Congress to join me in honoring their life together. 
CELEBRATING BOB GRIP ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Bob Grip on his retirement after 33 years at FOX10 News in Mobile, Alabama, and an even more impressive 48 years in journalism. Bob has been a mainstay in television in southwest Alabama and the Florida Panhandle for over three decades. Through his work at the anchor desk, Bob helped create a more informed community. Just as impressive is Bob’s contribution away from the TV station. He has dedicated countless hours to numerous service organizations and programs, including teaching journalism classes and hosting high school academic competitions. One of my fondest memories with Bob was when he tagged along for a day of my townhall meetings in rural Alabama. At each stop, Bob was the highlight. In fact, there is no doubt that more people were excited to see Bob than their Congressman. It was a testament to just how loved and respected Bob Grip is by so many people in southwest Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Bob a friend, and I wish him and his wife, Marie, all of the best in their retirement. f 
WE NEED AN INDUSTRIAL POLICY THAT WORKS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, during the campaign, thencandidate Trump came to Warren, Michigan, and promised workers: ‘‘You won’t lose one plant, I promise you that.’’ Well, the President’s promises ring hollow. Just this week, General Motors announced plans to close five plants, including factories in Michigan just miles from where President Trump made his broken campaign promise. These plant closures are symbolic of the Trump economy, one that does not work for the American worker. It works for boardroom executives. It works for wealthy shareholders. It works for corporations and the people at the top. I am a Flint, Michigan, kid. General Motors was founded in my hometown. We know what happens when companies move their jobs overseas. We used to have 80,000 auto jobs in my town— now, less than 10,000. These plant closures have a devastating impact on the lives of thousands of people. We need an economy that works for everyone, and we need a President who is willing to work with Democrats and Republicans to craft an industrial policy that puts America to work, that stands up for the American worker. No more hollow promises. 
PANCREATIC CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, November is Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month, and I am pleased to recognize an organization in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, that works to raise awareness and seeks to cure this disease. My constituent Christine Edmonds formed A Love for Life based in Newtown, Bucks County, nearly 6 years ago in memory of her husband, Kevin Edmonds. Kevin died in April 2012 at the young age of 51 after a brave battle with pancreatic cancer, shortly after 
his sister Nora died of the very same illness. The mission of A Love for Life is to ensure that pancreatic cancer research is properly funded. Pancreatic cancer is a very, very devastating illness. The average survival rate for stage IV pancreatic cancer averages around 6 months. A Love for Life is looking to change that, partnering with the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania to promote advanced research. We offer our heartfelt thanks and gratitude to A Love for Life and Christine Edmonds for their work to eradicate pancreatic cancer in our community, in our country, and in our world. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of our constituents and everyone in our community to follow her courageous lead in standing up for and serving a cause bigger than herself. 
b1215 RECOGNIZING VERA DULANEY’S RETIREMENT (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Vera Dulaney, who, after 36 years of official service to her community, will retire from her position as Scotts Bluff County clerk and election commissioner. Vera is a faithful public servant who works to protect the integrity of our elections and sets an example for many others in her family and community to follow. In fact, her daughter, Kathy, is the city clerk of our city of Gering. For over 30 years, Vera has served as a member of the board of directors for Oregon Trail Days, which is held each year to showcase the history and culture of western Nebraska. In cooperation with the Boy Scouts of America, Vera continues to provide leadership for the Ed Dulaney Canoe Derby, which is named after her late husband, who started it over 45 years ago. When she was recently presented the Community Volunteer Award for public service, Vera said she could think of many others who she thought were actually more deserving of the award. Please join me in honoring an incredibly humble, hardworking, and selfless advocate of western Nebraska, Mrs. Vera Dulaney. 
SCOTT M CLEAN/PATHWAY TO FREEDOM (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Scott McLean, the founder and executive director of Pathway to Freedom, for being awarded the 2018 Marie Interfaith Civic Leadership Award. This award is given annually to recognize citizens whose work addresses important community issues in Arkansas. Scott created the Pathway to Freedom program in 2011 with the goal of changing prison culture and breaking the cycle of recidivism in our State. The program provides educational, valuesbased prerelease services to prisoners, while also preparing inmates to reintegrate into society and return to being a productive citizen. Pathway to Freedom seeks to transform prisoners’ lives with an 18month prerelease residential program through a contract with the Arkansas Department of Corrections. It also provides, importantly, 12 months of mentoring and support once our prisoners shift back to society. I extend a hand of gratitude and congratulations to my good friend Scott and the entire Pathway to Freedom program for their selfless and worthwhile investment in our citizens and our State’s future. f 
b1631 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YODER ) at 4 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6753) to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a publicprivate partnership for purposes of identifying health care waste, fraud, and abuse, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6753 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 6753, the Strengthening the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018, authored by Chairman GREG WALDEN and Ranking Member FRANK PALLONE of the Energy and Commerce Committee. H.R. 6753 seeks to codify the Health Care Fraud Prevention Partnership, which would better equip public and private organizations to combat and prevent fraud and abuse in our healthcare system. Tens of billions of dollars are lost to healthcare fraud in the United States every year, and much of this fraud is preventable or, at the very least, detectable. Fraud and abuse within our healthcare system comes in various forms, ranging from telephone or email scams to obtain patient information to fraudulent billing practices. Healthcare fraud is not only costly to the Federal and State governments and an avoidable waste of taxpayer dollars. Fraud and abuse is costly for, and often hurtful to, American patients. For example, in May of this year, a doctor in Texas was indicted in a fraud case involving $240 million worth of claims. A Department of Justice investigation found that the rheumatologist had given patients false diagnoses, followed by chemotherapy and other treatments that they did not need. Americans should feel confident in and be able to trust their doctors. The unfortunate reality is that there are bad actors who make decisions based solely on financial interests and not on what is best for the patient or for their fellow citizens. Another Texas case was settled just last month as a hospital administrator in Houston was convicted for his involvement in a $16 million fraud scheme. In this particular case, the hospital administrator had orchestrated a system of kickbacks with various individuals in return for sending Medicare patients to certain partial hospitalization program services. Thanks to various investigative bodies bridging the Departments of Justice and Health and Human Services, this fraud was uncovered and investigated in an effort to protect both patients and taxpayer dollars from exploitation. Lastly, near my district in north Texas, there was a scheme in which a semiretired doctor signed off on fraudulent paperwork, including payments for fake patients. What started as a retirement gig rubberstamping documents ended in his conviction, due to his involvement in a $13 million home healthcare scam. The scam in its entirety stole $373 million from Medicare and Medicaid. I could go on with stories of healthcare fraud just in Texas, because these three examples are just the tip of the iceberg. Unfortunately, rampant healthcare fraud is not a Texasspecific issue. It is prevalent across our Nation. This is why we need to pass H.R. 6753 and codify the Health Care Fraud Prevention Partnership. The partnership was established by the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services and the United States Attorney General in September 2012 through the signing of a charter. It is currently operated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and has allowed for increased coordination in addressing healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse, but has not been codified in statute. This partnership is voluntary among both private and public entities to reduce fraud in our healthcare system. Participants in this critical partnership include the Federal Government, State agencies, law enforcement, private health insurance plans, employer 
organizations, and other associations. The partnership allows for robust analyses of healthcare across different players, including Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurers. While these partners have access to their own data, crosspayer analyses are crucial in identifying savings and increasing detection of fraud, waste, and abuse. Collaborating through data sharing and other methods, the partners can paint a broad picture of the fraud networks and cast a wide net, increasing the ability to intervene and stop payments, and establish new and effective fraud prevention techniques. It is worth noting that, in addition to codifying and formalizing the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force, the bill requires the task force to perform an analysis of abnormal or fraudulent billing patterns and trends by providers and suppliers of substance use disorder treatments. This effort fits nicely into what Congress has accomplished this year with the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act being signed into law. H.R. 6753 will make a difference in cutting waste, fraud, and abuse in our healthcare system. I support this legislation and urge fellow Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Strengthening the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act of 2018. This bipartisan bill would authorize the Healthcare Fraud Prevention Partnership and expand and enhance the task force’s capabilities to fight waste, fraud, and abuse throughout our healthcare system. This, in turn, will reduce costs for families and taxpayers. The Healthcare Fraud Prevention Partnership is a publicprivate partnership between the Department of Health and Human Services, private payers, Federal and State law enforcement agencies, and State healthcare agencies. The partnership aims to improve the detection and prevention of healthcare fraud by promoting the exchange of data and information between the public and private sectors on fraud trends, as well as successful anti fraud practices. The legislation we are considering today would require the partnership to report regularly to Congress and give the agency the tools it needs to enhance and expand its capability. This is a good bill that makes sense, a bill that will work. We must continue to work, on a bipartisan basis, to enhance our fraud detection capabilities. I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to continue working together to find meaningful solutions to reduce costs by rooting out fraud, waste, and abuse in our healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6753, the Health Care Fraud Prevention Task Force Act. This bipartisan bill— which I introduced with Ranking Member FRANK PALLONE , and is supported by Ways and Means Chairman KEVIN BRADY and Ranking Member RICHARD NEAL—passed the Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously earlier this year. This will be the 132nd bill that our committee has passed this Congress, 92 percent of which have been bipartisan just like this one. I look forward to continuing in that vein over the next two years. By passing this bill, we will be codifying a program that already works. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) currently operates the Health Care Fraud Prevention Partnership—a voluntary collaboration between the federal government, state agencies, law enforcement, private health insurance plans, and antifraud associations. Together, this group works to detect and prevent fraud that threatens to undermine our nation’s health care system. This program was created by the Obama Administration, and the Trump Administration has recommended codifying it into law. The bill before us today does just that, also strengthening and expanding the scope of partnership’s work. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this commonsense, bipartisan bill to improve the integrity of our nation’s health care system. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6753, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ACTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2422) to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for lowincome and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the Action for Dental Health Act of 2018. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members 
may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we can all agree that good oral health is important for all Americans: our children, our seniors, and our families in north Texas and other neighborhoods across the Nation. It affects our ability to speak, eat, and show emotions. Yet, good oral health remains an unmet medical need for many Americans, particularly in rural or underserved communities. Increasing access to vital healthcare services like dental health is a priority for many on the Energy and Commerce Committee. So I am pleased that today the House is again considering H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act of 2018, following recent action in the Senate. This bill, introduced by Representatives ROBIN KELLY and M IKESIMPSON , takes several steps to improve essential oral healthcare for disadvantaged patients by breaking down barriers to care and giving them the dental health treatment and disease prevention services they need through existing Federal dollars. Also, most of us are aware that poor oral health can raise the risk of tooth decay, gum disease, and oral cancer. These oral diseases can lead to pain and disability for millions of Americans. It also costs taxpayers and employers billions of dollars each year. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, on average, the Nation spends more than $124 billion per year on costs related to dental care. More than $6 billion of productivity is lost each year because employees miss work because of dental problems. Poor oral health can even be linked to other chronic health conditions such as diabetes and heart disease. Many of these conditions can be avoided by simple preventive measures, such as regular cleaning and water fluoridation. Dentists and dental specialists from Texas discussed similar concerns with me during meetings in the district and here in Washington. H.R. 2422 aims to address these issues and has the support of several national dental groups like the American Dental Association and the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry, to name two. Specifically, the bill seeks to reauthorize activities for oral health promotion and disease prevention at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In many rural and underserved regions in Texas, these activities would expand schoolbased dental sealant programs and further support community water fluoridation. b1645 The bill also establishes an Action for Dental Health Program within the Department of Health and Human Services to improve oral health education and reduce barriers to oral healthcare by awarding grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to dental associations, health departments, accredited dental education programs, or nonprofit, community based organizations. These grants and agreements could be used by these eligible entities to collaborate with State or local public health officials, Tribal health officials, oral health professionals, or other appropriate groups to support initiatives under the Action for Dental Health Program. Lastly, this legislation reauthorizes and expands a grant program through the Health Resources and Services Administration for innovative dental programs at over $13 million annually for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. These grants will help States increase their oral health workforce and offer needed dental care in dental health professional shortage areas. Some of the eligible activities for States include establishing dental homes, which refers to comprehensive oral healthcare, for children and adults and creating initiatives to reduce the use of emergency departments for dental services. I believe targeting resources to facilitate the provision of dental services to those in need in addition to improving oral health education will help prevent dental diseases before they start. This will ultimately reduce medical complications, emergency room visits, and poor dental health outcomes in underserved communities, not only in Texas but across the United States. Benjamin Franklin once famously stated that ‘‘an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.’’ We can heed those famous words by passing H.R. 2422 today and sending it to the President’s desk. I urge all Members to support this important and bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand proudly in support of H.R. 2422, my bipartisan Action for Dental Health Act. Since 2013, I have been working with my colleagues to emphasize the importance of oral health, especially for America’s children and seniors. Tooth decay is the most common chronic childhood disease, five times more common than asthma and seven times more common than hay fever. Furthermore, a child’s oral health status is directly tied to their academic achievement and school attendance. Likewise, poor oral health, such as toothlessness or tooth decay, are potentially lifethreatening conditions for our grandmothers and grandfathers, and Medicare does not cover dental health services. Unfortunately, so many other Americans in between childhood and elderly adulthood lack access to oral healthcare because of cost or a lack of dentists in their area. The Action for Dental Health bill starts to change this by making oral healthcare more accessible for those in need without new Federal spending. Once enacted, the Action for Dental Health Act will empower the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to deliver more and better dental healthcare to underserved populations, especially urban and rural communities, and increase education about the importance of oral health. This legislation will strengthen the impact of existing resources and services. The goal of the Action for Dental Health Act is to reduce the number of oral health emergency room visits, which are often costly, not comprehensive, and only occur at late stages after causing other negative health effects. So, in the short and long term, this bill will save money for patients and taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, the Action for Dental Health Act is cosponsored by 83 Members of Congress and supported by the American Dental Association, the National Dental Association, the American Dental Education Association, and 39 other advocacy groups. The bipartisan companion legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate by Senator CORYBOOKER as S. 3016. When originally debated in February, it passed this House with 90 percent of Members voting ‘‘yes.’’ I am especially proud to have worked with Congressman MIKE SIMPSON of Idaho, one of a handful of dentists in Congress. I offer my deepest thanks to him and his team. I thank him for his steadfast leadership, expertise, and partnership. In this time of a deeply divided Congress, I am glad that Congressman SIMPSON and I could put forward a bipartisan bill that has won the support of hundreds of our colleagues and field leaders. I look forward to working with him on more bipartisan solutions to increase access to healthcare, especially oral healthcare. The Action for Dental Health Act is a prime example of how Congress should work. Together, we developed the idea, consulted with experts in the field, worked across the aisle on the legislative text, introduced it, advanced it through the committee process, organized House and Senate votes, amended the bill, and we now look to advance this critical bill to President Trump’s desk to make it law. This is how Congress should work. We need to get back to this cooperative process. Let us not delay making way for quality dental health services for Americans in need. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B URGESS) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2422. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STATE OF MODERN APPLICATION, RESEARCH, AND TRENDS OF IOT ACT Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6032) to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the state of the internetconnected devices industry in the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6032 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State of Modern Application, Research, and Trends of IoT Act’’ or the ‘‘SMART IoT Act’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 6032, the State of Modern Application, Research, and Trends of IoT Act, or the SMART IoT Act. Earlier this year, the SMART IoT Act was unanimously approved by the Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee and the full Energy and Commerce Committee. I would like to thank Chairman WALDEN for his support of this bipartisan legislation. I also want to thank Representative WELCH for his leadership as the original cosponsor of the SMART IoT Act and the many bipartisan members of the Energy and Commerce Committee for cosponsoring this bill. Representative WELCH and I have been working together on these issues for years, including as cofounders of the Internet of Things Working Group in the 114th Congress. Today marks an important step towards maximizing the full potential of Internetconnected devices, more commonly known as smart devices. Almost any physical object can be transformed into a smart device with microchips, sensors, and wireless communications. Once transformed, these smart devices connect through a network to share, exchange, and analyze data to gather insights used to solve problems or enable new capabilities. IoT solutions will benefit consumers and businesses by improving productivity, efficiency, and much more. Whether we are talking about advancements to automobiles that will improve roadway safety and save lives or smartcity applications that will improve services for residents, one thing is clear: We have the chance to benefit from a more connected world. Because of the vast benefits of IoT, we are seeing significant economic impacts across a number of industries. By 2025, it is projected that the total economic impact of IoT could reach $11.1 trillion. This includes value increases annually of up to $2.5 trillion in the healthcare sector, $2.3 trillion in manufacturing, $300 billion in infrastructure, $100 billion in agriculture, and $50 billion in vehicle use. To realize these benefits, we must ensure the Government does not get in the way. Throughout numerous meetings over the years, we heard from many stakeholders. What became clear is that it is difficult to know who is doing what, both in the Federal Government and also in the private sector. A lack of collaboration and dialogue presents the problem of creating unnecessary barriers to innovation and commonsense policy, something we cannot afford to do if we want to unleash the power of IoT in the United States. We must equip ourselves and industry with information about what Federal, publicprivate, and selfregulatory efforts are in place or under way. This is why we developed the SMART IoT Act. The SMART IoT Act directs the Secretary of Commerce to create a compendium to answer that very question: Who is doing what? At the Federal level, this is what will help promote interagency discussions and avoid conflicting or duplicative obligations or regulations that may slow innovation and progress. At the industry level, this will help innovators and businesses know how entities are developing, using, and promoting use of IoT solutions. It will also highlight industrybased efforts to self regulate and provide all stakeholders with a resource to facilitate communication and information sharing. The SMART IoT Act is a critical first step to future IoT policy efforts. It provides important information that will foster Federal collaboration and streamline private industry efforts. We have an obligation to do what we can to promote American competitiveness and technological advancements that benefit Americans in an environment where other countries are trying to overtake the United States in technical innovation. Mr. Speaker, again I thank Chairman WALDEN , Representative W ELCH , and 
all of the bipartisan cosponsors of H.R. 6032, the SMART IoT Act. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 6032, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), and I ask unanimous consent that she may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? There was no objection. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from Ohio for introducing this legislation and shepherding it through committee and onto the floor. The SMART IoT, Internet of Things, Act is a product of bipartisan cooperation. As I did during subcommittee markup, I want to thank Chairman LATTA and Congressman W ELCH for their leadership on this issue, going back to the IoT Working Group in the 114th Congress. This bill will require the Commerce Department to survey the varieties of connected devices available and examine the Federal role in this space. The study conducted under this bill should serve as the foundation for future legislative efforts as we work to ensure that Internetconnected devices are deployed to the benefit of the American consumer. The SMART IoT Act is being considered under suspension of the rules after committee consideration under regular order. After a series of hearings on the Internet of things, Republican and Democratic staff worked together on a discussion draft of the bill. Earlier this year, we held a legislative hearing where we heard testimony from the Center for Democracy and Technology, the Chamber of Commerce, and Intel. That hearing raised several issues that we should continue to examine; including privacy, security, and safety. We are leaving major consumer protection issues unresolved in this area and other areas. Earlier this month, in Chicago, we celebrated the 10th anniversary of the passage of the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act, which included provisions that I worked on to include and improve the safety of children’s toys. Advocates there discussed how more work needs to be done to ensure that children’s toys are safe. Someone mentioned how smart toys are becoming more and more available, and questions were raised: Are these smart toys able now to track our kids and where they are? So, the technologies have changed the safety of toys, and we have to be sure that we are looking at that. Our anger over misuse of consumer data has been bipartisan, but we have not yet come together on solutions. I am hopeful that we will be able to change that in the coming months. As many Members of this body are aware, I have introduced the Secure and Protect America’s Data Act, which I believe is a good starting point to begin discussion. b1700 I continue to urge my Republican colleagues to bring their ideas to the table so we can work together to find common ground. American consumers deserve action. For now, I am pleased to move forward on legislation where we have reached consensus like this. I look forward to continuing our cooperation on this legislation as it moves to full committee in the weeks ahead. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge support of H.R. 6032, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6032, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ADDING IRELAND TO E–3 NONIMMIGRANT VISA PROGRAM Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7164) to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant visa program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7164 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 7164, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7164, a bill to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant program. The bill was introduced by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and is a simple bill that recognizes the unique friendship and working relationship between the United States and Ireland. H.R. 7164 allows nationals of Ireland to be eligible to apply for unused E–3 nonimmigrant visas, subject to Ireland providing reciprocal access to U.S. nationals. Holders of E–3 temporary work visas must be working in a specialty occupation while in the United States. A specialty occupation is one that is defined in the Immigration and Nationality Act as requiring: One, ‘‘theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge;’’ and, two, ‘‘the attainment of a bachelor’s or higher degree in the specific specialty, or its equivalent, as a minimum for entry into the occupation in the United States.’’ The E–3 applicant must have a job offer from an employer in the U.S., and that employer must get foreign labor certification from the U.S. Department of Labor prior to filing a petition with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. H.R. 7164 also requires that employers using Irish E–3 visa holders in their workforce are and will remain participants in good standing in the EVerify program. This means that such employers must use EVerify to ensure that those they employ are eligible to work in the United States. 
E–3 nonimmigrant visas are currently only available to nationals of Australia and are capped at 10,500 per year. Australian nationals have not ever used all of the 10,500 authorized visas in a given year, nor have they come close to doing so. In fact, the highest number used was during fiscal year 2017 when 5,657 were issued. H.R. 7164 provides that nationals of Ireland can utilize those visas not used by Australians in a given year. For operational purposes, the visa can be issued the following year but will be counted against the previous year’s cap. The bill does not increase the number of visas authorized, and allows Australia, for whose nationals the program was originally created, to have first access to the numbers. H.R. 7164 is a simple bill that reflects the continued friendship between Ireland and the United States. I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ) for his work and his leadership on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7164, a bill to add Ireland to the E–3 nonimmigrant visa program. In 2005, soon after the United States and Australia finalized the Australia U.S. Free Trade Agreement, Congress created the E–3 program for Australian nationals. That program provides up to 10,500 temporary visas, similar to H–1B visas, for Australians seeking to work in the United States in what are known as specialty occupations. As with the H–1B program, specialty occupations are those that require ‘‘theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge’’ in fields such as science, engineering, and computer programming. Australia has never used more than a fraction of the 10,500 E–3 visas that are made available each year in the program. In light of this fact, this bill would add Ireland to the program, thus allowing Irish nationals to use some of those remaining, unused visas. As amended, the bill would take the number of E–3 visas left unused by Australia in a given fiscal year and make that same number available to Irish nationals the following fiscal year. This is a commonsense bill that recognizes the important bond we share with two of our country’s closest and most steadfast allies. I congratulate my friends, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , former chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and Mr. NEAL, ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee—soon to be chairman of the Ways and Means Committee—for championing this bill. They both deserve credit for working across the aisle on this issue. I would be remiss, however, if I did not also point out the continuing need to reform our immigration system in a more comprehensive and fundamental manner. Small fixes such as this bill are fine, but this body also must find ways to come together to enact broader, more meaningful reforms of our immigration system for the good of the American people. With that, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I recognize and thank the gentleman, Mr. NEAL, for his leadership, as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ). Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7164. The United States was built on the hard work and the determination of immigrants, many of them who hailed from Ireland. Through their perseverance, they have enabled this country to grow and prosper. I believe in the value and opportunity that comes with legal immigration. I am pleased to have authored this legislation to make the process more efficient for one of our oldest allies and add to the great legacy of cultural diversity celebrated in our country. This modest proposal would give Irish nationals the opportunity to work in the United States under the nonimmigrant visa category of the E–3 visa, previously reserved only for Australian nationals. Ireland, in the meantime, has proposed a reciprocal work visa specific to U.S. nationals so that those wanting to live and work in Ireland can move easily to do so. The E–3 visa is one of the most efficient U.S. visa options. The applicants outside the United States may apply directly at a U.S. consulate, thus avoiding the lengthy processing time with the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. The visas are granted for 2year periods, renewable indefinitely, and the spouses of E–3 visa holders are permitted to apply for employment authorization documents. Currently, 10,500 E–3 visas are allocated each year, yet only half of these are used. This legislation would allow Irish nationals to apply for those visas unused by Australian nationals. This significant addition to the U.S. immigration system will not only benefit Irish nationals seeking employment in the United States but also ease restrictions on Americans wanting to live or retire in Ireland. In conclusion, I would say that this does not increase the number of visas that are authorized in total. It merely allows Irish nationals to apply for the visas that Australian nationals do not want to use on a yeartoyear basis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), the distinguished ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CHABOT and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , as well as Mr. NADLER , for bringing this legislation to the floor. Indeed, it is bipartisan in nature. It is not an effort here to go beyond what the rules currently allow in terms of the cap on visas. It would allow Irish nationals to utilize those visas that have not been exhausted by Australia. It is, as Mr. NADLER said, not a substitute for immigration reform, however. We note today that the Pew Center has released new numbers on the issue of those who, in America, are undocumented. While these two issues are unrelated, it is important to point out that we still, in this Congress, have to come up with a solution to a long awaited problem that we recognize across the Nation, and that is what to do about undocumented citizens. As Mr. SENSENBRENNER also pointed out, I think with great accuracy, there are few stories of immigration that can be improved upon over what Irish immigration did in America. In the aftermath of an Gorta Mor, the Great Famine, that took place in the mid1850s, more than a million people left Ireland and immigrated to the shores of the United States, and a million starved to death on the island of Ireland. So when you consider that the population of Ireland at that time was about 8
1⁄2million people and today it is about 6 million people, it is understandable as to what that relationship has meant. And America, to its everlasting credit, land of the free and home of the brave, welcomed them. The story that they told in succeeding generations—first, second, third generations—of which I enjoy that same privilege, it is pretty extraordinary. I call attention to that because I still think that the rest of the world desires to send many of its best to the United States. It is still, for all of us, this notion that, today, because of the simplicity of travel, you can move back and forth. But what is, I think, a very important component of the story that we just related, when they left, whether it was in the 1850s or, in the case of one grandmother, no return, they were in with both feet. I think what we are pointing out today is that this is still an incredibly strong relationship. I think Mr. SENSENBRENNER was right on target with the commentary that he offered about the reciprocal agreement here. We are not substituting anything. We are simply saying that, for those E–3s that are not utilized, Ireland will be able to take advantage of it. I again point out that this relationship, for as long as I can remember, has been one of the great relationships in terms of allies that we have had in the history of America. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ). Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on this bipartisan legislation spearheaded by my distinguished colleague from Wisconsin. 
As a G ALLAGHER in good standing, I am glad this bill will strengthen our Nation’s ties with Ireland. But just as importantly, I take a minute to recognize the value of the underlying E–3 visa program to the U.S.Australia alliance. The E–3 visa program was negotiated in 2005 following the conclusion of the U.S.Australia Free Trade Agreement. The visa is designed to give highly skilled and professional Australians access to U.S. employment in fields and trades that require specialized education and training. It is good for both the United States and Australia. About 82,000 Americans are employed by Australian businesses in the United States, for example, with an average salary of $98,000. In just one example, the very first employee of the Movember Foundation in the United States was an Australian who came over on an E–3 visa. Movember is now one of the largest nongovernment investors in prostate cancer research and services in the world, growing its footprint here in the United States as it has created jobs while doing good. This program is a tangible recognition of the close and enduring partnership, or mateship, as we say, between the United States and Australia, which we are celebrating the 100year anniversary of this year. Our alliance remains one that not only drives our prosperity but our security as well. As a pillar of a free and open IndoPacific, Australia is an indispensable ally in an increasingly contested region, and we would be wise to continue exploring new avenues to further strengthen our relationship. This legislation is an important opportunity to expand our partnership with Ireland, while preserving the original intent of the E–3 visa program with Australia, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. b1715 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time. I again urge every Member on both sides of the aisle to vote for this bill. I applaud the bipartisan nature of it. I applaud Mr. SENSENBRENNER and Mr. NEALand Mr. C HABOT for their roles in it, and this is a useful thing to do. I urge passage of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I just want to also thank all the folks who were previously mentioned by my colleague, the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). This is, I think, a very good bill. It is great to see something bipartisan around here get passed; and as we are wrapping up this year and this Congress, it is good to see this good legislation being passed. I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7164, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL BIBLE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to come before the House and be on the floor tonight to commemorate National Bible Week. This is an opportunity to celebrate the tremendous influence of the Bible on the freedoms we enjoy today in America. We are truly blessed to live in a nation where we are free to worship and read the Holy Scriptures without fear of persecution. There are many places throughout the world where such freedoms do not exist. Americans have the right, under our wonderful system of government, to respect and study the Bible or any other system of belief if they so choose, or even none at all. That is the beauty of the American way, and I believe it all does go back to the Bible. In 1941, as it says on the poster here, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt declared the week of Thanksgiving to be National Bible Week. The National Bible Association and the U.S. Conference of Bishops have designated the specific days of November 18–24, this year, as National Bible Week. This is the week set aside to recognize the Bible as a foundational building block of American and Western civilization, the JudeoChristian heritage, and the legacy that motivated and shaped the founding of the United States. In this hour, we will hear from some of my colleagues here in Congress from various faith traditions and denominations speak about what the Bible means to them. We are here in keeping with tradition to recognize National Bible Week. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Representative LAMBORN , and I appreciate his intentionality in bringing us together each year to talk about this, having had that opportunity, now into my fifth term, each year to remind ourselves of the impact of the Bible. It has had a rich heritage in this country, a country that is free, a country that offers liberty for all who would have personal beliefs, religious and otherwise. It even allows freedom in this country, a country that was truly established on Biblical principles, but, nonetheless, it allows freedom for people to not even have a belief or a religion. I think that is the beauty of my understanding of the Bible in that it is a book that offers freedom to people to come to understand it, to read it, to have it impact their lives. I can say for a fact that the Bible is more than just a book, a historical book, a book of tradition, a book of writings of religious perspective and spiritual nature; but, rather, it is a book that has changed my life. It is a book that I believe, and I believe the facts would bear it out as sincere people test it and search into the Bible to see that it is truly a book that is God given. I remember the inscription in one of the earliest Bibles that I ever had in my possession as a young boy. It was a book, as I recollect, a Bible that was given as a reward for attendance in Sunday school, given by my teacher. I had had other Bibles that I had gotten from my family, handmedown Bibles that I had carried, but this, I think, was my first Bible. In that Bible inscription, it said: ‘‘This book will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from this book.’’ My friend and colleague, I think that was given by my Sunday school teacher as, really, a point to encourage me from doing the normal thing as a young boy would do. And that I wouldn’t call sin. I would call it bad behavior. But I know, ultimately, the Bible called it sin. I found it to be true, that as that book became part of my life, that it changed my life. While I have never achieved, to this very day—and I admit that to you—perfection yet, that Bible altered my existence. And when I did do those wrong things that the Bible calls sin, I was convicted of that and I was encouraged to change. An early verse that I remembered from the Bible came from Psalms, the Book of Psalms, Psalms 119:11, that said: ‘‘Your word I have treasured in my heart, That I may not sin against You.’’ The Bible is a practical book that is meant to change lives, to alter the way we live, to impact others as well. I think John Witherspoon, who signed the Declaration of Independence, one of our earliest officials, government officials, who happened to be a minister as well, but served his country well, said: ‘‘A republic once equally poised must either preserve its virtue or lose its liberty.’’ 
I think he had the context there that virtue came from something beyond humanity. It came from, in his mind, I am certain from other readings I have read of John Whitherspoon, from his understanding of the Word of God, the Bible, that ‘‘a republic once equally poised must either preserve its virtue,’’ that virtue that comes from something outside of ourselves, greater than ourselves, and given to God, Himself, or else, without that virtue, we would lose our liberty. He probably understood the principle found in Proverbs 14:34 that said: ‘‘Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a disgrace to any people.’’ That was written in the context of a great nation. Righteousness built it up; sin tore it down. John Adams, another one of our great leaders who understood Scripture very well—and you just need to read his letters to his wife and his wife’s letters back to him, let alone his writings in relationship to our government and our Constitution—said: ‘‘Our Constitution is designed only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate for any other.’’ And John Adams, in writing about what it meant to be a holy and religious people, referred his life very clearly to the Bible, God’s Word. The Bible is an amazing book. It is a controversial book, to say the least. It is a comforting book. It is a challenging book. It is a timeless book. And I have found it to be a book that is true, without error, and it has changed my life. Voltaire fought against the Bible in many different ways, writings and otherwise, and he said it would be out of existence within 100 years of his life. Yet, in approximately 50 years after Voltaire’s death, the Gutenberg Bible was printed on Voltaire’s printing press. Isaiah 40:8 says: ‘‘The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God’’—the Bible—‘‘stands forever.’’ The truth of the Bible, God’s Word, can never be forced on anyone; but when it is honestly and sincerely considered, it changes lives. It changed my life, and it continues to change my imperfect life. The Bible says, in Psalms 119, the psalmist David wrote that—the longest passage of Scripture in the entire Bible, an entire passage of Scripture, the longest, written about his love for the Bible and the Word of God. He says: ‘‘Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path.’’ Ephesians 5, in the Bible, says: ‘‘Therefore, be careful how you walk, not as unwise men but as wise, making the most of your time, because the days are evil.’’ My friend, we see that all over the world today, don’t we? Evil, evil things are happening, evil people doing evil things, hateful things, hurtful things, horrific things. And none of those things are being done after the pattern of what we find in the Bible. It continues, in Ephesians, saying: ‘‘So then do not be foolish, but understand what the will of the Lord is.’’ And that will is found in His Word, the Bible. ‘‘Trust in the Lord,’’ Proverbs 3:5–6 says, ‘‘with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways, acknowledge Him, and He will make your paths straight.’’ The Bible continues to hold itself out as a straightener of paths, pointing us to the source of life and the Savior who is the ultimate message of the Bible whom to know personally is life eternal. I thank God for the Bible. I thank God for the opportunity even tonight to talk about the Bible in this august Chamber with my colleagues and to remember the impact that the Bible, the Scripture, has had on this great Nation and, I trust, will continue to have on this Nation; and I offer it to any who would dare to consider its lifechanging message. I thank God for the Bible. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, my friend from Michigan mentioned a few things about the founding of our country, and so I would like to mention this: Many of the early American settlers came to the New World with the express purpose of following the Bible according to the convictions of their own consciences. b1730 One of the first acts of Congress during the tumultuous beginning of our Nation was the authorization of an Americanpublished Bible. The war with the British had cut off any supply of Bibles from England. Our Founding Fathers understood how important it was for the American people to have Bibles. Robert Aitken, a private citizen, brought this need to the attention of Congress. He wrote a letter and he said: ‘‘ . . . this work is an object worthy the attention of the Congress of the United States of America, who will not neglect spiritual security, while they are virtuously contending for temporal blessings.’’ In 1782, Congress reviewed, approved, and authorized the first known English language Bible to be printed in America, and that Congressional Resolution read: ‘‘RESOLVED, THAT the United States in Congress assembled, highly approve the pious and laudable undertaking of Mr. Aitken, as subservient to the interest of religion, as well as an instance of the progress of arts in this country, and being satisfied from the above report, of his care and accuracy in the execution of the work, they recommend this edition of the Bible to the inhabitants of the United States, and hereby authorize him to publish this Recommendation in the manner he shall think proper.’’ Boy, what a great thing for Congress to do back in the 1700s. I wonder if the incoming Congress will recommend a Bible to the American people. But it was certainly an important part of the founding of our country, and I am so glad we have that heritage as a country. Mr. Speaker, I yield time to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), my colleague. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman (Mr. LAMBORN ) for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor and truly a Godgiven pleasure to be here tonight to speak on the 77th anniversary of National Bible Week. When you are among colleagues like we are here, 435 of us in the House of Representatives, I feel as though I am among 434 other friends and colleagues who celebrate like we do. When I was 12 years old and was entering confirmation, my parents presented me with my first Bible. I still have it. It is white, it had a zipper. One of the most important memories I have that I can see every day when I open it up is the original signature of both my parents, who have since passed on, as they presented it to their son who was entering confirmation. The first thing I did, in the middle of the Bible there was a section where you could put in your family tree, because they wanted to do that, so I wrote in my own 12yearold handwriting at that point the family tree. And, again, it is still in the Bible, so I get a chance not only to review the Word of God, but also remembering how that affected my family as they had persevered through the Great Depression and World War II. But when we think about what our parents and grandparents did, and our founders did to create the country that we live in today, it is important to remember that they did that. And we are blessed, so blessed, that we live in a country where we can study the Word of God and gather and worship freely without the threat of persecution. In a time where it seems that there is no ultimate truth, we can take comfort in knowing that the truth of the Bible is unchanging and eternal. These truths do not discriminate. They are for everyone everywhere, and today is a great example of this. Today we have Members of Congress from different regions and walks of life all coming together to celebrate the Bible as the very foundation upon which our Nation was built. This is something we must not just say, but we should live out. Micah 6:8 says: ‘‘And what does the Lord require of you, but to act justly and to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God.’’ I pray that this is a scripture that I honor not only as a Member of Congress, but in every day of my life. The Bible has made an indelible mark on our Nation’s history. From our founding to this very day, the Bible has helped guide, instruct, and inform those who have served in this great body. John Adams may have said it best when he said: ‘‘The Bible contains the 
most profound philosophy, the most perfect morality, and the most refined policy that ever was conceived upon Earth.’’ As families in the First District of Michigan and all throughout the country gather together for the holidays, let’s give thanks for our loved ones, the freedoms we have in the United States of America, and the truths of the Bible upon which our Nation was founded. And in the finest traditions of the Lutheran religion, at this point I would just like to thank the Speaker for the time and pass the peace. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for being here tonight and for all of his work in Congress. We are honored to have him as one of our colleagues. I appreciate his service as a veteran for many years in the U.S. Marine Corps. Mr. Speaker, I am going to talk for a few minutes about an experience I had when I was younger, and then turn it over to another one of my colleagues. When I was 18 years old and a freshman at the University of Kansas, someone asked me if I knew what the Bible was about, and I said, yeah, I know what it was about. But then I thought about it and I realized that my answer was really pretty presumptuous, because I had never actually read any of it. So, Mr. Speaker, I wonder if this might be true for anyone who is listening today. The only honest thing I could do at that point was to read the Bible for myself. So I started by reading for myself in the Gospel of John in the New Testament. When I read it, I discovered that I hadn’t known at all what the Bible was about. In that Gospel, Jesus says: ‘‘I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me.’’ And I ended up discovering a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, who became my Lord and savior. So, Mr. Speaker, this is what I know from personal experience: it is better to read the Bible for oneself, and not just take someone else’s word for what is in it, or something they might read on the Internet. For me, it made all of the difference in the world. My life has been totally different since then as a result. As King David says in Psalms: ‘‘The unfolding of Your words gives light, it gives understanding to the simple.’’ As we celebrate National Bible Week, we remember the importance of faith in both our private and public lives; we recognize its powerful message of hope; and we cherish the wisdom of the Bible and we thank God for providing this Holy book that has truly been, as has been said already tonight, a lamp unto our feet and a light unto our path. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, it is indeed a pleasure to rise here tonight with my friends and colleagues in recognition of National Bible Week, which we celebrated last week during the Thanksgiving holiday. It is my privilege to stand in this chamber tonight, as God has led me to be here to tell you what the Bible means to me and the impact it has had on the history of this Nation. Throughout our country, we are seeing a distinct level of division that is evident in this very body and all across our land. In Exodus, God created the law, the Ten Commandments, and instituted a government to carry out the law, saying: ‘‘Appoint judges and officials for each of your tribes in every town the Lord your God is giving you, and they shall judge the people fairly . . . Follow justice and justice alone, so that you may live and possess the land the Lord your God is giving you.’’ Right now, I am looking at the face of Moses over the entry to this House chamber. Government was instituted by God for one purpose: to restrain evil and promote good. We must ensure that in this body and throughout our government, that we are always working toward this purpose. Mark 3:24 says: ‘‘If a kingdom is divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand.’’ During trying times and always, we must turn to the word of our God and trust that He will lead us on a path to righteousness, as the truth can always be found in our faith in Him. And, my fellow Americans, the truth shall set you free. One of the first Scriptures I memorized was Joshua 1:8. It says: ‘‘This book of the law,’’ the Bible, ‘‘shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do according to all that is written in it; for then you will make your way prosperous, and then you will have success.’’ I have prayed over this scripture and believe all who pray and follow the word of the Lord will be granted all the wonderful promises God has made through His word, like He has done with me and as He did with Abraham in Genesis 15:6: ‘‘Abraham believed the Lord and he credited it to Him as righteousness.’’ As I have traveled Georgia’s 12th District, I remind folks that we are all just stewards of what God has given us and we must be obedient to God’s word to keep it. Psalms 24:1 tells us: ‘‘The Earth is the Lord’s, and everything in it, the world, and all who live in it.’’ Everything belongs to God. We must ask for God’s blessing and protection. It says that in the Bible. As we enter the Christmas season, we must all remember the importance of this day as we celebrate the birth of the savior of the world. Earlier this year, the late Billy Graham lay in honor in our Capitol. I have read his inaugural prayer as a reminder every week for the past 16 years. I would like to share it with you now. ‘‘Our Father and our God, Thou hast said, ‘Blessed is that Nation whose God is the Lord.’ We recognize on this historic occasion that we are ‘a Nation under God.’ ‘‘We thank Thee for this torch of faith handed to us by our forefathers. May we never let it be extinguished. Thou alone hast given us our prosperity, our freedom and our power. This faith in God is our heritage and our foundation. ‘‘Thou hast warned us in the Scriptures, ‘If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?’ ‘‘As George Washington reminded us in his farewell address, morality and faith are the pillars of our society. ‘‘We confess these pillars are being eroded in an increasingly materialistic and permissive society. ‘‘The whole world is watching to see if the faith of our fathers will stand the trials and tests of the hour. ‘‘Too long we have neglected Thy word and ignored Thy laws. Too long we have tried to solve our problems without reference to Thee. ‘‘Too long we have tried to live by bread alone. We have sown to the wind and are now reaping a whirlwind of crime, division, and rebellion. ‘‘And now with the wages of our sins staring us in the face, we remember Thy words, ‘If my people who are called by my Name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land.’’’ My fellow Americans, this prayer was offered on the inauguration 49 years ago. As I talk to you at this time, our Nation, many have told me that we are at a crossroads. My prayer is this: that God has given us His word, and as far as me and my household, we shall worship the Lord. Thank you and God bless you. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for his contribution to tonight’s Special Order. He mentioned a passage that was also referenced by Ronald Reagan, and let me highlight that with you, because throughout American history, many of our great leaders have turned to the Bible for guidance, hope, and faith. For instance, President Abraham Lincoln once said of the Bible, ‘‘I have but to say, it is the best gift God has given to man. All the good the savior gave to the world was communicated through this book. But for it, we could not know right from wrong. All things most desirable for man’s welfare here and hereafter are found portrayed in it.’’ And another one of our greatest presidents, in my opinion, President Ronald Reagan, in his own National Bible Week declaration, which we are celebrating, wrote when he was in office: ‘‘When I took the oath of office, I requested the Bible be opened to II Chronicles 7:14 . . . ’’ and we just heard 
from that. And President Reagan went on: ‘‘ . . . which reads, ‘If my people, which are called by my Name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and forgive their sin and will heal their land.’’’ The President also said: ‘‘This passage expresses my hopes for the future of this Nation and the world.’’ b1745 Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), chairman of the Agriculture Committee and a colleague of mine on the Armed Services Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time and for leading this effort tonight to recognize National Bible Week and the importance of it. Mr. Speaker, above your head is emblazoned the national motto of our country, which says, ‘‘In God we Trust.’’ We all say that quite often, but, quite frankly, we have no idea of how to trust in a God that we don’t know anything about. So the question is: How do we know God and we know we can trust Him? Mr. Speaker, we know God because the inspired Word of God is the Bible. Through the chapters of the Old Testament and the New Testament, those truths are laid out by which we can know God and understand His ways, or try to understand His ways, try to understand the fact that His Son came to this Earth and lived and died to save us from our sins, that we might rely on Him as our personal savior and the only gateway in which we can spend eternal life in Heaven, but is also here for us to live our daily lives dayto day. In the truths of the Bible, we can live our lives, interact with each other, and do that in a way that is pleasing to God. John Adams wrote that only a moral and religious people can selfgovern. We have enjoyed a selfgovernance scheme of governance now for 242 years, but that moral and religious high ground that John Adams was referencing is founded in the truths of the Bible. If each of us is free to decide what is true on our own, then we are in big trouble. That is where our Nation is leading us today. We are separating ourselves from that moral high ground that is laid out in the Bible in very clear and convincing terms to our own peril. There are a lot of things going on in this Nation that God can’t bless. Most of us here tonight would argue that we are a blessed nation: blessed with resources, blessed with oceans on both sides that have protected us during the infancy of our Nation, blessed with hardworking people, blessings up and down the list in which God has blessed us. Are we, in fact, a blessable people? When God looks at America today, does He look at a people who are blessable or worthy of being blessed? We have things going on in our Nation today, Mr. Speaker, that are an abomination. We have killed 60 million babies in 45 years. God can’t long bless a nation who stays on that path of killing those infants. Putting it a different way, those early children who were aborted following Roe v. Wade would be 45 years old today. They would be at the prime of life. They would be leaders in this Nation. They would be doctors, lawyers, researchers, scientists, and others who might have made this world an entirely different place, a much better place than it is. But they were not allowed to live those lives that God had planned in the womb for each of those lives to the fullest. This Nation can’t long continue to be blessed if we stay on that path. How do you correct that? You reclaim that moral high ground by living a moral code. I live the JudeoChristian moral code that is set forth in the Bible we are honoring tonight. Jesus Christ is my personal savior, and I will spend eternity in Heaven based on His death, resurrection, and my belief in that. We as a nation must begin to turn back to that code. Each one of us have to live that code in order to reclaim that moral high ground. We can’t legislate it in these votes in this Chamber. You can’t do it in the State capitols. You can’t do it in county commissioner’s courts, or you can’t do it in city council chambers. This is a decision that each one of us has to make personally to make that happen. 2 Chronicles 7:14, the promise out of the Old Testament, has been referenced several times tonight. It is a promise that God has made that we can claim. In fact, Mr. Speaker, I would argue that our Nation has never been in more need of claiming that promise than we are tonight. Turning from our wicked ways is the key phrase in that passage. Obviously, seeking God’s face and praying is the next step. But we have to turn from the wicked ways, and that involves deciding what, in fact, is and is not wicked. The basis for that decision is in the Scriptures of the Bible, the inspired Word of God that we are honoring here tonight. My call is that we claim that promise and that we begin to lead those moral and religious lives that are required to continue to selfgovern. If we don’t, then selfgovernance will be lost on future Americans. Think about this last idea. We celebrated this month since the end of World War I. The last 100 years, I would argue, there has never been a nation that has done as much good for the rest of the world and asked so little in return as the United States of America. I personally believe that was God’s divine mission for us as a nation, to protect liberty and freedom, the way that we have done the last 100 years. Looking at the next 100 years, Mr. Speaker, who will take up that mantle if we lay it down or it is taken away from us? Are we going to look to China, Russia, or radical Islam to protect freedom and defend liberty the way we have done the last 100 years? I would argue that is not what is going to happen. If those truths are going to be defended and available to future generations of all of us in the world, then America must reclaim the moral high ground and protect selfgovernance the way we must. Mr. Speaker, this is an important week. I appreciate my colleagues’ conversations tonight. I would ask that God continue to bless each and every one of us, that God bless Texas, and that God continue to bless the United States of America. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his words and for his service to our country. The gentleman mentioned: How do we know this book is true? People put a lot of faith in it, sometimes to the point of death, but how do they know it is really true? One reason many people respect the Bible and believe it is that it has prophesied and told future events which came true exactly as foretold. In the Old Testament, there are many predictions that were given to prove that the speaker, who claimed to be a prophet, was divinely inspired so, if and when those predictions came true, it would validate the words of that prophet; if they did not come true, it showed him to be a false prophet. The Book of Daniel, for instance, contains scores of detailed prophecies that were literally fulfilled. Skeptics have fallen back to the position that Daniel must have written after the fact because those prophecies were so amazingly precise and did come true. But we know, later, through history and archeology, that the Book of Daniel was found in its entirety in the Greek’s Septuagint version and partially in the Dead Sea Scrolls. Both of those predated the events that were prophesied, so those prophecies were made in advance of the historical events which came true. The rise and fall of empires, the capture and destruction of cities, and the destiny of kings all were prophesied about in minute detail. This is an example where archeology and history have literally confirmed those and hundreds of other such prophecies as having come true, which is a validation of the truth of the Bible. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ), the incoming chairman of the Republican Study Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman LAMBORN , for organizing this Special Order, recognizing the 77th annual National Bible Week in America. As we know and has been said today, this is a declaration that was first 
made by President Franklin D. Roosevelt just weeks before the start of World War II. As we do on this occasion every year, my colleagues and I extol the virtues of the Holy Bible. It is the most widely published, widely read, most influential book in all of human history. Of course, to us, as Christians, we know that it is more than just a ‘‘good book.’’ We order our lives upon this book. Indeed, as Hebrews 4:12 proclaims: ‘‘The word of God is alive and active. Sharper than any doubleedged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints, and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.’’ What I want to address in my brief remarks today is one of the common misconceptions that exist about the use of the Bible in our public school classrooms. This is a very practical issue that many of us have to address back home. Earlier this year, Mr. Speaker, I joined with my good friend, Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry, who is a former distinguished Member of this body, to create this free joint publication that we entitled, ‘‘The Louisiana Student Rights Review: Answers to Common Questions about Religious Freedom in Schools.’’ Because there are so many questions, we wanted to make a userfriendly guide for parents, teachers, coaches, school administrators, and school systems around our State to answer those frequently asked questions. One of the big questions we answered for all those stakeholders, interest groups, and students was this one, and it comes right out of page 4 of our publication. It says: ‘‘Can the Bible and other religious texts be used appropriately in a public school classroom?’’ This is the simple answer that we gave. We said: ‘‘Yes.’’ More than half a century ago, the U.S. Supreme Court clarified that ‘‘the Bible is worthy of study for its literary and historic qualities,’’ and that such study of the Bible or of religion, when presented objectively as part of a secular program of education, is perfectly lawful when relevant and appropriate to the subject matter of the class. We cited in here the Supreme Court cases that make that very clear. There really isn’t any legal ambiguity about this at all. Unfortunately, there are a number of interest groups on the other side of this issue that engage in a campaign of fear, misinformation, and intimidation. They try to convince Americans and public school children all across the country that religion is somehow a bad thing, is off limits, and that you can’t have your Bible on school campus, but it is just simply not true. Mr. Speaker, this is so important for everybody to understand. Contrary to widespread belief, the Bible never has been banned from public schools, and it is, indeed, an appropriate course of study, especially to promote academic excellence and cultural literacy. Here is the important point. The Dictionary of Cultural Literacy observes this: ‘‘No one in the Englishspeaking world can be considered literate without a basic knowledge of the Bible. . . . The Bible is essential for understanding many of the moral and spiritual values of our culture, whatever our religious beliefs.’’ That is precisely correct. We should ask ourselves: How can students possibly be considered well educated if they have no basic understanding of the Bible’s profound influence upon the development of our country, law, politics, culture, literature, music, art, history, and virtually every aspect of Western civilization? When the Bible is removed from classrooms, it has the effect of denying students a complete understanding of history. For this reason, as a service to the next generation of Americans, every Member of this body should strongly encourage the study of the Bible as an appropriate part of the program of education in our public and private schools all over this country. I certainly believe in that idea, and I know that all my colleagues here today would agree wholeheartedly. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for arranging this Special Order. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for those remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING). Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for recognizing me to speak here on this Special Order to honor National Bible Week. It starts off, for me, this way, Mr. Speaker. I will go to Psalm 139:13: ‘‘For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother’s womb.’’ God knew us all in the womb. At the moment that we were formed in our mother’s womb, from that moment of fertilization, that moment of conception, He gave us life. I believe that is also the instant that He places the soul in all of us who are created in His image. Once we recognize that and we recognize also that our Founding Fathers understood this as well when they laid out the prioritized rights in the Declaration of Independence—and they prioritized these rights as the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It wasn’t just pulling three different words out of a grab bag and putting them up there in the Declaration of Independence, but, instead, they were prioritized. Our pursuit of happiness cannot trample on anyone else’s liberty or life, and exercise of our liberty cannot take someone else’s life. Life is the paramount right, and this is natural law. It is God’s law. It is the laws of nature and nature’s God. I serve here in this Congress, and, for all the time that I have been here, the priority has always been to protect innocent unborn human life. That has brought about H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill. I wear this pin on my lapel, Mr. Speaker, every day because I believe it saves those lives. H.R. 490 protects every baby that can be detected with a heartbeat. If a heartbeat can be detected, the baby is protected. I want to announce here tonight that we are very close to being able to say that we will have a markup in the Judiciary Committee very soon on the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490, which protects the life of every baby with a heartbeat, a certain indicator of life. b1800 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his work on that important and vital piece of legislation. I would now like to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend very much. We have been friends a long time and brothers in Christ during all of that time. It is important to give proper recognition where that recognition is due and, actually, the words of John Adams, our first Vice President under our Constitution, who wrote to Thomas Jefferson on Christmas Day 1813 and said: ‘‘I have examined all, as well as my narrow sphere, my straitened means, and my busy life would allow me; and the result is that the Bible is the best book in the world. It contains more of my little philosophy than all the libraries I have seen; and such parts of it as I cannot reconcile to my little philosophy, I postpone for future investigation.’’ It also should be noted that it was the first thing that was published. It was in 1782, the United States Congress authorized the printing and said that: ‘‘Whereupon, Resolved, That the United States in Congress assembled highly approve the pious and laudable undertaking of Mr. Aitkin, as subservient to the interest of religion as well as an instance of the progress of arts in this country, and being satisfied from the above report, of his care and accuracy in the execution of the work, they recommend this edition of the Bible to the inhabitants of the United States, and hereby authorize him to publish this recommendation. . . . ‘’ That was the Bible. And even a letter from George Washington, wishing that that had been published in time that he could have made a gift to every one of the soldiers in the Revolution. But this is a statement—this is my uncle’s little New Testament. On the front, in metal, it says: ‘‘May the Lord be with you.’’ It was given to the members of the military in World War II. And inside it says: ‘‘The White House, Washington. As Commander in Chief, I take pleasure in commending the reading of the Bible to all who serve in the Armed Forces of the United States. Throughout the centuries, men of many faiths and diverse origins have 
found in the Sacred Book words of wisdom, counsel, and inspiration. It is a fountain of strength and now, as always, an aid in attaining the highest aspirations of the human soul.’’ Signed, President Franklin D. Roosevelt. It was an inspiration then. It is an inspiration now. As C.S. Lewis said: This is our messages from our home headquarters while we are behind what he called rebeloccupied territory in this world where the prince of darkness is too often found. It has been the most quoted book in the history of Congress, and I would hope and pray that will continue. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his remarks and his words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, ours is not the first nation in history to win its sovereignty through a war for independence. Many nations in the history of the world were established by rebellion against tyrannical governments. The beginning of most of these rebellions can be identified by a single, predominant leader who, through their influence, inspired people to follow their cause. But the founding of the United States of America is unique because there wasn’t one, but hundreds of influencers who led their towns, counties, and colonies towards independence. Ironically, while America’s fight for independence centered on the idea of liberty for each individual, it was a collective body of influencers who rallied around a common cause that sparked the flames of liberty. That common cause was a bond, a strong belief in the moral and spiritual authority of the Bible. As a newly formed nation, America’s future faced numerous internal and external obstacles. The concern of sustaining our new Nation didn’t grow over time, but was an immediate concern of our Founders. According to Maryland delegate Dr. James McHenry, as the delegates were emerging from the Constitutional Convention at Independence Hall, a lady asked Dr. Benjamin Franklin: ‘‘Dr. Franklin, what have we got, a republic or a monarchy.’’ ‘‘A Republic,’’ replied the doctor, ‘‘if you can keep it.’’ You see, Benjamin Franklin was well aware of how fragile our new government was. Just a few weeks earlier, when it appeared that the Constitutional Convention was in jeopardy of falling apart, Benjamin Franklin stood and reminded the delegates that there was one thing missing in their deliberations. Franklin said: ‘‘The small progress we have made after 4 or 5 weeks . . . is methinks a melancholy proof of the imperfection of the human understanding. How has it happened, sir, that we have not hitherto once thought of humbly applying to the Father of lights to illuminate our understandings? . . . I have lived, sir, a long time, and the longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth, that God governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without His aid? We have been assured, sir, in the sacred writings, that ‘except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it.’ I firmly believe this; and I also believe that without his concurring aid we shall succeed in this political building no better than the builders of Babel.’’ Mr. Speaker, if our Nation, as Benjamin Franklin defined it, could not have been founded without the guidance and divine intervention of God, then how can we sustain it if we as a government have abandoned these ideas and principles? The answers for every challenge we face today as a nation isn’t within the Halls of Congress. It is not in the White House or in the Supreme Court. The answer to these challenges exist in the pages of the sacred text, of this ancient book, which is as relevant today as it was for generations that preceded us. The sooner we get back to these basic principles, Mr. Speaker, the sooner we can restore the promises of freedom, equality, and liberty for everyone. Mr. Speaker, ours is not the first nation in history to win its sovereignty through a war for independence, many nations in the history of the world were established by rebellion against tyrannical governments. The beginnings of most rebellions can be identified by a single, predominate leader who, through their influence, inspired the people to follow their cause. In ancient Israel, it was King David, for Scotland it was William Wallace, England had Cornwallis and France had Napoleon Bonaparte. But the founding of the United States of America is unique because there was not one, but hundreds of influencers who lead their towns, counties and colonies towards independence. Ironically, while America’s fight for independence centered on the idea of liberty for the individual, it was a collective body of influencers who rallied around a common cause that sparked the flames of liberty. However, there was a common thread that bound our Founders together. That bond was a strong belief in the moral and spiritual authority of the Bible. Our Founders and national leaders strongly held the belief that religion, morality, principles and virtue were the pillars of our society and the strength of our government. They also recognized that the knowledge and understanding of our national heritage, and its Biblical foundations, were also of the utmost importance in sustaining our young nation. As a newly formed nation, America’s future faced numerous internal and external obstacles. The concern of sustaining our new nation didn’t grow over time but was an immediate concern of our Founders. According to Maryland delegate, Dr. James McHenry, as the delegates were emerging from Independence Hall at the close of the Constitutional Convention, ‘‘A lady asked Dr. Franklin Well Doctor what have we got a republic or a monarchy. A republic replied the Doctor if you can keep it.’’ Benjamin Franklin was well aware of how fragile our government would be if separated from the religious and moral foundations on which it was built. Just a few weeks earlier, when it appeared that the Constitutional Convention was in jeopardy of falling apart, Benjamin Franklin stood and reminded the delegates that there was one thing missing in their deliberations. Franklin said; ‘‘The small progress we have made after four or five weeks, . . . is methinks a melancholy proof of the imperfection of the Human Understanding . . . How has it happened, Sir, that we have not hitherto once thought of humbly applying to the Father of lights to illuminate our understandings? . . . ‘‘I have lived, Sir, a long time, and the longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth—that God governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without his notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without his aid? We have been assured, Sir, in the sacred writings, that ‘‘except the Lord build the House they labor in vain that build it.’’ I firmly believe this; and I also believe that without his concurring aid we shall succeed in this political building no better than the Builders of Babel:’’ Mr. Speaker, if our nation, as Benjamin Franklin defined it, could not have been founded without the guidance and divine intervention of God, then how can we sustain it if we, as a government, have abandoned these ideas and principles? Over the period of the last year, I have had firsthand experience of crime and violence. Our nation has been inundated with acts of evil and violence over the past several years and it seems to me that the most immediate reaction by some of our elected representatives, especially those in Congress, is to create more laws. However, according to one of our Founders, Benjamin Rush, creating more law is the wrong approach to end crime and violence. Benjamin Rush, was a signer of the Declaration of Independence, a physician, and educator but he is best known as the ‘‘Father of Public Schools.’’ Benjamin Rush advised us ‘‘In contemplating the political institutions of the United States, I lament that we waste so much time and money in punishing crimes, and take so little pains to prevent them. We profess to be republicans and yet we neglect the only means of establishing and perpetuating our republican forms of government; that is, the universal education of our youth in the principles of Christianity by means of the Bible.’’ According to Benjamin Rush, the best way to avoid violence and crime is to teach morality to our children. However, Benjamin Rush wasn’t the only advocate of teaching biblical principles in our schools. The author of the preamble of our Constitution, Gouverneur Morris also believed in the importance of teaching the Bible as a core subject in America’s schools, he stated ‘‘Religion is the only solid basis of good morals; therefore education should teach the precepts of religion and the duties of man towards God.’’ Today, we have not only veered away from teaching these ideas in our schools, in some 
school systems even the very mention of the Bible will prompt a rash of court challenges. Mr. Speaker, it is interesting to note that these lawsuits claim that the use of the Bible or prayers in our schools violates the ‘‘establishment clause’’ of the first Amendment of the Constitution. However, it is ironic that the author of the freedom of religion clause, Fisher Ames, stated; ‘‘Should not the Bible regain the place it once held as a schoolbook? Its morals are pure, its examples are captivating and noble....  I n  n o  Book is there so good English, so pure and so elegant, and by teaching all the same they will speak alike, and the Bible will justly remain the standard of language as well as of faith.’’ Mr. Speaker, our Founders believed that the Bible played an important role in education, but they also believed it was a foundation of our government. As the second President of these United States, John Adams, often spoke of the importance that religion and morality holds in our national government. In a speech to officers of the Massachusetts militia Adams explained that, ‘‘We have no government armed with power capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ In a letter to Thomas Jefferson, John Adams reiterates the principles on which our nation was established, and the basis of our moral guidelines was the Bible. Adams wrote ‘‘I have examined all religions, as well as my narrow sphere, my straightened means, and my busy life, would allow; and the result is that the Bible is the best Book in the world. It contains more philosophy than all the libraries I have seen.’’ Thomas Jefferson also acknowledged that the Bible was the source of the standards of moral conduct for America; he wrote ‘‘Of all the systems of morality, ancient or modern, which have come under my observation, none appear to me so pure as that of Jesus.’’ The importance of the Bible and its moral foundations was not just limited to the Executive and Legislative branches. John Jay, the first Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court expressed his sentiments on the importance of a society that holds to Biblical principles. The most effective way to preserve peace among the people of our nation and to avoid war with others, Jay wrote, ‘‘. . . is by extending the prevalence and influence of the gospel. Real Christians will abstain from violating the rights of others, and therefore will not provoke war . . .’’ I think it is most appropriate to conclude my remarks, by using the words of another influential American, Noah Webster. Webster is most known for his contributions to early American education and is considered the ‘‘Schoolmaster to America’’ and the ‘‘Father of American Scholarship and Education.’’ Noah Webster admonished us to, ‘‘. . . not forget the religious character of our origin. Our fathers were brought hither by their high veneration for the Christian religion. They journeyed by its light, and labored in its hope. They sought to incorporate its principles with the elements of their society, and to diffuse its influence through all their institutions, civil, political, or literary. Let us cherish these sentiments, and extend this influence still more widely; in full conviction that that is the happiest society which partakes in the highest degree of the mild and peaceful spirit of Christianity.’’ The answers for every challenge we face today as a nation isn’t within the halls of Congress, in the White House or in the Supreme Court. The answer to these challenges exists in the pages of the sacred texts of this ancient text that is as relevant to us today, as it was for the generations that have preceded us. The sooner that we get back to these basic principles, the sooner we can restore the promises of freedom, equality and liberty for everyone. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Colorado, DOUGLAMBORN , for yielding to me. As we celebrate the 77th annual National Bible Week, I want to remind you that it falls on the same week as Thanksgiving, a very appropriate time for a book that I am very, very thankful for, a book that men like William Tyndale died for. He was burned at the stake simply for translating the Bible into English. I come to the floor today to speak on what the Bible means to me. Simply put, the Bible means everything to me. It has shaped the way that I live my life. It has helped me serve the people of the 36th District of Texas through two terms. It has not always been an easy job, but through the trials and hard days, I find comfort in the words from some of my favorite Scriptures. The same is true on the good days. I rejoice that the Lord has chosen me to serve in such a time as this. Our country was founded on great principles, many of which are Scriptural. Our Founders wanted this country to have a strong JudeoChristian faith. We see this truth throughout our Constitution and through the writings of the time: ‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,’’ one of the most profound phrases in our Declaration of Independence that acknowledged God’s role in our founding. America was founded on our covenant with our Lord, and that covenant is spelled out in the only written record that we have of these great truths, and that is the Bible. It saddens me to see our country moving away from these great principles who many consider passe. It is a roadmap for our lives if we would look. These same principles have allowed our country to endure war, division, and depression. I worry about the future of my 14 beautiful grandchildren if we as a nation do not return to the Bible as it continues to weather the test of time. It is the only one thing that we as Christians have that is divinely inspired, perfect in every way, immutable, never changing, and never will. Its principles and teachings can be applied to every season, every year, and throughout every stage of our lives. It also gives us a picture of the perfect love and the perfect sacrifice of our Savior. John 3:16 tells us: ‘‘God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.’’ We all fall short in sin. None are perfect, but no matter how egregious the sin, through Jesus, we are all forgiven. There are no words to express everything that the Bible has done for my life. From my youth to my marriage, to my time raising my family in east Texas, my career as a dentist and my time here as a Congressman, I have relied on the Godinspired words in both the Old and New Testament to guide me and teach me, and it has never let me down. I will leave you with an encouraging verse from Job in the Old Testament, that our souls are indeed eternal: 
For I know that my Redeemer lives, And He shall stand at last on the Earth; And after my skin is destroyed, this I know, That in my flesh I shall see God, Whom I shall see for myself, And my eyes shall behold, and not another. How my heart yearns within me. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman LAMBORN for setting aside this Special Order. We are following up National Bible Week, so as the listeners know, National Bible Week is the week surrounding Thanksgiving. Why is National Bible Week relevant to us today? As those of us who look at America and see storm clouds ahead, we have got to remember John Adams’ statement: ‘‘Our Constitution was only for a moral religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ We have to remember, if we are going to continue to enjoy the benefits we have of our Constitution, we must one more time become that moral and religious people who John Adams warned us we had to be. One more quote from John Adams on the Bible: ‘‘A society that adopted the Bible as its only law book and lived according to its precepts would be a utopia.’’ So, clearly, by a moral and religious people, John Adams meant a people who believe in the Bible. Now, which parts of the Bible did our forefathers look at? There are quotes all over the place from our forefathers in the Bible. It kind of surprised me a couple of years ago when I found out that the 
book in the Bible that our forefathers quoted the most was Deuteronomy. How often, when you hear somebody quote a Bible verse, do they turn to Deuteronomy? Not very often. Why did our forefathers turn to Deuteronomy? Because the rules and the buildup to the founding of Israel took place in the Book of Deuteronomy, which may have largely been by Moses himself. And I will point out in the room that we are right now, we have a relief of Moses. We have 30some reliefs of various great thinkers throughout society in this room, but whoever put together this room in the Capitol put Moses in the head position overlooking this Chamber. Now, I will encourage listeners out there, including clergy, as they reflect on National Bible Week, to read a book of the Bible you usually don’t read. Read Deuteronomy. Tell your congregation about it. It was the book that I think our forefathers felt should be read so that we could duplicate the Jewish republic, which was soon to be founded, because I think our forefathers wanted America to be a country blessed by God as well. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman LAMBORN one more time for setting aside this time on National Bible Week. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for his remarks on Deuteronomy which contains, among others, the passages, the reciting of the Ten Commandments. I yield to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD). Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado, DOUGLAMBORN , for yielding. He is one of the buckles of the Bible Belt in Colorado and in our country, and I thank him for this time. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the 77th annual National Bible Week, as so many of my colleagues are doing this evening. The late Reverend Billy Graham from my home State of North Carolina was put to rest just down this hallway earlier this year. We are grateful for his life and for what he meant to our home State in North Carolina. He said: ‘‘Being a Christian is more than just an instantaneous conversion. It is a daily process whereby you grow to be more and more like Christ.’’ Well, what does the daily process that Reverend Graham is referring to here look like? And how do we obtain a life that looks more and more like Christ daily? I believe the answer is found, in part, by daily thought and meditation on the Word of God, and I wholeheartedly believe 2 Timothy 3:16 and 17, that says: ‘‘All Scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness, that the man of God may be complete, equipped for every good work.’’ We also know that the Word of God is alive, so my colleagues have referred to this verse in Hebrews 4:12, which says: ‘‘For the word of God is alive and active. Sharper than any doubleedged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and the spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and the attitudes of the heart.’’ b1815 I could go on and on. But, again, I want to say how important this book is to me. For those who are in need of strength and direction, if they went to the middle, they will find the Psalms. If they go just to the right, they will find the Proverbs. Proverbs 3:5–6: ‘‘Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make straight your paths.’’ Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for this Special Order. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be here to stand in belief and on behalf of the greatest book of the history of the world, the Bible. There is absolutely no book ever that has had a greater impact on my life and continues to have the greatest impact on my life. Every day here in Congress, I begin with time in God’s Word, every day before coming to this Chamber and other meetings and responsibilities. As a pastor for 25plus years, it has been the greatest honor of my life to teach God’s Word week in and week out, to proclaim the principles of spiritual liberty and freedom that comes from a personal relationship with Jesus Christ and the fact that he died for us and rose again. The good news, as it is referred to in the Scripture, is the greatest news the world has ever had. The Bible has also had an amazing impact in our country. Right here in this Chamber, as has been referenced already this evening from some of my other colleagues, Robert Aitken came here from Scotland. He migrated here to Philadelphia and started a newspaper. He later became the publishing company that recorded the Journals of both the House and the Senate. Then he requested that this Chamber publish the Bible in English, which this Chamber voted to do in September of 1782. This Chamber encouraged the citizens of this country to read the Bible. It became the Bible of the American Revolution. I believe today that this Chamber, this country, would be well served, better served, if we would take the teachings of Scripture. Things like not to view ourselves and esteem ourselves more highly as we ought, but to esteem others as more important than ourselves; Scriptures like the Golden Rule, to treat others the way we want to be treated; to not be overcome with evil but to overcome evil with good, all these are found in the Word of God. These issues that we face today cannot be answered from the wisdom of these Halls, but they can be found only as we submit ourselves, once again, to the truths of God’s Word. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving this opportunity and leading this Special Order. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire from the Speaker how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMUCKER ). The gentleman from Colorado has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank everyone who came here. I appreciate their great comments. Thousands of years ago, Isaiah said: ‘‘The grass withers, the flower fades, but the word of our God stands forever.’’ Civilizations have come and gone; people have come and gone; and generations have come and gone. Here we are in the year 2018 still celebrating, commemorating, and depending on the Bible, the Word of God. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
STANDING AGAINST THE TIDE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. NORMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise with a sense of awe and gratitude that God and the voters have permitted me to be a Member of this body, the House of Representatives, for the last 30 years. At least for me, my time here has permitted me the opportunity to earn a living by advocating policies and programs that I believed would improve the wellbeing of the American people and would be consistent with the ideals and principles of our country, the United States of America. I came here after spending 7 years as a senior speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan as well as 2 years of that in the Reagan White House as a special assistant to the President. My experiences in the Reagan White House gave me valuable understandings of many issues of the day as well as contacts that, over the years, I put to good use. The longer I have been here in Washington, the more appreciative I am for the leadership and policies of President Ronald Reagan. When he left office 30 years ago, our economy was strong; the Cold War was ending as the Soviet Union disintegrated; and Ronald Reagan handed over to our generation, a new generation of Americans, a country with an upward trajectory and with tremendous potential. He restored to America that sense of optimism that is so much a part of our character. It was an honor to have served at his side in the White House, and, yes, I am 
I have been over and over again labeled Putin’s favorite Congressman. That is absolutely absurd. I will say right now I believe that everything I have ever done in this body has been based on my love of my country and thinking of what would be good for the people of the United States. In this case, working with Russia in order to defeat radical Islamic terrorists who threaten us was the right thing to do. The same with maybe working with India, Japan, and Russia, and these other countries. But instead, we have had just, as I say, an unrelenting effort on the part of some powerful interests to keep America and Russia in a hostile situation. We should be able to talk to people and try to work out differences, rather than trying to establish something that would lead to armed conflict eventually. So I have taken a lot of hits on that and I consider that to be the right thing to do. Over the years, of course, I am very grateful for other things that I have been able to play a role in and actually succeeded in. For example, when I first came here 30 years ago, we had a Democratic majority. But later, when we won a Republican majority, I was granted—and I was in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee—I was granted the chairmanship of the Space Subcommittee in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. That was the prime subcommittee in science. I oversaw America’s space program for 8 years. I am very proud and grateful that I had the opportunity in those 8 years to make a lasting difference in the way America’s space program has been configured. Before then, it was always just government employees, bureaucrats, NASA, and military space ventures. There wasn’t a commercial space industry. I made sure, when I had a challenge of balancing the budget here, knowing that the way to bring more money was to encourage the private sector to invest. I worked on and I passed legislation designed to help promote commercial space activities here in the United States. I am very proud of what we have accomplished. But now we have Blue Origin, SpaceX, Virgin Galactic. There are 10 or 20 different space programs that are at work today. And we have vast plans that are being made by private companies to develop space. For example, to develop observation of the Earth and monitoring satellites that will help us. Look at what we are doing with guidance systems now, our GPS systems, et cetera. I am very, very honored and pleased and grateful that God gave me and this Congress gave me in those 8 years the right to be chairman of that committee and be part of this type of change for the better that now is reaping good benefits for our country and the world. I also have been very active while here on science and technology issues. For example, the patent issue. Many people don’t even look at patents. They yawn when you say it. But the fact is, Americans have had the benefit of the strongest patent system in the world. And thus our investors, from the very Constitution where the patent law was written into our Constitution, have had that benefit of our creative genius and of our people being protected in order that they can be nurtured. Thus, the number one development of new technology in the world has come from Americans. I have for the last 20 years, at least— maybe 25 years now—been one to defeat and champion the cause of the individual inventor in America. American people aren’t interested in something that complicated. It is hard for them to understand that multinational corporations, many of them headed by Americans, have been trying to undercut the patent system in our country. I am also very proud that during my time here and being recognized as Ronald Reagan’s special assistant when I left the White House, my conservative credentials gave me the authority and gave me the ability to talk to conservative people throughout the country— and, yes, throughout the House and the Senate—on the issue of cannabis. The fact is, marijuana created an illusion of disruption and of decadence in the American peoples’ minds, because in the late sixties the use of marijuana was so public and it was identified as something with hippies and people who didn’t like American culture. Well, the fact is, cannabis has tremendous service to give to the people of our country who are suffering from various maladies. Older people, senior people, now some of the greatest people, are utilizing cannabis—that is, marijuana—in order to cure some of the problems they face as seniors: the aches, the pains, the lack of an appetite, and things such as that. We understand that there are children who are suffering, when before, no one was able to think that cannabis might be a cure for the seizures of young people; or, who would have ever suspected that this opioid epidemic, where some people claim the use of drugs and opiates started with cannabis? No. What we are finding out now is cannabis is not a gateway door into the use of opiates. It is instead a way out. It is a way that cannabis can actually be used to break the addiction of opiates in our country. These are things where there was never any research done. I am very proud that, with my conservative credentials, I can talk to a number of my Republican colleagues to join with almost all of my Democratic colleagues and vote to permit the States to decide whether or not cannabis would be legal or illegal in their State for the medical use of marijuana. That has brought a great change over the last 6 years since my amendment— first, the RohrabacherHinchey, then RohrabacherFarr—and now, over these 6 years, it is a $6 billion industry now. That is $6 billion not going to the drug cartels in Mexico. That is $6 billion of which can be spent helping people, rather than trying to put someone in jail for consuming a weed, using all the money for law enforcement, jails, judges’ time, and police time, rather than trying to protect the American people. What a waste. My colleagues joined with me in that. I think that has been a wonderful accomplishment that I am very, very proud of and very grateful that I had the opportunity to be here and express that in debate and to reach out to my fellow Congressmen here from both sides of the aisle and mobilize a majority that got that passed so that the Federal Government cannot supersede State law now, when it comes to medical marijuana. Also, one of the things that I guess is something that is people don’t know much at all, but during my time before Congress and during my time during the Reagan years, I was deeply involved with various insurgency groups that were trying to defeat the Soviet Union, bring down the Soviet Union. Part of that is I was able to get to know the leadership of the mujahideen who were fighting Soviet troops in Afghanistan. In fact, I went to Afghanistan and I fought with troops and the mujahideen and fought against Soviet soldiers at the Battle of Jalalabad. Yes, I had that type of experience. Later, when our Pakistani friends and our Saudi friends betrayed us and betrayed the people of Afghanistan by supporting the creation of the Taliban, a radical Islamic terrorist organization our Saudi friends and our Pakistani friends created, I continued to go to Afghanistan during that time period, while I was here in the Congress, and meet with the warlords that I had met with during the time that we were fighting the Soviet Union. One of them, Commander Massoud, who I met on a number of occasions, was murdered 3 days before 9/11. I knew he had been tipped off by other contacts that I had in Afghanistan that there was an attack being planned on the United States. They said: You will know that it is going to happen when something major happens in Afghanistan that will change the political balance. It is a signal that the attack will go forward. I went all over this city when I realized that Commander Massoud was murdered 3 days before 9/11, that was the signal to move forward on this attack on the United States. I tried to warn our administration. I tried to warn everyone in the city. No one would listen. Then, I had a wonderful thing happen in my life. Actually, after 9/11, people did start to listen. Of course, they did. They remembered: DANAROHRABACHER  was trying to warn us about this. And all of this is happening without public view. The public never saw any of this. But I was able then to talk to various people in our government at high levels 
of positions and outline for them how we should proceed. Our own military, our Defense Department wanted to send 100,000 American troops or more into a frontal attack—an attack from Pakistan in the northwest provinces— into Afghanistan. I was horrified when I heard this. I knew that territory. It is the most antiAmerican territory on the planet. Our military would have been slaughtered or at least holed up in fortress cities like the Russians had been. It was a horrible thing. I thank God that I had this opportunity, because I went to the powers that be and I told them: You can’t do this. This is wrong. They said: What do we do? I managed to get ahold of General Dostum and other ‘‘warlords’’ in Afghanistan to enlist them, and the President of the United States, when given the alternative of using the warlords with special forces teams and U.S. air power versus sending in hundreds of thousands of American troops, our President chose to use Afghans in what they called the Northern Alliance, which I helped create with a team of people—Charlie Santos, Paul Behrends, and other friends who had been working with me in Afghanistan over the years—and helped us put that together and the President decided to go in that direction. I would recommend the book on the horse soldiers: ‘‘12 Strong.’’ There is a movie out. It is about that first special forces team and General Dostum. I believe that I was able that day, by convincing the authorities to go in that direction, to save thousands and thousands of American soldiers’ lives. How demoralizing would it have been if we had not succeeded in a counterattack after 9/11? Finally, let me mention a couple of things in passing that are those things that I discussed that give me pride and that I remember; what really also is most heartwarming to someone who is a Member of Congress is what he or she has been able to do for our own constituents. As I say, whether you are Republicans or Democrats, we know our job is to help our people. Nobody else is going to help our people, except us. We care about them. Jack Kemp used to say: They won’t care what you say unless they know that you care about them. Unless you can show them you care, they don’t care about what you say. I never met a Democratic or Republican that didn’t love his constituents or try to help them. During the time period that I have been a Member of Congress, we had a flood control project. I know that sounds not so great here. But the fact is, we had a flood control project in Orange County that basically saved maybe billions of dollars in flood insurance costs for homeowners in my area in Orange County. The flood threat was going where people’s lives would have been at stake. I worked on that and I made sure when I first got here and worked with other Members of Congress—Democrat Members of Congress, because it was a Democrat Congress—to help complete that project. That is the type of bipartisanship we are capable of. We have a water reclamation project in Orange County. It is the most high tech water system in the world. We had a big drought over these last few years, but Orange County was the one county that stood alone in not being hurt dramatically because we had a system we invested in. I brought people from all over the world to see that technology, and I was able to work with our locals to make that happen. b1845 I was able, over my years, to help veterans who were being stood up, veterans who were not getting the service they needed. They felt helpless. They were, some of them, sick, psychologically wounded by the service that they had provided, yet we were not helping them. My office has helped hundreds of these men and women who were in desperate need of someone to care for them. That is a memory now, a good memory, and I know my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, do that. And we have changed the rules so that now the Veterans Administration has to be more caring. They have to make sure these people are being taken care of. I am very proud, again, of the bipartisan approach on these issues of human caring for our own constituents, making America a better place from the bottom up instead of from the top down. Let me just note that there are hundreds of people in my district who would have lost their homes about 10 years ago when we had an economic upheaval. People remember the Great Recession. Well, yes, things got really bad, and people were losing their homes. We established a program, and we helped over 500 people in Orange County, in my district, to save their homes, families that would have lost everything. Thank God that I was permitted to be a Member of this body, because I know each and every one of us were doing things like that to help those in need. I have gone to help as many seniors who are having trouble with bureaucracy, with Social Security; and I have also tried to do my best over the years to work with organizations, organizations that add to the benefit and that add to the strength, the moral strength as well as every other strength of our system, organizations, whether they are the Rotary Club or whether they are the Boy Scouts of America. I have pinned on hundreds, if not thousands, of Eagle Scout pins for all of the Scouts for these last 30 years that I have been a Member of Congress representing Orange County. So we must be loyal, basically, to these local people, these people who have elected us. That is our job. Our job is to watch out for them, for their interests. I have one last note, and that is this: When we look at the immigration issue, I would hope that we do so with respect for each other and understanding that people have good hearts on both sides. But I know that, in my heart, my main job right now—and it has been for every Member of this House—should be to watch out for what is in the best interests of the American people. Those people who would like to come here illegally, I am sorry. We already provide for a million people to come here legally. We have to make sure the policies we set for immigration are what are in the interests of the people of the United States, and the same with our foreign policy. I want to say that I am grateful that God has given me the opportunity and the voters have given me the opportunity these last 30 years to try to serve in the interests of my people, of the people of our country, and of those ideals our Founding Fathers and Mothers put in place when they risked all in the American Revolution back in 1776. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2140 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SESSIONS ) at 9 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 88, SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–1054) on the resolution (H. Res. 1160) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills 
of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 390. An act to provide relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes who are members of religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes. H.R. 4254. An act to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 26, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 606. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’. H.R. 1209. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2979. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3230. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4890. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4913. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4946. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office.’’ H.R. 4960. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5349. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5504. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5737. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’. H.R. 5868. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’. H.R. 5935. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’. H.R. 6116. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’. Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on November 27, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 5784. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 41 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 29, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1160. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1054). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4302. Referral to the Committee on Rules extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself, Mr. FOSTER , and Mr. L IPINSKI ): H.R. 7179. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to revise certain ethylene oxide emissions standards under the Clean Air Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 7180. A bill to limit the availability of funds to extend the implementation of the New START Treaty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 7181. A bill to establish the number of Members of the House of Representatives at 400; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 7182. A bill to require a report on oligarchs and parastatal entities of Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7183. A bill to develop a report regarding possible duplication of Federal damage assessments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 7184. A bill to provide for a ban on the retroactive taxation of internet commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Ms. MOORE , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. COHEN , Mr. S OTO, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. R USH, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. VELA, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 7179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 7180. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9 By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 7181. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 2, clause 3 The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty Thousand, but each State shall have at Least one Representative; By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 7182. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7183. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . regulate Commerece . . . among the several States . . .’’ And; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 7184. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 7185. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 7186. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 154: Mr. N EAL. H.R. 391: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 547: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 656: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 919: Mr. BURGESS and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 930: Mr. HARRIS and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1566: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 1683: Mr. SHIMKUS . H.R. 2315: Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. H IGGINS of Lou isiana, Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. A LLEN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R OGERS of Ala bama, and Mr. COLE. H.R. 2358: Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. YARMUTH , and Mr. L AWSON of Florida. H.R. 3395: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 3730: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3940: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 3963: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3988: Mr. HARRIS . H.R. 4107: Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. MULLIN , Mr. E MMER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn sylvania, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. RICEof South Carolina, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. ALLEN , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. B OST, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 4256: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. V ELA, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. B ROWN of Mary land, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. SIRES, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. C LAY, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. HECK, Mr. N EAL, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. BERA, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 4444: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 4549: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 4732: Mr. MAST, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 4843: Mr. PETERSON and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4912: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5460: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. DESAULNIER , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5678: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 5759: Mr. FASO. H.R. 5958: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 6081: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 6586: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 6615: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 6692: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 6850: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 6992: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 7062: Mr. COLE, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. COOK. H.R. 7073: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 7086: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 7124: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 7145: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 7146: Mr. DEUTCH and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE. H.R. 7150: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. KHANNA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. MATSUI . H.J. Res. 129: Mr. MORELLE . H. Res. 1149: Mr. YOHO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7147 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 2018 No. 187 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable RAND PAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Gracious God, we praise You today for Your love that sustains our earthly journey. When evil flourishes, we keep our eyes on You, trusting always in the unfolding of Your powerful providence. Today, inspire our lawmakers to discover the fulfillment of resting in the assurance of Your amazing grace. As our Senators remember how You have provided for this Nation in the past, may they develop a stronger faith in the protection You will give us in the future. Guide them into the future surrounded by the shield of Your favor. Lord, keep them close to You and to each other as they fulfill their sacred calling as legislators. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 