Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it seems every morning we are greeted by another outrage from the Trump administration. Today, we find that the Department of the Interior deliberately manipulated the information surrounding the decision to amend the boundaries of national monuments. They withheld information about the benefits of the monument designation, benefits for Native Americans, for wildlife, for the local economy, and for the environment. The only way we found out about this manipulation is because they inadvertently disclosed the entire memorandum, exposed for everybody to see how they blatantly manipulated the process. But this is just another example. This last week, we have seen attacks on our longtime friends and allies in Europe, undermining the NATO alliance, questioning the integrity of our American intelligence service, and assaulting American business and consumers with this illadvised trade war and the tariffs, which are just taxes on American families. This is, in part, due to the fact that we are not getting any pushback on these outrages from most Republicans in Congress, not standing up to Trump for America and for our values. It appears that most of my Republican friends are held hostage to the most extreme elements in their districts. They are given enhanced influence because of the practice of partisan gerrymandering, drawing boundaries to enhance the power of the Republican majority, so you only have to worry about voters in the primary. I have long supported independent commissions to draw these boundaries, have proposed legislation federally. Although there appears to be little appetite in Congress, luckily, people out in the States are taking matters into their own hands. We are watching citizen initiatives in Michigan, in Utah, and in Colorado. Voters, this year, will have a chance to vote on fair and honest redistricting if the U.S. Chamber and the Republican Party are not able to block it from being voted on, as they are trying to do in Michigan. When voters, again, pick the politicians instead of politicians picking the voters, it is much more likely that Congress will do its job. Mr. Speaker, until we get fair districts, we will have to rely on renewed, energized voter engagement to elect a Congress that will do its job. The good news is that the evidence all across America is that people are responding to a new generation of political leadership. They are getting involved in unprecedented numbers— more voters, more activism. They are going to elect, as leaders, new Members who will provide the accountability to hold in check this reckless administration. It is too bad it looks like we will have to wait for the election for the next Congress to do its job. f 
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE TO HOST INNOVATION FORUM AND SHOWCASE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow the House Education and the Workforce Committee will host innovators from across the country for the bipartisan Innovation Forum and Showcase. The Innovation Forum will begin at 10 a.m. in room 2175 of the Rayburn House Office Building. Five panels of innovators will speak and answer questions from committee members about their work. From 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., members of the public are invited to tour the Innovation Showcase in the Rayburn foyer, where the innovators will be available to share information about their work. As a senior member of the committee, I am so proud of the bipartisan Innovation Forum and Showcase. This event will certainly highlight hardworking American innovators from all walks of life. Tomorrow, there will be 24 innovators who have traveled to 
Washington to discuss how they run career and technical education and workforce development programs in their communities. I am incredibly honored to have Joe Luther, from the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology located in Pleasant Gap, Centre County, Pennsylvania, be there. Mr. Luther is the horticulture and landscaping instructor at CPI. He is well loved by his students and has received numerous accolades for his performance in the classroom. In 2014, Mr. Luther was named the ACTE New Career and Technical Education Teacher of the Year for Pennsylvania. In December, he was awarded the National Career and Technical Education Teacher of the Year from NOCTI, which is presented annually to recognize career and technical education teachers for their outstanding service. I visited Mr. Luther in his classroom at CPI and out in the community, where his students routinely work on projects or participate in competitions. In January, Mr. Luther’s landscaping students secured their fourth consecutive first place win at the Pennsylvania Farm Show as a part of the agricultural education landscape exhibits. Mr. Speaker, the Pennsylvania Farm Show is the Nation’s largest indoor agriculture event, and the CPI students beat a total of seven other schools to take the top prize for their exhibit. I know these students are talented, and it is their teacher, Mr. Luther, who truly inspires them to reach great heights. Through his handson instruction, Mr. Luther affords students in his classroom the ability to design, build, and maintain their landscaping projects. He lets them interact with customers and discuss real transactions. He brings reallife scenarios into the classroom at every opportunity to show students what their futures can be like in the workforce. I look forward to having Mr. Luther here in Washington for tomorrow’s Innovation Forum and Showcase. I know that, because of dedicated teachers like him, scores of students will be set on a path to success in life through career and technical education programs. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to all the innovators who will participate tomorrow to share with Congress and the public how they are addressing the Nation’s education and workforce development challenges. As cochair of the bipartisan House Career and Technical Education Caucus and a consistent advocate for highquality career and technical education, I know these programs not only shape the future of our Nation’s youth, but will be the foundation for a new era of economic growth in the United States. And the future looks bright. Mr. Speaker, on a related note, I was thankful to the Senate last evening, which passed my legislation which already passed out of this body almost a year ago, H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. I look forward to ironing out just a few minor differences, some good refinements that the Senate made, and we will see about getting that to the President’s desk, quite frankly, providing greater access to more effective, skillsbased education for all Americans seeking the American Dream of opportunity. 
WORKFORCE CHALLENGES ON GUAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Guam Temporary Workforce Act. A near 100 percent denial of temporary H–2B petitions on Guam has hindered our island’s ability to grow the economy and provide affordable and timely services for our civilian population. While our community fully supports providing job opportunities and career advancement for those already living on Guam, we do not have the population or the organic workforce to fill the labor demands of our island. Local companies have tried to recruit from other territories and mainland United States, all to no avail. I am pleased that we made some progress in alleviating these workforce challenges in the defense bill that we are considering this week, but, Mr. Speaker, we need to do more. The Guam Temporary Workforce Act would make sure that local labor needs are met by giving the Governor of Guam more input in temporary labor need determinations. Specifically, it would allow him to certify the temporary needs of Guam’s civilian labor market while safeguarding the local economy from overreliance on temporary workers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this very, very important measure and to support our island economy. 
TRILATERAL ALLIANCE OF GEORGIA, UKRAINE, AND MOLDOVA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our friends in Moldova, Ukraine, and Georgia are facing major threats to their sovereignty from the Russian bear. These young democracies are striving to build peaceful, civil societies and effective governing institutions after decades of Soviet tyranny. Yet Vladimir Putin, the Napoleon of Siberia, refuses to accept their independence and sovereign rights as free nations. For years, Russian troops have occupied each of these nations and incited violence within the borders. Moscow has used corruption and coercion to undermine the rule of law in democratic institutions of each of these nations. Putin continues to use cyber warfare against each of these nations. We, as leaders of the free world and guarantors of the international, rules based order, have a duty to stand by these sovereign states. In some cases, Mr. Speaker, we have signed pledges to do so. Their struggle for freedom is not some distant battle that does not concern our wellbeing. Their fight for selfdetermination is a battle for the global order and the survival of democracy in the face of foreign tyranny, specifically Putin’s tyranny. Nations and the people they represent have the sole right to determine their own fates. Foreign bullies like Putin should not threaten or dictate their way of life or the futures of those children. If we allow Russia to so blatantly break international law, particularly the fundamentals of sovereignty and territorial integrity, where will it end? When will the Russian bear march in the streets of some other friend, a NATO ally, perhaps? We must recognize their courage in the face of such a daunting challenge and send a message to the Kremlin that we stand with our Eastern European friends on their quest to be a free nation and more integrated into the West. That is why I have introduced H. Res. 955, to affirm U.S. support to the nations of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova in their effort to retain political sovereignty and territorial integrity. I am joined in sponsoring this important bipartisan resolution by Georgia Caucus cochair, Representative CONNOLLY from Virginia; as well as the co chairs of the Moldova Caucus, Representative OLSON from Texas and Representative PRICE from North Carolina; and the cochairs of the congressional Ukrainian Caucus, Representatives KAPTUR of Ohio, H ARRIS of Maryland, FITZPATRICK of Pennsylvania, and LEVIN of Michigan. Our resolution reaffirms the commitment of the United States to support the democratically elected governments of these three nations. It condemns Russia’s violation of the Budapest Memorandum, a commitment it made in 1994 to ensure the independence and territorial integrity of Ukraine. Putin has lied. He lied in his commitment. Our legislation calls for the immediate and complete withdrawal of all Russian military and security personnel and equipment from the nations of Georgia, Ukraine, and Moldova. It calls for Moscow to end its destabilizing activities in all regions of these three countries. It commends the ongoing trilateral cooperation between the Governments of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova to confront Russia’s destabilizing activity, and it voices our support for U.S. assistance to these three nations, assistance that strengthens their capacity to resist Russia’s aggression. b1015 The resolution calls on all free nations of Europe, the United Nations, 
and international partners to continue to apply pressure on the totalitarian state of Russia to uphold its obligations, and it reaffirms U.S. support for these three nations integrating into the European Union. This implies that Georgia, Ukraine, and Moldova must also meet their obligations under EU association agreements to commit first and foremost to meaningful progress on economic reforms, strengthening democratic institutions, combating corruption, building independent judicial systems, and holding to the rule of law. This resolution marks our shared commitment to democracy in these great countries to be united to stand against Putin’s aggression. Freedomloving countries must stop the Russian bear and Putin’s desire to be czar of a new Putinland. As John F. Kennedy said many years ago: ‘‘Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and success of liberty.’’ And that is just the way it is. 
UNDERMINING INSURANCE IN THE MARKETPLACE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak about a brave young woman, an Arizonan named Vanessa Ramirez. When she was just 23 years old, Vanessa received a devastating diagnosis. Doctors told her that she had ovarian cancer, yet Vanessa refused to put her dreams on hold. She somehow managed to fit in chemotherapy sessions between her classes at Arizona State. Eventually, Vanessa pulled through. She beat cancer, and, today, she has two happy, healthy kids. Vanessa has overcome a lot in her young life, but thanks to the Affordable Care Act, there is one challenge she won’t be forced to endure: going without health insurance. Despite her preexisting condition, Vanessa was able to purchase an affordable plan through the ObamaCare marketplace. Her children are also covered under KidsCare, our State’s Children’s Health Insurance Program. However, if Donald Trump gets his way, Vanessa’s story soon could take a sad turn. Having abolished the individual mandate, Republican State attorneys general, backed by President Trump, are now arguing in court that rules prohibiting insurers from charging higher rates on the basis of a preexisting condition or even denying coverage completely should be ruled unconstitutional. The mandate is so central to ObamaCare, Republicans claim that, without it, the courts should simply throw out the whole Affordable Care Act altogether. Their arguments are clearly baseless. But if Republicans succeed, millions of Americans like Vanessa could quickly lose their coverage. Of course, that is not all the Trump administration is doing to undermine the Affordable Care Act. President Trump blocked costsharing reduction payments to insurers, sending shock waves of uncertainty through insurance markets across the Nation and raising costs for consumers in premiums. Trump also cut openenrollment periods and slashed funding to help Americans sign up for insurance. Trump and the GOP don’t care about the people they are hurting. His only objective is to erase the legacy of his predecessor. Mr. Speaker, no issue crystalizes the differences between our two political parties like this one. Democrats don’t think your insurance company should be allowed to drop you because you get sick. Democrats don’t believe you should go bankrupt and lose your home simply because you get in an accident. Democrats are committed to the belief that healthcare is a right, not a privilege, for every single American. On the other hand, Republicans want to turn back the clock to a time when a minor diagnosis could lead to the loss of coverage, when young people were kicked off their parents’ plan as soon as they turned 18, when simply being a woman somehow qualified as a preexisting condition. That is not right. Mr. Speaker, Republicans couldn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act in Congress. Now they are just trying to sabotage it from the White House, and millions of Americans, like Vanessa Ramirez, could lose access to lifesaving care as a result. We can’t allow that to happen. 
HONORING DAVID ALEXANDER HOGUE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to recognize a true American, David Alexander Hogue. David is the son of Grady and Dovie Hogue, born in 1946 in Blacksburg, South Carolina. He attended Blacksburg public schools and was elected president of his high school senior class. He then enrolled at the University of South Carolina School of Pharmacy, where he graduated in 1970. After working in a drugstore in York, South Carolina, and Cherokee drug store in Gaffney, South Carolina, he returned to Blacksburg, where he became the owner of Iron City Pharmacy, which was a 75yearold business. Among his many accomplishments, he formed the Iron City Band where he played piano and toured the entire Southeast with his band. As a member of the Blacksburg First Baptist Church, he was a member of the choir; he was a deacon; he was a trustee; and he was chairman of his Sunday school class. In 1989, David entered the political arena, where he was elected to the Blacksburg City Council, where he was appointed mayor pro tempore. He was then appointed mayor by thenGovernor Carroll Campbell after his predecessor was removed from office, and he won a special election for mayor in June of 1990, where he has served honorably for the last 28 years. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize, in the 115th session of Congress, a true American, David Alexander Hogue. f 
RESHAPE TRADE DEALS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, on the important economic challenge of renegotiating NAFTA, once again, the Trump administration is leading us down a chaotic and unstable path. Our Nation must fix bad trade deals to create good jobs and stop the wage race to the bottom. President Trump is taking a ‘‘shoot first, ask questions later’’ approach. It reminds me of his recent backward walk of words diminishing our NATO allies and his brash capitulating performance in Helsinki. Closer to home, our continent has a onceinageneration opportunity to reshape our trade deals that have resulted in lowered wages for the American people. Starting with NAFTA, we must recreate agreements that raise wages and lift up workers in our Nation and across the world. Current trade deals exact huge profits for transnational companies that outsource jobs but continue the race to the bottom on wages for workers. So far, Trump’s unsteady actions on trade just create more chaos, with businesses putting hiring plans on hold or scaling back whole projects because of their confusion about tariffs. Is his trade rhetoric producing a good outcome for the American people or is it just continuing the red ink of worse trade deficits, suppressed wages, and rising costs for consumers? According to the PayScale Index, the paychecks of working Americans have fallen 1.4 percent just since 2017 when you adjust for the rising costs of essentials like healthcare, prescription drugs, gas, and groceries. In fact, wages have fallen, actually, 9.3 percent since 2006, as costs go up and up and up but wages stay flat or go down for so many families. This is not what the American people were promised. They were promised bigger paychecks, more reshoring of jobs—remember Carrier in Indiana— better trade deals, and a President who was on their side. So far, we have just unfulfilled promises and confusion. NAFTA negotiations press on, but there is concern President Trump will 
go the way of his recent NATO meeting. Reports from his trade ambassador seem encouraging, but will this administration follow through on its promises to turn NAFTA into a job insourcing deal? If his promise to fix healthcare or promises that the GOP tax giveaway to the top 1 percent would raise wages is any indication, then count me as a sceptic. Since NAFTA’s passage in 1993, there has not been a single year in which our Nation has achieved a trade balance with Mexico or Canada. These massive billiondollar trade deficits power the harmful push of livingwage jobs beyond our borders and reduction in our wages. This low wage race to the bottom pits our workers against those making povertylevel wages in other nations. Talk is cheap, Mr. President. In Ohio, people judge people by their actions. Words aren’t enough to help working families. Our workers and the middle class that powers this country should not be the victim of an illthoughtout trade war or attacks on our allies. President Trump, listen to the people in places like Ohio, in both the industrial and agricultural sectors. Listen to the voters who took a chance on you because of trade. More trade chaos is not the path we were promised. Renegotiate a NAFTA that will result in trade balances, insourcing of jobs to this country with higher paying jobs in our country and rising wages for our workers, and with continental efforts to gain stability working with our trade partners in both Canada and Mexico. That is what a renegotiated NAFTA should look like. Let’s hope we get it. 
RECOGNIZING PAUL KRUSS AND HUSSAIN MOHAMMED The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Paul Kruss and Hussain Mohammed on their recent recognition by Boys Town Jerusalem. Paul and Mo are the proprietors of Mo’s Bagels and Deli located in beautiful south Florida. Although some may know these two for serving up some of the best bagels and lox in Aventura, many know them for their worldclass philanthropy and community involvement. Most recently, Paul and Mo have joined forces to support Boys Town Jerusalem, a phenomenal academic institution transforming the lives of disadvantaged boys into productive members of Israeli society. Whether it be involvement in local causes at home or ensuring success for the next generations abroad, Paul and Mo’s dedication and commitment to helping those who need it the most is unwavering. Paul Kruss and Hussain Mohammed are champions of noble causes, champions for Israel, and champions for our south Florida community. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud of the work accomplished by Paul and by Mo, and I congratulate them on this much deserved recognition by Boys Town Jerusalem. Mazel tov, amigos. f 
RECOGNIZING THOIS KIEL AND MARGARET YAEGER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize two exceptional members of our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who are working to make life better for homeless youth throughout our community. Thois Kiel and Margaret Yaeger, residents of Neshaminy Manor Nursing Home, both decided to create a community outreach project in order to give back to those in need. Working together, they knit a large red and black afghan one square at a time before connecting them and presenting it to Robert ‘‘Woody’’ Wood of the Synergy Project of Bucks County, an organization that seeks to assist and counsel homeless youth and young adults. Mr. Speaker, we commend Thois and Margaret for their compassion for our community’s most vulnerable members and for their work to improve lives with such a personal touch. I would also like to thank Neshaminy Manor’s assistant director of activities, Heather O’Donnell, for all of her work in facilitating outreach projects, and Woody Wood for his work in bettering the lives of homeless youth in our community. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a small business in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that was recently recognized as Business of the Month by the Lansdale Borough Council. Backyard Beans Coffee Company started in the backyard of coowners Matt and Laura Adams with only a Weber grill and one goal in mind: to create highquality, dynamic coffee and coffee products. Located on West Main Street in Lansdale, Backyard Beans Coffee takes community responsibility personally and works diligently to ensure it is using products that are not only sourced responsibly and ethically but that also promote sustainability. To date, Backyard Beans’ popular roasts, which source beans from Central America, Africa, South America, and Asia, are sold in nearly 100 restaurants and retail locations, along with regional farmers’ markets. I applaud Matt and Laura for contributing to an already thriving community of businesses in Montgomery County, and we congratulate Backyard Beans Coffee Company on their recognition as Business of the Month. RECOGNIZING BENT METAL CUSTOMS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a small business in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, that was recently recognized as Business of the Month by the Lansdale Borough Council. Bent Metal Customs, located on West Third Street in Lansdale, was founded in 2002 in Hatfield before moving to its current, larger location. A classic car restoration shop, Bent Metal Customs specializes in vehicle customization and restoration. b1030 Bent Metal Customs has influenced the motor vehicle industry in Montgomery County and beyond. Publications, such as Street Trucks, Chevy High Performance, and Diesel World, have all featured the work of Bent Metal Customs. The quality work of its employees has drawn customers from as far as Michigan and Florida, and is even showcased yearly at an auto show in Las Vegas, Nevada. I would like to recognize Bent Metal Customs’ owner, Justin Brenner, for this distinction, and thank him and the entire Bent Metal Customs family for their contributions to our local economy and community. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP MUST STEP DOWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. SHEAPORTER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to read an oped from former EPA Administrator Christine Todd Whitman, who worked for Richard Nixon and George Bush: 
President Trump’s disgraceful performance in Helsinki, Finland, and, in the days since, is an indication that he is not fit to remain in office. Trump’s 2016 ‘‘America First’’ platform might be more aptly named ‘‘Russia First’’ after the disaster that occurred last week. Trump’s turn toward Russia is indefensible. I am a lifelong Republican. I have campaigned and won as a member of the party, and I have served more than one Republican President. My Republican colleagues—once rightfully critical of President Obama’s engagement strategy with Russia leader Vladimir Putin—have to end their willful ignorance of the damage Trump is doing, both domestically and internationally. We must put aside the GOP label, as hard as that may be, and demonstrate the leadership our country needs by calling on the President to step down. Trump’s sycophantic relationship with Putin is unsurprising given his previous comments about Russia and its dictator. What is shocking is how long he has possessed, and disregarded, hard evidence of Putin’s direct role in undermining our elections. According to New York Times reporting, he saw dispositive emails and texts early in January 2017. Trump’s repeated public dismissals of the intelligence coming from his own deputies is deeply disturbing. Along with his walk back 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Imam Seyed Ali Ghazvini, Islamic Cultural Center of Fresno, Fresno, California, offered the following prayer: Bismillahir Rahmanir Rahim, in the name of God, the compassionate, the merciful, Almighty God, I thank You for having led me to this great Nation, whose history of welcoming immigrants makes it possible for me to give today’s prayer. I thank You for inspiring our Founding Fathers and the governments that followed to acknowledge civil liberties and minority rights. I ask You, God, to bless the Members of this Hall, and I pray that You continue to inspire our elected officials so that their decisions meet Your approval. I pray that You inspire them to continue to uphold the democratic values of fairness and compassion that have made our Nation great, so that no one seeking refuge from war is banned from stepping on our soil based on faith affiliation or race, so that desperate families seeking refuge are not separated. God, empower our lawmakers to promote peace, starting in our own cities and emanating to the rest of the world. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHNEIDER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f WELCOMING IMAM SEYED ALI GHAZVINI The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and it is my honor and privilege to welcome Imam Ghazvini as the guest chaplain to the United States House of Representatives. For the past 14 years, Seyed Ali Ghazvini has served as imam, or spiritual leader, of the Islamic Cultural Center in Fresno, a very important Islamic center in the San Joaquin Valley. In addition to leading prayers and Qur’anic study, the Imam Ghazvini has distinguished himself as a prominent, prominent community leader. Since the beginning of his ministry, the imam has worked intently to facilitate meaningful interfaith dialogue and understanding throughout the valley, among all religions. As the cochair of the Interfaith Alliance of Central California, he has brought together numerous religious and social justice organizations to host mixedfaith events and spread tolerance and inclusivity throughout the San Joaquin Valley. I know because I have had the wonderful pleasure and honor to participate. It has been with great honor, again, that many of us who have been able to participate in these interdenominational meetings have witnessed a renewed commitment to social justice firsthand. I urge my colleagues to welcome me in joining him and in thanking him this morning for his opening prayer. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Easton/ Newnam Field Airport on its 75th anniversary. Easton Airport on Maryland’s Eastern Shore is a fixture in the Talbot County community and celebrates a rich and patriotic history. Originally constructed by the military during World War II, the Easton Airport was used as one of the hundreds of bases for military planes patrolling the East Coast for Nazi submarines. After the war, the Federal Government sold the Easton Airport, and others like it, to the local jurisdictions in which they were located for just $1. Since the end of World War II, the Easton Airport has grown to be one of the busiest general aviation facilities in Maryland, serving local businesses, the military, corporate pilots, and aviation enthusiasts. Congratulations to the Easton Airport on this tremendous anniversary, and cheers to another 75 years of serving Talbot County, the State of Maryland, and the United States of America. f 
ELECTION SECURITY LETTER (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, Special Counsel Robert Mueller indicted 12 Russian intelligence operatives for their activities hacking Democratic email and computer networks during the 2016 election. In Illinois, our State Board of Elections was also targeted and its voter registration database breached. Data on tens of thousands of Illinois voters was taken. This breach and the taking of voter data is an unacceptable, malicious attack on our Nation and its people. We must not only hold the attackers accountable; we need to ensure that attacks on our next election are defended against. Personally, I have met with county clerks for the district I represent, and I know they are taking action, treating this threat seriously. We need to ensure that our Federal Government is responding with the same level of urgency. That is why, today, I led my Illinois colleagues in a letter requesting a briefing from the Department of Justice on their election security efforts in our State. Protecting the integrity of our election is fundamental to our democracy. I urge the Department of Justice to work with Illinois to secure our election infrastructure and prepare for this serious national threat. 
ABIY AHMED ALI REVIVES ETHIOPIAN REFORMS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Ethiopian Prime Minister Dr. Abiy Ahmed Ali has made positive changes in the country since his April inauguration. Prime Minister Ali has released thousands of political prisoners and ended a state of emergency. Critically, Dr. Abiy has stated that Ethiopia will fully comply with the Algiers Agreement, the peace agreement signed for the formal end of the war of 12 years between Ethiopia and Eritrea, which, gruesomely, has killed more than 100,000 people. Prime Minister Abiy’s leadership and initiative to personally visit with the Eritrean leadership and offer direct airline routes has melted away a nearly 18year cold war between the two states. The United States will continue to support Prime Minister Abiy’s diplomatic outreach and reform, which will 
also contribute to regional stability. New hope and opportunity with free market reforms are now available to the people of Ethiopia. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Welcome, Pastor John Hagee and Christians United for Israel, to Washington, addressed last night by Ambassador Nikki Haley. 
FLINT WATER CRISIS IS NOT OVER (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank my House colleagues who visited my hometown of Flint, Michigan, last week to get an update on the city’s ongoing water crisis. I want to specifically thank Leader NANCY PELOSI ; Assistant Democratic Leader JIMCLYBURN ; Representatives BARBARA LEE, JIMMCGOVERN , DENNY  HECK, DWIGHT EVANS , JARED HUFFMAN ; and, of course, the members of the Michigan delegation, including SANDY  LEVIN, BRENDA LAWRENCE , and D EBBIE  DINGELL . I want to thank them all for visiting Flint. I appreciate all my colleagues who have come to Flint to visit with families, and I am especially grateful that Congress passed muchneeded help for this community as it struggles to overcome this water crisis. Today, there is progress in Flint, thanks to this body. Nearly 7,000 of those dangerous lead pipes have been replaced so far using the Federal funds that we provided. The recovery does continue. The Flint water crisis has faded from the national headlines, and this congressional delegation is a reminder that the crisis isn’t over. That visit was an opportunity for us to hear directly from families that there is still much to be done. What happened in Flint is not some anomaly. It is a warning to the rest of the country and to this Congress that we have to do more to rebuild America’s critical infrastructure. Otherwise, we run the risk of more Flint, Michigans to come. 
b1215 GIVING AMERICANS MORE CHOICES ON HEALTHCARE EXPENSE SAVINGS (Mrs. WAGNER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of giving Americans more choices when deciding how to save for healthcare expenses. The legislation we are voting on this week will increase the number of Americans who are eligible to contribute to taxfree health savings accounts and expand the use of HSAs to cover direct primary care and overthe counter medicines. HSAs make it easier for people to take a proactive approach to their own healthcare. It is time to give Americans more access and more choice and affordability when spending their hard earned paychecks. Our legislation will also reduce premiums, roll back burdensome ObamaCare regulations, and give Americans more options and control when dealing with personal issues of healthcare. I look forward to casting my vote for all Missouri, especially those in Missouri’s Second Congressional District. They deserve the freedom to do what is best for their families. f 
RECOGNIZING PUBLIC SAFETY AIRCREWS (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize a group of unsung heroes who help keep our country and communities safe. Public safety aircrews fly every day across the Nation to ensure the safety of our domestic airspace, often in very hazardous conditions. They also support first responders during disaster response and rescue missions throughout the country. We honor the commitment of those public servants, both past and present, and recognize that some have made the ultimate sacrifice. It is only fitting that a day be set aside to honor the thousands of public servants, both past and present, who have served. To this end, I introduce H. Res. 991, to recognize June 26 of each year as National Public Safety Aviation Day. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 184, PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6311, INCREASING ACCESS TO LOWER PREMIUM PLANS AND EXPANDING HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1011 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 1011 provides for the consideration of two bills aimed at removing some of the most burdensome aspects of the Affordable Care Act, and, as a result, moving toward lowering healthcare costs for the millions of Americans who are confronted daily with rising premiums, rising deductibles, and rising drug prices. With each bill, we take one step closer to ultimately eliminating the Affordable Care Act’s governmentrun approach to healthcare and return to a marketdriven solution that puts patients first. The first bill in today’s rule, H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017, would repeal the excise tax on medical devices imposed on American companies by the previously mentioned Affordable Care Act. The second bill in today’s rule, H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health 
Savings Accounts Act of 2018, expands the availability and the use of health savings accounts to allow individuals and their families to save their own money and budget for the healthcare needs they have that otherwise would not be part of their budget. Today’s resolution provides for a closed rule for H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017. This is the standard practice for a taxrelated measure on the House floor. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member on the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule does provide the minority with the customary motion to recommit with or without instructions. The second part of today’s resolution provides for a closed rule for H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The customary motion to recommit with or without instructions is provided to the minority. This week, Republicans in the House continue our efforts to increase more healthcare options while driving down premiums in the individual market. According to the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation at the Department of Health and Human Services, premiums on the exchange are 105 percent higher, on average, in calendar year 2017, compared to premiums in the individual market in calendar year 2013, which was the last year before the Affordable Care Act took effect. It is important that we continue to address the negative impact that the Affordable Care Act has had on the individual market and to help Americans across the country be more in charge of their healthcare purchases. Thus far, the Republican Congress has been successful in nullifying the individual mandate, repealing the Independent Payment Advisory Board, and delaying many of the harmful taxes on American businesses and American consumers. I am also encouraged by the actions of the administration in permitting more lowcost limited duration insurance plans and allowing access to association health plans for more small businesses. These are choices that are provided to the American people so that they, the American people, can be in the driver’s seat, not the other way around with the ACA’s governmentapproved onesizefitsall healthcare model. With that in mind, two bills we are considering this week seek to expand and improve health savings accounts. Under the current rule, H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plan and Expanding Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018, will enhance the benefit of taxpreferred health accounts so that individuals can better plan and save for their healthcare needs, and, also, these individuals will see lower premiums on their healthcare plans. For the last several Congresses, I have argued to improve the utility of health savings accounts, and so I am pleased to see that these important policies are being advanced through the House this week. In addition to offering health insurance, many employers often arrange to reimburse their employees and their dependants some of their medical expenses that are not covered by health insurance. Health flexible spending accounts and health reimbursement arrangements are two of the more common arrangements offered by employers. I have heard the frustration of employees, many of whom are my constituents in north Texas, over forfeiting the remaining amounts in their flexible spending account at the end of each plan year. We can all agree that the healthcare needs and purchases vary from year to year, where one year a person may have more medical expenses than the next or the other way around. One of the provisions in H.R. 6311 eliminates the arbitrary ‘‘use it or lose it’’ rule and allows flexible spending account balances to be carried over to the next plan year within a reasonable annual flexible spending account contribution limit. Another provision allows working seniors that are covered under an HSA eligible high deductible health plan and enrolled in Medicare part A to continue to contribute to their health savings account. Just because someone becomes eligible for Medicare because of age, they should not be prohibited from continuing to contribute to a health savings account. Under current law, there are annual health savings account contribution limits. In 2018, the limit for an individual was $3,450. For families, that amount was $6,900. While these limits are updated annually for inflation, they are significantly less than the combined limit on annual outofpocket deductible expenses. H.R. 6311 would allow individuals to increase their contributions to equal to the combined annual limit on the out ofpocket and deductible expenses under their HSAqualified insurance plan. That would be $6,550 for an individual and $13,300 for a family this year. The Affordable Care Act limits the option of individuals enrolled in bronze and socalled copper, or catastrophic, plans to make HSA contributions. Also, only those under 30 or those that qualify for a hardship exemption are actually able to purchase the socalled copper health plan. That is a 50 percent actuarial value health plan. So, today, I am pleased that a bill that I introduced with Representative ROSKAM , H.R. 6314, the Health Savings Act of 2018, to expand the eligibility and the access to health savings accounts by allowing plans categorized as catastrophic and bronze plans in the individual and small group markets to qualify for HSA contributions. That is included in this bill. Lastly, I appreciate working with the Ways and Means Health Subcommittee Chairman PETER ROSKAM on H.R. 6311. One of the key provisions of the bill is to provide an offramp from ObamaCare’s rising premiums and limited choices by allowing the premium tax credit to be used for qualified plans offered outside of the law’s exchanges and healthcare.gov. In addition, it expands access to the lowest premium plans available, so called copper or catastrophic plans, for all individuals purchasing coverage in the individual market and allows the premium tax credit to be used to offset the cost of such plans. b1230 I recognize not everyone will choose to have a health savings account, but they should have the option because HSAs represent a powerful tool to lower prices and improve access to quality care for everyone, and those are goals that we can all share. Now, it is well documented that many of the provisions contained within the Affordable Care Act have negative consequences on patients, both in access to care and in affordability. One of the provisions that has been universally criticized is that, on a large, bipartisan nature, its repeal was called for almost immediately after the passage of the Affordable Care Act. This is the tax on medical device manufacturers, or more commonly referred to as the medical device tax. It seems illogical that within a piece of legislation that was purported to make medical care available, more accessible to all Americans, the Federal Government would want to tax the very providers of medical innovation that create devices to improve the delivery of healthcare, but, nevertheless, that is exactly what happened when ObamaCare passed in 2010, and it was done as a means to pay for the astronomical price tag that accompanied the Affordable Care Act. This tax burden is unfair, and it actually increases costs that consumers pay at their doctors’ offices. The tax has also been cited by dozens of medical device manufacturers who have or are considering moving their operations overseas so that they can continue to innovate without the heavy burden of this tax stifling their growth. This tax slows the creation of new techniques and devices, which will make the delivery of medicine more efficient, and it puts at risk the jobs that were created by the creation of such devices. For anyone who thinks that we are merely talking about the largest and most expensive pieces of technology found within a hospital—basically, your MRI, CAT scans, and some surgical equipment—let’s be clear that 
this tax covers every piece of medical equipment, from those large machines to the smallest of items, including syringes used to deliver lifesaving antibiotics and vaccines. It continues to negatively impact a number of constituents in my district and, I am certain, in districts around the country, and it does continue to create a burden on a number of companies. The medical device tax has led to the elimination of thousands of goodpaying jobs, and repealing it would be the first step to bringing those jobs back and stem the loss of future jobs within this vital industry that is helping to mitigate rising costs of healthcare due to the burdensome provisions within the Affordable Care Act. This is a tax on business, a tax on consumers, and a tax on innovation. To date, 33,000 jobs have been lost in the medical device industry since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, and it is projected that over 130,000 additional jobs are on the chopping block. Why would anyone be surprised about this? Excise taxes—and that is what this is, an excise tax—are meant to lead to a reduction in the consumption of the goods being taxed. We place an excise tax on cigarettes. We want to discourage people from smoking. We make it burdensome to afford a smoking habit. Did we really intend, with the passage of the Affordable Care Act by congressional Democrats in 2010, to make it more burdensome to use more efficient medical devices? H.R. 184 has bipartisan, bicameral support, with currently 277 cosponsors. Republican leadership in the House has heard this request and heard the calls from many Members within this body and is moving this bill in a responsible way to put Americans back to work and lower healthcare costs for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise to debate this rule, but I would urge my colleague from Texas to be mindful that this ain’t going nowhere, so we really are, when all is said and done, wasting our time. This is not likely to be taken up by the Senate in August, and why we are not doing other things, I simply cannot understand. The Protect Medical Innovation Act and the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Accounts Act are worth considering. The gentleman from Texas certainly is an expert in this area and is most sincere. It is regrettable that the legislation, ultimately, that will pass the House of Representatives ain’t going nowhere. Taken together, these measures do nothing to ameliorate the Republican attempt to eviscerate the Affordable Care Act, do nothing to curb rising drug costs, and do nothing to curtail skyrocketing premium hikes. Instead, H.R. 6311 continues the Republican majority’s destructive path of undermining and destabilizing our health insurance markets. This package of six bills will likely lead to fewer choices and competition for moderate and lowincome families who do not have the disposable income to pay premium costs up front. In bringing up the second measure, H.R. 184, my friends across the aisle seem intent on ignoring the pressing issues facing our country, like passing sensible legislation that will address the country’s ongoing gun violence epidemic, passing legislation that will protect our election infrastructure from hostile foreign hacking, or passing legislation that will help reunite the more than 2,500 separated children with their families. Rather, the Republican majority wants to waste valuable legislative time in repealing a tax that won’t even be active until 2020. This is the last week before we go on a 5week recess and we are doing nothing. Even worse, these bills are not offset and, taken together with tomorrow’s bills, will add up to $90 billion to our deficit. They are not paid for. And I challenge my colleague on the floor handling this rule to tell me where the payfors are, and, if there are none, why are they not paid for—$90 billion. Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe that the epidemic of gun violence that plagues our communities must be addressed in a comprehensive manner and without further delay. Unfortunately, our Nation has witnessed far too many senseless deaths caused each day by firearms, and that continues to rise. Under a Republican majority, many commonsense reforms, such as the assault weapons ban—and somebody please tell me why anyone other than the military and law enforcement needs an assault weapon; I just, for the life of me, cannot understand it—were allowed to expire. I might add, flood insurance is getting ready to expire. We are not taking that measure up. Providing nearly unfettered access to a variety of firearms does not make any sense. Someone said to me, well, there are 103 kinds of automatic weapons; and I say ban them all because they don’t have any business in the hands of people in the streets at all. While we need to preserve the rights of responsible gun owners—and I am one of them; I believe in the Second Amendment—we must focus more of our attention and efforts on keeping weapons out of the hands of dangerous individuals instead of attacking and undermining the healthcare for millions of hardworking Americans. While the present administration works to further the majority’s aim of dismantling the most popular aspects of the Affordable Care Act, like keeping children on their parents’ health insurance until the age of 26 and protecting people with preexisting conditions, these bills continue to balloon Federal spending and deficits. While we were promised increased revenue from the GOP tax cuts of 2017, with the GOP falling back on tired talking points like tax cuts paying for themselves, we now have the Congressional Budget Office projecting over $1 trillion in budget deficits in 2020, even before legislation like this passes. Whatever happened to the conservative Republicans? Where did the fiscal conservative Republicans go, who are blowing up the deficit in this country? The amount of fiscal irresponsibility demonstrated by my friends across the aisle is shocking and will be a great detriment to all Americans in the future. Moreover, these pieces of legislation do nothing to holistically solve the most pressing concerns hardworking Americans have with healthcare: ever increasing premiums, unstable health markets, and exploding drug costs. In fact, in the last year and a half, the majority has gone out of their way to destabilize health markets as much as they can. Instead of encouraging Americans to enroll in health insurance, the Department of Health and Human Services has created an advertising campaign explicitly undermining the individual insurance markets created under the Affordable Care Act. Republicans have cut the Department’s budget for those grassroots organizations whose sole purpose is to assist folks in signing up for health insurance. How much of the budget did they cut? 92 percent. In addition to this, HHS has threatened States that try to lower premiums, and the Trump administration has even canceled costsharing reduction payments to insurers, which the CBO projects will leave 1 million more people uninsured, raise premiums by 20 to 25 percent over the next 2 years, and increase the Federal deficit by $200 billion. Listen, people, when we started this business of the Affordable Care Act—as much as my friends on the other side who have the prerogative, in the majority, to be in disagreement with this measure as well as any others and to offer this thing that ain’t going nowhere here today—the simple fact of the matter is, some few years back, we had 42 million Americans who were uninsured. We now have more than 42 million Americans uninsured, and that is wrong. I said yesterday in the Rules Committee, all of us, 535—the Senate and the House—and the six delegates, ought to be locked up up here until we come up with a sensible solution for the American people with reference to a crisis. It was said yesterday by the chair of this committee that the plan that is going to be offered—that we did offer and then they voted against—would be the best healthcare plan in the world. Well, it ain’t the best healthcare plan 
in the world. The best healthcare plans in the world are in Denmark, Sweden, Switzerland, Australia, and a whole bunch of other places other than America. And while the Trump administration has pushed junk healthcare plans, even the organizations that originally lobbied the administration for access to these plans now say they no longer want to use them. All in all, as a result of these policies, as I have indicated, 4 million fewer Americans have health insurance than when Donald John Trump took office, and healthcare costs continue to rise unabated. I need not remind my colleagues that people in the United States pay far more for healthcare than in any other industrialized nation on Earth, and, in most cases, they get far less. We spend over 18 percent of our gross domestic product on healthcare, compared to most other countries, which spend less than 10 percent, with much of the disparity occurring thanks to higher drug prices and administrative overhead. b1245 Despite the money we pour into our healthcare, the United States has the shortest life expectancy and highest infant mortality of any modern industrialized nation—let me repeat that—the shortest life expectancy, and the highest infant mortality of any modern industrialized nation. We have far fewer physicians—and we had better do something about that; not in this measure, not in the Affordable Healthcare Act. We had better get busy trying to figure out how to provide more physicians, more nurses, more research for a variety of measures that are oncoming that our Nation is going to be confronted with. We have fewer hospital beds and, in perhaps what is the most depressing statistic of all of U.S. healthcare, the United States is one of only 13 countries in the world where the rate of maternal mortality, defined as the death of a mother in the year after she gives birth, is now worse than it was 25 years ago. And here we are, continuing to jaw jack about something that ain’t going nowhere, and we have situations in our country that all of us know something about, all of us care about. There is no Republican in the House or Democrat in the House that doesn’t care about their constituents and their healthcare. And at the very same time, what we are winding up doing is arguing with each other and nothing is getting done, and that is just dead wrong for this country. Black women, in particular, are three times more likely to die from health related issues to their pregnancy. How can we seemingly pay for more healthcare now than at any point in our Nation’s history and, yet, at the same time, be getting worse care than we were decades ago? We have a fundamentally broken system. The majority doesn’t seem to have any way of fixing it, and I am not even sure that they want to fix it. Indeed, they seem to be going out of their way making it somehow worse. Now I hear all of the voices out there. I had a constituent call the other day to tell me that I wasn’t as liberal as his people were, liberal, and that I didn’t understand this whole healthcare system. And I told him: Listen, man, in 1992, when I ran for office, I ran on the premise of universal healthcare for every American, period. And when we did the Affordable Healthcare Act, it ultimately got called the ObamaCare Act. I have said in the Rules Committee repeatedly, it probably should have been called the Hastings/ObamaCare Act, or perhaps we would have done what Dr. BURGESS asked us to do and it would be called the Burgess Healthcare Act. I don’t care what it is called. It needs to be called something that is going to help every American, and not just a handful, and certainly not the richest people in this country who don’t even need any healthcare. They have been at the socialized healthcare business for all of their lives and, therefore, people like Donald John Trump don’t need to worry about this kind of thing. It is those people that are vulnerable. It is those people on Medicaid in Florida and other States that didn’t expand Medicaid, 900,000 of them in my State, that are left to the mercies of the system. And what do they do? All of us know what they do. When they have healthcare, they go to the hospital, to the emergency room, generally speaking, they are treated, and then those taxpayers in those respective jurisdictions wind up paying for it. So why don’t we get our act together and try to do something about it now? I have proudly advocated for multiple pieces of legislation that will improve and strengthen the Medicare system, including H.R. 676, the Expanded and Improved Medicare for All Act, which will provide all individuals residing in the United States and the United States territories, with affordable healthcare, including that which is medically most necessary, such as primary and preventative care, dietary and nutritional therapies, prescription drugs, emergency care, longterm care, mental health services, dental services, and vision care. Underscore preventative care. And if we did more in that arena, we wouldn’t have as much of a problem as we do today. Medicare for All will save taxpayers hundreds of dollars a month. Now, I firmly believe that we must focus priorities in the interest of the American people to ensure that our citizens have continued access to healthcare services. So when we come back here in September, when we finish all of our fighting in November, and we have somebody that is going to get elected, 435 of us will return here and be sworn in in January. Let’s all make a commitment that we are going to work together, together, to get all of the resources, the tremendous minds, the incredible staffs that work here in this institution together, and try to make sure that we do the right thing by the American people and pass a measure that will cause everyone to have affordable care. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman is quite correct in identifying the other body as sometimes an obstacle to good public policy, for it was 1 year ago that the other body blocked a health care reform that this body had passed the previous May. But, Mr. Speaker, I want to draw the House’s attention to an article in today’s Wall Street Journal. The title of the article is ‘‘TrumpCare beats ObamaCare.’’ And I just want to quote a little bit from this article. To set the stage, in December, with the repeal of the individual mandate, and quoting here: ‘‘But while many people didn’t realize it at the time, it turns out that Mr. Trump has been helping to improve an important source of insurance coverage since virtually the moment he took office.’’ Continuing to quote here: ‘‘By prioritizing economic growth and reducing the tax and regulatory burdens on U.S. business, Mr. Trump has helped create an economy with more job openings than ever before. As if by magic, the invisible hand of a freer marketplace is now generating new benefits as employers compete to fill all those open positions.’’ Continuing to quote here: ‘‘For the first time in six years, the share of U.S. workers offered health insurance through their employer has risen, a sign a tighter labor market is prompting businesses to offer more generous benefits.’’ So, Mr. Speaker, I simply submit that the activities of the Trump administration have, indeed, improved the healthcare landscape in this country. That is something we should acknowledge and embrace. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule that would change the rules of the House to prevent any legislation from being considered that would reduce the guaranteed benefits for individuals enrolled in either Medicare or Medicaid programs. I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat 
the previous question so that we may protect these critical programs for this generation and the next. Mr. Speaker, I would be prepared now to advise my colleague from Texas that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close when, and if, he is. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close as well. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, this place, the people’s House, should be about approaching our congressional responsibilities and daily activities in a manner that is fair and respectful to all Americans; in a manner where the appropriate committee of jurisdiction holds hearings and markups; in a manner where experts in the field are respected and consulted; in a manner where Members of both political parties have the ability to offer amendments and debate the contents of bills that come to the House floor. Unfortunately, in this historically closedoff, Republican run House, that is not the case. And let me make it very clear. Even though in the Ways and Means and the Appropriations Committee, as a matter of practice, we allow for closed rules, we now have, with these three rules that are likely to be finished today, we have 95 closed rules. This is 2018, and not in the history of the people’s House has the process been as closed. When the Speaker of the House of Representatives began this session, he indicated that it would be the most open session that we would have. And yet, it is not the case. I spoke earlier about immigration, and I saw this morning where the majority leader has determined, even though having promised his own conference that he would have a vote on immigration, he ain’t gonna do it. Now, something is wrong with this process and it needs to be corrected, and we can correct it going forward. We will make 100, and then we will be historically referenced as the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. What we see are my friends across the aisle, bending over backwards to reward a very specific and elite constituency. Week after week, the powerful gun lobby is rewarded as Republican leadership refuses to bring up even the most commonsense gun violence prevention legislation. The next week, like today, the powerful medical insurance lobby chalks up a win as this Republicanled Congress votes in favor of special interests over the interests of hardworking Americans. Some other people that make out like bandits that we never talk about are the insurance companies. I could spend a whole hour talking about how they are benefiting while we are about the business of tying each other in knots with verbiage rather than with substantive legislation. Mr. Speaker, while there is no quick fix to any of these measures, not to gun violence, opioid addiction, the immigration problems, and ongoing foreign cyber attacks on our election system’s infrastructure, we simply must engage in the complicated and difficult process of improving our country’s current policies. I, as well as my colleagues on this side of the aisle, stand ready to work with Members of Congress to bring commonsense legislation to the floor that will benefit all Americans and not just the rarified few. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question. This measure we are debating here today ain’t going nowhere, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The gentleman from Florida is making a point about open rules, and I do feel obligated to point out in the 111th Congress—that was the Congress that was the first 2 years of President Obama’s administration—in the 111th Congress, under Speaker PELOSI , the majority had zero open rules. That is zero open rules in the 2 years in which we saw the passage of the Affordable Care Act, the passage of DoddFrank; the Housepassed Waxman/Markey, which was a capandtrade global warming bill, so significant pieces of legislation passed the floor of this House, all under closed rules. But, Mr. Speaker, today’s rule brings forward two pieces of legislation that will have a meaningful impact on Americans’ healthcare costs, including the premiums and the prices they pay for medicines. b1300 H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017, which will repeal the Affordable Care Act’s illconceived medical device tax, and H.R. 6311, the Increasing Access to Lower Premium Plans and Expanding Health Savings Account Act of 2018, which will provide greater freedom for Americans to use their own money to pay for medical expenses out of their health savings accounts, both of these build on the House’s work over the past 2 years to make healthcare a more patientcentered market. Mr. Speaker, I certainly want to thank Representatives PAULSEN and ROSKAM for their work on these measures. I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and move the debate forward on this legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6199, RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2018, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 27, 2018, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 3, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1012 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 1012 provides for the consideration of an important bill to return control of healthcare spending and budgeting back where it belongs: with the patient. H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018, would amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain overthecounter medical products as qualified medical expenses for the purposes of spending one’s own dollars within a health savings account. Today’s resolution provides for a rule to allow H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018, the standard practice for a taxrelated measure on the House floor. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled between the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule does, however, provide the minority with the customary motion to recommit with or without instructions. Also included in the resolution before us today are the standard provisions allowing the House of Representatives to continue to operate while Members are home, working with their constituents during the August district work period. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the rule on H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. This rule includes the work of various Members of Congress on the important issue of modernizing health savings accounts. While this legislation did not move through the Health Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee, my fellow members on the other Health Subcommittee, that of the Ways and Means Committee, have done quality work in moving this package. Each bill was reported favorably out of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, I have long been a supporter of increasing flexibility within our healthcare system, especially through the use of health savings accounts. Health savings accounts allow patients to feel more involved and to have more control over their healthcare spending. As someone who has personally had a health savings account in the past, I believe it to be a powerful tool but that qualified expenses have been limited for too long. This package will give more power to consumers by allowing them to use their hardearned savings that they put into their health savings accounts on an expanded number of healthcare goods and services. The first bill in this package, Promoting HighValue Healthcare Through Flexibility for HighDeductible Health Plans Act, introduced by Chairman ROSKAM , allows for firstdollar coverage flexibility for highdeductible health plans. Many individuals, especially in the postAffordable Care Act world, have chosen to purchase highdeductible health plans. While this is a reasonable choice for many consumers, there are some who are faced with high outofpocket costs. H.R. 6199 allows health plans to provide coverage for up to $250 per year for individuals or $500 per year for families before they meet their deductible. The goal of this provision is to incentivize services that could reduce future healthcare costs, such as primary care visits and telehealth services. Additionally, under current law, individuals are unable to contribute to an HSA if they participate in a direct primary care service arrangement. Representative ERIK PAULSEN ’s Primary Care Enhancement Act, which is included in this rule, enables patients to be able to participate in a direct primary care service arrangement and remain qualified to contribute to a health savings account. It also includes direct primary care service arrangement fees as medical expenses. Some individuals are fortunate enough to receive certain healthcare services at or nearby their workplace through their employer. Representative MIKEKELLY ’s bipartisan Health 
Savings Account Improvement Act of 2018, which is included in this package, addresses this issue. While it is convenient and helpful to have access to such services, these individuals should not be barred from having a health savings account. This package creates a special rule that individuals can receive free or discounted services offered by their employers onsite or at retail medical clinics. These services may include physical exams, immunizations, nonprescription drugs, treatment of employmentrelated injuries, drug testing if required as a condition of employment, hearing or vision screenings, or other services that are not considered significant benefits in the nature of medical care. Mr. Speaker, the postAffordable Care Act world is riddled with flaws, but one of the biggest problems is its failure to promote consumerdriven healthcare. Expanding the use of health savings accounts could go a long way to reverse this trend. Health savings accounts give consumers incentives to manage their own healthcare costs by coupling a taxfavored savings account used to pay medical expenses with a highdeductible health plan that meets certain requirements for deductibles and outofpocket expense limits. The funds in a health savings account are owned by the individual and may be rolled over from year to year. Health savings accounts are not a novel idea. They have been around since 2004, but current health savings account policy is extraordinarily restrictive, making it harder for consumers to take advantage of it. I have spent several years in developing extensive reforms to increase the potential for health savings accounts for consumers, and H.R. 6199 includes meaningful improvements that we can, in fact, get across the finish line now to help families now. One of these improvements is the ability for spouses to contribute to a health savings account under certain circumstances even if their spouse has a flexible spending account. Under current law, one spouse can reimburse expenses for their spouses’ and other dependents’ medical expenses; therefore, the other spouse is considered to be ineligible for an HSA. This provision enables the spouse without the flexible spending account to reimburse for medical expenses, with certain restrictions. This is critical, as it gives individuals increased flexibility to save for their own healthcare expenses that a shared flexible spending account for the whole family may not provide. Additionally, this bill allows for individuals to terminate or convert their flexible spending account and health reimbursement accounts into a health savings account under certain circumstances. Employers would be able to allow their employees to convert their flexible spending account and health reimbursement account balances into health savings account funds if they enroll in a highdeductible health plan with an HSA. This is critical in empowering patients and allowing them the flexibility to change health plans without losing their savings. There is a dollar limitation of $2,650 for conversions for individuals, $5,300 for families, and the funds transferred into the HSA would count toward the enrollee’s HSA contribution for that taxable year. H.R. 6199, the bill introduced by Representative LYNNJENKINS from Kansas, makes commonsense, patientcentered reforms to help defray costs for individuals. Overthecounter medications, allergy and cold medicines, antibiotic ointment, and pain relievers are historically ineligible expenditures for HSA and other taxfavored healthcare accounts. The ACA created a requirement in Federal law that forced account holders to go to their doctor to obtain a prescription for overthe counter medications before purchasing them with their health savings account or flexible spending account. Individuals who fail to jump through these hoops and purchase overthecounter medications without a prescription, in fact, face a tax penalty for making a nonqualified distribution. This policy drives unnecessary utilization of doctor services, decreases access to overthecounter medications, and discourages people from taking control of saving for their healthcare needs. H.R. 6199 repeals this harmful provision, puts consumers back in the driver’s seat, and allows them efficient access to appropriate medications. Lastly, this legislation permits individuals to invest their hardearned health savings account dollars into their physical fitness and wellbeing. In many ways, income is a hurdle for individuals and families who would like to participate in a physical activity, whether they would like to pay for a membership at a fitness facility or pay for their children to join a youth sports league. This legislation opens the door for paying for such activities with health savings account dollars. Known originally as a standalone bill, the Personal Health Investment Today Act, introduced by Representative JASON SMITH, allows qualified sports and fitness expenses to count as qualified medical expenses. These particular expenses are capped at $500 a year for individuals and $1,000 on a joint return. b1315 Passage of this provision will assist individuals and families across the Nation in investing in their physical fitness, which can lead them to healthier lives and stave off conditions such as diabetes and obesity. These bills are an important example of the work we are doing right now to advance Member driven solutions that will improve healthcare for all Americans. Deductibles, outofpocket limitations have been steadily growing. Congress should be taking steps to make it easier for Americans to save, not restricting their options. The rule and the underlying bills included in this package strengthen consumer power and increase flexibility for patients in paying for their medical expenses. I appreciate all of the work that the Members have put into the provisions of this bill. I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, $2 trillion, that is what this GOP Congress added to the debt last year when they passed their tax scam, $2 trillion that has been taken away from our children and grandchildren to give tax breaks to corporations and the very wealthy. And today, we take up three bills which are estimated to add another $100 billion. I suppose in comparison to the tax scam, that may be small potatoes, but this is real spending with no offsets and no effort to even try to find an offset. When the 115th Congress finally ends, we will have to put trillions on the Nation’s credit card—trillions. Next year, those of us who may be lucky enough to be back will have the hard task of digging ourselves out of this hole, this wall of debt that will have been created by the 115th Congress. We will have new Members here who will need to deal with the decisions that we are making here today. Let me tell you about my experience in having to deal with those very irresponsible decisions that put us and pushed us into debt. In 2008, when I was first elected to the State legislature, I was elected with a wall of debt of $15 billion. My first 30 days in office, we passed four different budgets, and none of it added up. We simply couldn’t pay our bills. We had charged ourselves to a place that we could no longer continue. No one got paid for 6 or 7 months—no one, not the small contractors doing business with the State of California, not the big contractors, not our State employees, not even the members of the legislature. As a matter of fact, I don’t come from money, so every month I took a loan to make my mortgage. And this is where the 115th Congress is leading us today. There are no easy choices. Mr. Speaker, this rule makes in order H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication and Modernizing Health Savings Accounts Act of 2018. H.R. 6199 claims to restore access to medication and modernizes health savings accounts. This bill makes minor changes that largely favor higher incomeearning individuals who can afford to set aside that extra money for things like gym memberships. This is not, however, the worst bill we have voted on this year. And some 
of us may end up even voting for it. After all, I support fixes to the Affordable Care Act. We all do. However, it does not address the destructive actions by President Trump that have disproportionately affected lowincome families. After nearly 70 unsuccessful repeal attempts by this Congress, this administration has, sadly, turned to chipping away at the Affordable Care Act. President Trump has resorted to undoing key provisions of the healthcare law without offering any working fixes, which ultimately puts in jeopardy access to healthcare. He has eliminated the individual mandate, which alone will increase premiums by 9 or 10 percent, and he is expanding plans that offer slimmer benefits and reduce consumer protection, also known as junk plans, as they cover nothing. Healthcare plans that can charge you more for being a woman or for being older or for having a preexisting condition, these plans can also outright deny coverage to anyone, putting 130 million Americans’ healthcare at risk. Expanding these volatile health plans into the marketplace will also increase premiums between 1 and 4 percent. Almost a year ago, the Trump administration announced that they were canceling costsharing reduction payments which helped nearly 6 million lowincome Americans better afford medical services by lowering deductibles and copayments. This alone caused premiums in 2018 to increase by 20 percent, all while this majority won’t even try to find a $100 billion offset. Cutting costsharing payments increased the deficit by $200 billion. The administration also recently cut additional outreach and consumer education dollars to local organizations by $10 million. And this is not the first time that they cut these critical dollars. From the very beginning of this administration, millions of dollars in outreach, customer assistance and other help and total enrollment time was cut out. Additionally, we are still waiting on a solution to combat the rising prescription drug crisis, which was promised by this administration. The increasing cost of prescription drugs in combination with the forecasted increase in medical price inflation will also raise premiums between 5.7 and 6.5 percent next year. Earlier this month, President Trump announced yet another sabotage: that he will not make the $10.4 billion in risk adjustment payments, which will also increase premiums. These risk adjustment payments protect consumers by ensuring insurance companies don’t cherrypick between the healthy and the sick. It was very telling last week when the Ways and Means Committee chairman said that GOP lawmakers were exploring a possible legislative fix to restart the risk adjustment payments that President Trump abruptly suspended. The House GOP leadership knows the harm President Trump is causing. Why don’t we do something about it today? The common theme here is an administration consistently undoing key provisions in our healthcare system, putting Americans’ health at risk, increasing premiums, which fall squarely on the shoulders of our families and will add billions of dollars to our deficit. This isn’t the Affordable Care Act. This is TrumpCare. This bill is more of the same. Instead of finding solutions for the families that need it the most, this bill will add $100 billion to the deficit. We should be spending our time making positive, meaningful improvements to our existing healthcare system that ensures millions of Americans have access to affordable healthcare coverage. We should be discussing legislation that puts downward pressure on premiums so families don’t have to worry year after year if they will be able to afford healthcare coverage. We should be helping to stabilize the marketplace so consumers can choose from a variety of options that meet their unique family needs. Instead, today, we are, sadly, wasting time discussing a bill that fails to address the concerns of millions of Americans. I am proud to be from California, a State that stands up for their residents to ensure that they have access to healthcare coverage. In fact, California’s comprehensive outreach and marketing program was credited with lowering premiums by 6 to 8 percent—real money. California is proof that effective advertising and outreach can increase enrollment, expand coverage, stabilize risk pools, and lower premiums. But this administration—and through inaction, this Congress—is driving up healthcare prices for every American, including Californians. So we will vote today on this bill, and it will probably pass, and then it will die in the Senate. And while we send the Senate more legislation that they will never take up, Americans will continue to suffer. Like I said, this isn’t a bad bill, but it only benefits 6 percent of Americans—6 percent, not the 14 percent who lack healthcare insurance at all. We must do more. We must help those who are falling further and further behind while this Congress buries us in debt. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to draw attention to an opinion article in today’s Wall Street Journal. The title of the article is ‘‘TrumpCare Beats ObamaCare,’’ July 23, 2018, penned by James Freeman. ‘‘By prioritizing economic growth and reducing the tax and regulatory burdens on U.S. business, Mr. Trump has helped to create an economy with more job openings than ever before. As if by magic, the invisible hand of a freer marketplace is now generating new benefits as employers compete to fill all those open positions.’’ b1330 ‘‘For the first time in 6 years, the share of U.S. workers offered health insurance through their employer has risen, a sign a tighter labor market is prompting businesses to offer more generous benefits. . . .’’ ‘‘The Trump plan is repairing at least some of the damage caused by ObamaCare. Notes the Journal: ‘‘Among all privatesector workers offered medical benefits, 72 percent opted to take them,’’ which is up from the 17 percent in 2010 when it began to decline. Again, Mr. Speaker, this is to point out that this is all occurring without a new government program. This is because of the strength of the economy. This is what happens when you put the focus on creating good jobs for American workers. This is the benefit that results. I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative RUIZ’s legislation, H.R. 6479, which will ban junk insurance plans. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, premiums are skyrocketing across the country, caused by this administration’s sabotage of the Affordable Care Act. Just listen to the insurance company CEOs who are directly stating that not funding costsharing reductions for point of care for patients who are struggling to pay their bills will increase premiums. And also, by not outreaching to more people and lowrisk individuals to come into the insurance pool, they are also increasing the premiums for everybody else. But rather than making healthcare more affordable for all middle class families, this Congress is focusing on making healthcare more affordable for the wealthy few. Instead of protecting the 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions, this Congress is sitting idly by as this administration once again allows insurance companies to sell junk plans that don’t even cover basic healthcare services. 
At a time when we should be stabilizing premiums by supporting riskadjustment transfers and ACA enrollment outreach, the majority is refusing to act, simply ignoring the anticipated 18 percent increase in premiums for hardworking Americans throughout our country because, rather than help the American people, the majority would rather sabotage the Affordable Care Act for their own political gain. This is wrong. So I offer the majority and all the Members of the House this choice: Members can support the previous question, ignore the people who will be priced out of healthcare, and ignore all the politically motivated actions by this administration to undermine access to affordable healthcare in our Nation; or Members can defeat the previous question so that we can bring up my bill, H.R. 6479, the Stop Junk Health Plans Act, which will lower costs and will ensure that Americans continue to have access to highquality, affordable health plans. It is that simple. You see, in general, there are three outofpocket or more than three out ofpocket costs; in fact, one is the premiums, two is the deductibles, three is the copays, and four is the outof pocket costs Americans will have to pay if their health insurance doesn’t cover those specific services. So only focusing on premiums is a message deception. You see, with junk plans, that will increase outofpocket costs for patients because these junk plans may offer Americans a less expensive premium; however, the deductibles will be too expensive. Also, if the majority goes after the essential health benefits and allows insurance companies not to cover things like emergency care, mental health, or prescription drugs, then they will be responsible for those outofpocket costs. Also, if the majority does not defend the protections of people with preexisting illness—and insurance companies are now able to discriminate against those with diabetes, heart conditions, asthma, et cetera—then those individuals will have to pay more overall outofpocket costs either because they were denied or because health insurance companies will be able to charge them an exorbitant amount of money. So this is why it is so important to keep patient outofpocket costs in perspective and not just focus on the political messaging tools of narrowly focusing on premiums, because someone can buy a lowcost premium health insurance, but, again, if it doesn’t cover mental health, prescription drugs, emergency care, or other forms of guaranteed coverage under the Affordable Care Act, then they are going to have to pay that completely out of pocket. If the majority doesn’t protect patients with preexisting illness, then that is 180 million people in this country who have preexisting illnesses who are going to have to pay more out of pocket. So, therefore, we must focus and stabilize the health insurance market; we must lower insurance costs by increasing enrollees into the insurance market by lowrisk individuals; we must protect essential coverage and protect people with preexisting illness; and we must lower drug prices and the cost of overall care. I urge all my colleagues to make the right choice—the only choice—that supports the American people, in this case, the outofpocket costs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an additional 30 seconds. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to defeat the previous question. I urge Members to do the right thing, to think strategically, and to think about the overall outofpocket costs. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I was serving in the United States House of Representatives when the congressional Democrats passed the Affordable Care Act. I was serving in the House of Representatives when the implementation of ObamaCare happened at the end of calendar year 2013. I have got to tell you something. The President told me I had a junk insurance plan. I was covered by a health savings account in those years. Then President Obama told me I had a junk insurance plan and that I was going to get something better. I have got to tell you something. I didn’t get something better. I went through healthcare.gov. I bought an unsubsidized ObamaCare policy, the bronze plan. I am like any other consumer. I bought on price. What is the cheapest thing I could afford? That was the bronze plan. The premium was unbelievable. It was three times what I had paid for a premium before for my socalled junk insurance which I had had for years, which had covered every medical contingency that had occurred in my family’s life for a number of years. But now I have to buy this policy that the premium was unbelievably high. But that wasn’t the worst part, Mr. Speaker. The worst part was the deductible. Now, look, I had a health savings account. I bought one as soon as the old medical savings accounts were allowed with the passage of the KennedyKassebaum bill in, I think it was, July of 1996. The rules got written the next year. People were allowed to buy medical savings accounts. I bought one. I converted to a health savings account in 2004. I thought I knew what a high deductible was. That was the whole purpose, after all, of having that medical savings account and, now, health savings account. You have a higher deductible so your premiums are going to be a little bit lower. My premium certainly wasn’t lower, but that deductible was something unlike anything I had ever seen. I went from a $3,500 deductible in my old health savings account with what then President Obama said was a junk insurance policy. I went from a $3,500 premium to a $6,800 premium for just an individual. This is not a family policy, just for an individual. Now, let me tell you something, Mr. Speaker. Someone wakes up at 3 in the morning with a kidney stone, the worst pain they have ever had in their life. They go to the emergency room basically to get a shot of morphine and an appointment with a urologist the next day and hopefully pass the darn thing. That exercise can cost in excess of $4,000. If you have a $6,800 deductible, guess what. That is all on you. Your coverage is meaningless at that point. And at the same time, you are having to pay a very expensive premium for coverage that is not there when you need it. I am not an expert on this, Mr. Speaker, but I would call that junk insurance. That is what thenPresident Obama and the Congressional Democrats brought us with the passage of the socalled Affordable Care Act. I would far rather go back to those days before. Most people don’t understand why it is they have less coverage now and it costs them more money. Yeah, they heard the argument, if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor; if you like your coverage, you can keep your coverage. They recognize that perhaps that was political hyperbole. But what they do not understand is: Why am I having to pay so much more now to get so much less? Mr. Speaker, I submit that the ability for individuals to buy health savings accounts is not junk insurance. That is coverage that people can use. That is help for right now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, in the first 12 months of this administration, 3.2 million people have lost their healthcare because of the sabotage of this administration. As a matter of fact, last year, we had the highest increase in the number of uninsured since the ACA was passed. When the ACA was passed, I was not in Congress. I was a State legislator in California, where we embraced the ACA, where we made it work for our families, and where we reached out to our constituents and asked: How can we make it better? This is not the ceiling; this is the floor. As State representatives, we felt that we had an urgency to act, to make it better and make it work for our constituents. That is what we did, and that is why the California exchange is so successful. 
But that didn’t happen in other States controlled by Republican legislators and Republican Governors. Unfortunately, they chose to do the opposite, and that has hurt their constituents. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are considering today will add another $100 billion to our national debt. That is not a small thing. When the bill comes due for this expenditure, how are we going to pay for it? What is the plan? Where is the budget? Where is the fiscal conservancy here? Will the House GOP majority then go after the least fortunate Americans by cutting Medicaid? Or maybe they will go after American seniors and cut Medicare and Social Security. These are the questions people will be asking themselves when they exercise their American civic duty this fall. Americans will have to decide: Are trillions in tax cuts for wealthy corporations worth it to me if it means that I can’t go to the doctor? That is why we have to offer real solutions, and we can start by paying for these bills today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule because we owe it to our future generations who will have to answer for our actions here today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. First off, Mr. Speaker, let me reference an article from the Investor’s Business Daily from April 10 of this year. I am quoting Investor’s Business Daily: ‘‘When the Congressional Budget Office released its updated budget forecast, everyone focused on the deficit number. But buried in the report was the Congressional Budget Office’s tacit admission that it vastly overestimated the cost of the Trump tax cuts because it didn’t account for the strong economic growth they would generate. ‘‘Among the many details in the report, the one reporters focused on was the Congressional Budget Office’s forecast that the Federal deficit would top $1 trillion in 2020. . . .’’ Most of the news accounts blame the tax cuts. I am continuing to quote here: ‘‘But there’s more to the story that the media overlooked. ‘‘First, the CBO revised its economic forecast sharply upward this year and next. ‘‘Last June, the CBO said GDP growth for 2018 would be just 2 percent. Now it figures growth will be 3.3 percent’’—this was last April, Mr. Speaker; I suspect it is probably going to be higher at the end of this quarter—‘‘a significant upward revision. It also boosted its forecast for 2019 from a meager 1.5 percent to a respectable 2.4 percent.’’ b1345 Mr. Speaker, the tax cuts are working to boost economic growth. Obviously, the story is far from completed, but the revenue generated by that increased growth is more than enough to offset the tax cuts that were passed by this body last December. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule allows the House to take another step in fixing the problems created by the Affordable Care Act and returning control of healthcare spending back to patients, where it belongs. H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2018, will allow those Americans with health savings accounts to use those accounts to pay for overthecounter medications, the practice which existed up until the Democrats took away that ability in the Affordable Care Act. This is the right thing to do. I want to thank Representative JENKINS for her leadership on this legislation and the Members who contributed to the package that is before us today. I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and support the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mrs. TORRES is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the 
previous question on House Resolution 1012 will be followed by 5minutes votes on: Adoption of House Resolution 1012, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 1011; and Adoption of House Resolution 1011, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 224, nays 184, not voting 20, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—20 
Black Blackburn Ellison Eshoo Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler Jeffries King (IA) Lipinski Long Messer Moore Noem Price (NC) Rokita Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
b1412 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present during rollcall vote No. 368 on July 24, 2018. Had I been present, on rollcall vote No. 368, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 229, noes 179, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 369] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Blackburn DiazBalart Ellison Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler King (IA) Lipinski Long Messer Moore Noem Price (NC) Rokita Ruppersberger Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 225, noes 184, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Blackburn Ellison Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler King (IA) Levin Long Messer Moore Noem Price (NC) Ratcliffe Rokita Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1201) to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1201 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Equitable Access to Care and Health Act’’ or the ‘‘EACH Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1201, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am very happy to see this bipartisan bill is getting a vote today. H.R. 1201, the EACH Act, or Equitable Access to Care and Health Act, introduced by my colleague, Mr. RODNEYDAVIS from Illinois, provides commonsense relief from ObamaCare’s mandate to purchase insurance from those who object on religious grounds. This bill extends the religious conscience exemption from ObamaCare’s individual mandate to those individuals who rely solely on a religious method of healing. Receiving medical health services, as we traditionally think of them, is inconsistent with the religious belief of Christian Scientists. This bill says that for people who choose not to use traditional healthcare or services, they are fully exempted from the Affordable Care Act’s requirement to buy insurance. For Christian Scientists, if they bought the insurance plan, they wouldn’t use it anyway. If you don’t believe in something, why should the government force you to participate. In healthcare, so many of our choices have been restricted because of the Affordable Care Act’s domino effect across the entire healthcare sector. The EACH Act takes a step in the right direction by restoring freedom for people who had to face a dire decision of either violating their conscience by purchasing ObamaCare or violating the law. This is an unfair position that the law should not put them in, and I hope we can finally resolve this by passing the EACH Act today. We must come together to help those who have been hurt by this intrusion into their lives. This bill has widespread bipartisan support. In fact, the House passed a similar bill last Congress by voice vote. Once more, passing the EACH Act will reduce the deficit by $31 million. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before, making clarifications on the existing religious exemptions for healthcare. I understand that religious groups have important healthcare concerns that must be taken seriously. I support this bill. But we should be talking about issues in healthcare that our constituents are bringing up to us every day, like skyrocketing prescription drug costs, increasing premium costs, and threats to guaranteed coverage for preexisting conditions, a direct result of efforts by my Republican colleagues. The Trump administration continues to raise costs and reduce access to affordable healthcare in its neverending effort to sabotage the Affordable Care Act. In just the last few weeks, the administration has refused to defend protections for Americans with preexisting conditions, stopped risk adjustment payments to health plans covering sicker patients, and again slashed payments to the navigators that help people access healthcare insurance. These and many other misguided efforts are raising the costs for those Americans who need healthcare coverage the most. We should be examining and responding to this growing threat to affordable care, not ignoring it. I encourage my Republican colleagues to bring to the floor bills that truly address the healthcare cost crisis that middle class Americans and seniors are facing. After all, that was their promise to our constituents. In 2015, the President promised: We’re going to terminate ObamaCare. We’re going to terminate it, it’s going to be terminated. It’s going to be replaced with something much better and something much less expensive for you and for the country. Republicans and the President have failed to present the public with a better plan, and they have failed to drive down the cost to patients. As a matter of fact, their work has driven costs up. The cumulative ACA sabotage by the Republican Congress and the administration are adding as much as 24 percent of healthcare premium increases in my home State of California. Now they should work with us to strengthen and protect existing programs so that our constituents can go to the doctor when they need to or get surgery or a drug that their lives depend on. As Members of Congress, this is our responsibility. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, the good news for my friend from California is that tomorrow he will have an opportunity to vote on bills that will lower the costs of healthcare with the health savings account agenda that is forthcoming. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH), a longstanding advocate on behalf of Christian Scientists, who has tried to bring rescue to them. b1445 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) for yielding me time, and I thank another gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) for introducing this legislation. The Equitable Access to Care and Health Act is a bill that I strongly support. It expands the religious conscience exemption in the Affordable Care Act. The bipartisan legislation has broad support in the House and in the Senate. It has passed the House by voice vote in the last two Congresses. The ACA currently provides for a religious conscience exemption, but the exemption is unduly narrow and applies only to a few faiths. This exemption should be expanded to accommodate other religions whose sincerely held religious beliefs could cause them not to purchase healthcare insurance. With the recent repeal of the individual mandate, the CBO now estimates that the bill will result in about $30 million in cost savings. I hope my colleagues will support this piece of legislation. It will help advance the cause of religious freedom. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to mention that my friend and committee member was half right in what he said about tomorrow’s vote. We will be voting on some healthcare bills tomorrow, and they are bills that will help. But they will help people that either have the money to pay for healthcare or people who are healthy, not the folks who need access to quality, affordable healthcare. I would be remiss if I didn’t point out that, contrary to this party’s position for decades, these bills aren’t paid for, and they are going to add about $70 billion worth of costs to our national debt. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROSKAM for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ), because this bill that we are talking about today is and has been rife with nothing but bipartisan support. It is issues like this that we can work together to correct. No matter what the bill is, no matter what some of the other outlying issues of implementation of certain laws that may or may not affect our constituents and how they do so, but the fact that we are trying to fix this once and for all, for many in this country, is a testament to what good happens here in a bipartisan fashion. I also want to thank the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, KEVIN BRADY , my good friend, for his continued leadership on this issue and helping to make sure this bill comes back to the floor. This Congress has an opportunity to continue the bipartisanship I just talked about and promote religious liberty and fairness by passing the EACH Act, because the EACH Act modestly expands the religious conscience exemptions under the Affordable Care Act to include individuals who rely solely on religious methods of healing. The current religious conscience exemption under the Affordable Care Act exclusively applies to only a few select faiths. As a result, some Americans, including Christian Scientists, are required to purchase medical health insurance that does not cover the healthcare of their religious practice and choice. They are, therefore, forced with the choice of violating their conscience by purchasing traditional health insurance or violating the law by not complying with any individual mandate. Under the EACH Act, applicants must attest annually that they are a member of a religious group, that they rely solely on a religious method of healing, and that they have not received medical health services during the preceding taxable year. This is a very important point, Mr. Speaker. Additionally, with the help of input from the American Academy of Pediatrics, the bill makes it clear that the legislation does not preempt any State laws requiring the provision of medical treatment for children. Further, if a parent needs to provide a necessary medical service to a child, doing so would not invalidate the individual’s exemption. The EACH Act, again, is truly an example of bipartisan legislation with input from stakeholders that actually made it better. I am proud to have worked with my friend and colleague, Mr. KEATING , on moving this legislation forward. He knows this issue well. His home State of Massachusetts established a similar religious conscience exemption in State law more than 10 years ago. I also represent Principia College, a college for Christian Scientists in Elsah, Illinois, one that we have a few graduates of right here in Congress, including the last speaker, Mr. LAMAR  SMITH. While working on this bill, I have heard from both students and professors from Principia on the importance of passing this legislation and what it would mean to their lives. One such student wrote: ‘‘I feel religious liberty is such a vital part of the American exceptionalism that permeates worldly thought, and the passing of this bill will only contribute to the commitment of our government to preserve that right. My family has paid excessive amounts for healthcare, among other expenses, that we do not use due to our reliance on the Christian Science healing for prayer. I do not believe Christian Scientists should feel that they are being punished in some way for expressing their First Amendment right.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand up here today for their First Amendment right. This legislation is about as straightforward as it gets. It is broadly bipartisan, promotes religious liberty and fairness, and it also saves the taxpayers money. The Congressional Budget Office estimated passing the EACH Act would save taxpayers an additional $31 million, if signed into law. The EACH Act passed this House in both the 113th and 114th Congresses, but, unfortunately, it was held up in the Senate. It is time that Congress finally passes the EACH Act out of both Chambers and sends it to the President’s desk for his signature. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Does the gentleman from Illinois have further speakers? Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I yield myself the balance of my time, and I thank the sponsors for their work on this bill. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. We hold conscience in this House tenderly. Our Founders were wise. In the First Amendment to the Bill of Rights, the first freedom that they articulated was our freedom to worship. What you are hearing today is a bipartisan consensus that we value that, and we recognize the power of conscience, the power of religious liberty, the power of being able to worship as one pleases. That is something that Mr. DAVIS from Illinois is advocating today, Mr. THOMPSON is supporting as well, along with the longstanding work of Mr. SMITH from Texas. Passing this bill will give those who object to health insurance on religious grounds the ability to opt out of the system that they don’t want to participate in, in its entirety. They won’t have to face a choice between violating their belief and violating the law anymore. I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1201, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIVE AMERICAN HEALTH SAVINGS IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1476) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit individuals eligible for Indian Health Service assistance to qualify for health savings accounts, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1476 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Native American Health Savings Improvement Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1476, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to stand before you today as we consider H.R. 1476, the Native American Health Savings Improvement Act, a bipartisan bill introduced by Mr. MOOLENAAR of Michigan, that makes commonsense improvements to current rules surrounding health savings accounts and those who get care through the Indian Health Service. Generally, anyone covered solely by a highdeductible health plan that meets certain requirements is allowed to make taxfree contributions to a health savings account. But for certain individuals who receive care through the Indian Health Service, this isn’t the case. Under IRS guidance, an individual who has received medical services at an Indian Health Service facility at any time during the previous 3 months is ineligible to make contributions to an HSA. This practice could discourage those who rely on care delivered at an Indian Health Service facility from participating in an HSA. This should be fixed so that these enrollees can avail themselves to the benefits of Health Savings Accounts. Highdeductible health plans and health savings accounts are critical components of consumerdriven healthcare. Together, they empower individuals and families to shop around. They unleash the power of choice and competition that are so badly needed in healthcare to lower costs and improve quality today. These are the elements we need to encourage in the system, if we are going to start bending the cost curve in the right direction, and if we want to lower barriers to these types of accounts and encourage individuals who are otherwise eligible not to forgo treatment at an Indian Health Service facility simply because of confusion over when they might be able to resume contributing to their HSA. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before. It allows individuals eligible for Indian Health Service, or IHS, to participate in a health savings account if they are enrolled in a high deductible health plan. I support this bill. We should be talking about issues in healthcare that strengthen our healthcare system for all Americans while addressing the issues in the Indian Health Service program, and there should be no exception to that today. Given the important role IHS plays providing primary care to our Native American population, we should be working to ensure that all participants in IHS have access to highquality care. Reports of underfunding and resulting substandard care need to be addressed, so we make sure that all individuals that this healthcare program serves benefit from the congressional action that we take, not just those who happen to have the money to put in an HSA, to pay for an HSA. We shouldn’t overlook the important role Medicare and Medicaid play in providing healthcare to these populations. Thousands of IHS beneficiaries are also enrolled in Medicare, Medicaid, or some combination of both. Republicans are looking to dramatically cut and undermine these critical programs. Offering IHS enrollees a savings account won’t make up for damage inflicted by the cuts to Medicaid or Medicare. Instead, we should strengthen both of these programs and coordinate care with IHS to make sure individuals are getting the best care possible. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ). Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to thank Chairman BRADY  of the House Committee on Ways and Means for his leadership of the committee, and also Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. THOMPSON for their support here on the floor today. I also want to thank Congressman RAULRUIZfor cosponsoring this legislation and making it bipartisan. This legislation before us today, H.R. 1476, will improve access to health savings accounts for Native Americans who choose to receive care at Indian Health Service facilities by ending an unnecessary penalty against them. Mr. Speaker, if you or I were to use a health savings account, we would be able to immediately make a contribution to it the day after you receive care at a doctor’s office. There is no prohibition on making those contributions. However, right now, Native Americans across the country, including my constituents, cannot do the same thing if they receive treatment from a doctor at the Indian Health Service. Instead, they are prohibited from immediately saving the money they earned and must wait for 3 months before they can make another contribution into the personal account they use to provide for their health and that of their family. This makes no sense. Instead, this commonsense legislation eliminates the problem. If this bill becomes law, Native Americans will no longer have to wait 3 months. They will be able to receive treatment from Indian Health Service doctors near them and save money in their HSAs whenever they want. This is a bipartisan, patientcentered solution to a governmentcreated problem. b1500 It will benefit the Saginaw Chippewas in my district as well as Tribes throughout Michigan and across the country. It will help those who work hard to save money and take care of their families. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their support of this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, and I want to give a particular shoutout to Congressman RAUL RUIZ, also Dr. R UIZwhen he is not in Congress, for his cosponsorship of this bill and all the hard work that he has put into this effort. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to cast an ‘‘aye’’ vote for this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, about 22 million Americans are covered by high deductible health plans with an HSA. These are options that are increasingly popular across the spectrum because they lower premiums and they are a vehicle to save for other healthcare expenses. I think this is a good bill. It has been well articulated this afternoon, particularly by the bill’s sponsor and by Mr. THOMPSON , and I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1476, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WATER AND AGRICULTURE TAX REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 519) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to facilitate water leasing and water transfers to promote conservation and efficiency, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 519 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 519, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 519, which would provide taxexempt mutual irrigation companies with more flexibility in respect to funding their operations, maintenance, and improvement of their water infrastructure, especially in droughtstricken areas. Taxexempt mutual ditch or irrigation companies are important to rural communities and to agriculture. These companies allow farmers, ranchers, and others, including water users and even some urban water users, to collaborate and pool resources to install and maintain vital infrastructure for the delivery of water. To maintain their taxexempt status, however, mutual ditch or irrigation companies must satisfy Tax Code requirements that the bulk of their income, which is used to fund operations and capital improvements, must be from the shareholders of these irrigation and water delivery districts. H.R. 519 allows these companies to receive other sources of income and still maintain their taxexempt status. The bill provides that, for the income from other sources to receive this preferential tax treatment, it generally must be used for operations and maintenance to ensure that these funds will be reinvested in irrigation infrastructure systems. This bill would provide mutual irrigation companies with more flexibility with respect to funding their operations and maintaining improvements to their water infrastructure, especially in the droughtstricken areas, and it will facilitate more efficient water allocation in support of these rural economies. This bill also clarifies that governance matters in regard to these mutual ditch or irrigation companies may be arranged as permitted under the State laws. This bill supports local economies, promotes more efficient use of water, helps farmers and ranchers in many arid areas, and actually is just much fairer in how these resources are maintained and the ability to maintain these districts under the understanding of the current Tax Code. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us will allow certain entities to retain their tax exemption so long as they are generally reinvesting that revenue in operations and maintenance, including capital projects. As a farmer from California, I know well how critical water infrastructure improvements are to small irrigation districts. This change will help irrigation districts continue to invest in droughtresilient projects instead of relying on rate increases. In States like mine, both drought stricken and reliant on irrigation districts for water deliveries, infrastructure investment is a critical tool to help us prepare for future droughts. But we must also ensure that Federal policy changes do not create unintended consequences for water users. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative BUCKand Chairman B RADY  for working with me to include guardrails in this bill that will eliminate financial incentives to transfer water among regions in a way that disadvantages agricultural enterprise, impairs water quality, or causes environmental harm. This protection against potential for abuse resulting from the policy changes in H.R. 519 should prevent undue harm to my northern California constituents. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, just sort of a quick commentary. I want to thank the gentleman from California for his input, his observations. He has been incredibly constructive and paid a lot of attention to protecting his constituents. Those of us from arid areas, we care a lot about this. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK). Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) for giving me this opportunity to speak on behalf of H.R. 519, the Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. THOMPSON for his work on this and making sure that this is, in fact, a bipartisan effort and a much better bill than it started out as. I also want to thank Chairman BRADY in the Ways and Means Committee for working with me to bring this bill to the floor. I introduced this bill last year, and Chairman BRADY has been a good partner in assisting with its passage from the committee. Mr. Speaker, farmers, ranchers, and families, businesses, sportsmen, everyone in my district relies on water for their livelihood, but in the arid prairies of the Great Plains, water is running short. Under the blistering Colorado Sun, poorly watered crops quickly become less productive and may die altogether. Farmers around my district tell me they are moving operations elsewhere because they don’t have access to water or they simply can’t afford it. Agricultural communities around the Nation will face economic crisis if farmers and ranchers cannot afford water. 
H.R. 519 is a key step towards solving this problem. It offers farmers and ranchers an affordable water supply; and in doing so, it supports not only our agricultural communities, but everyone in America who relies on farms and ranches for food. My bill seeks to help farmers by empowering them to support each other. Many farmers rely on nonprofit, memberowned cooperatives to supply their water. These mutual irrigation and ditch companies give farmers ownership in their water supply. However, current IRS regulations prohibit these nonprofits from generating more than 15 percent of their revenue from nonmember sources. If they exceed this 15 percent threshold, they lose their tax exempt status. H.R. 519 responds by removing caps on how much revenue these water companies can raise from nonmember sources, allowing them, for example, to sell water access for recreational use or raise funds through crossing fees. The only requirement is that this revenue must be reinvested in maintenance, operations, and infrastructure improvements, keeping water prices affordable for the members and upholding the nonprofit ideals of the cooperative. With this financial freedom, mutual irrigation and ditch companies can continue to play a vital role in supporting our Nation’s farmers. The bill also reforms the IRS treatment of member voting eligibility for cooperatives, protecting mutual associations that have complied with State law for years. By empowering nonprofit mutual irrigation ditch companies to raise revenue from nonmember sources, H.R. 519 will reduce the cost of water for cashstrapped farmers. Mr. Speaker, I urge the House to help our rural communities and, frankly, all of America by passing the Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsors of this bill, in particular Congressman BUCKfor his good work working with me to ensure that we were able to take care of some concerns that we had in the original drafting of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for this piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for a very quick closing. In a previous life, I was the treasurer of Maricopa County. We had 3,300 taxing districts in this county. A substantial number of those taxing districts were actually just these, irrigation and water delivery. Many of them were in the rural parts of my county, but a lot of them, you would be surprised, were actually in the suburban and even some in downtown Phoenix. I have actually had a conversation with a couple of them, one asking if they had an excess water allocation that year, could they actually sell it to the local pond, the little conservation reserve in our riverbed, and those things; and if they did so, if that amount of money exceeded 15 percent of their revenues, would they blow up their tax status. In this case, this legislation would prevent that, but they still have to use that money to constantly improve their infrastructure, therefore, I believe, being more water economical. So this is a good thing for our communities, particularly rural, particularly the uniqueness of those of us in the desert Southwest. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 519, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ENSURING INTEGRITY IN THE IRS WORKFORCE ACT OF 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3500) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service from rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3500 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Kansas. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3500, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we are taking up H.R. 3500, the bipartisan Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act. This bill seeks to provide additional safeguards within the IRS by prohibiting the agency from rehiring any individual previously employed by the IRS but removed for misconduct or terminated for cause. b1515 Before we talk more about this bill, I would like to take a moment just to thank the bill’s sponsor, Representative KRISTI NOEM from South Dakota, for her tireless work on this bill. Last Congress, a version of this bill passed the House of Representatives with overwhelming, bipartisan support. This Congress, we made some small changes to the bill to address some of my colleagues’ concerns and we hope that they will continue to support the bill in its new form. We are also encouraged to see its presence in the bipartisan Taxpayer First Act, introduced by chairman and ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee just last week. As we all know, IRS employees have access to Americans’ most sensitive information, such as our Social Security numbers, home addresses, and how much we are paid. Given the magnitude of the sensitive information that the IRS holds, hiring employees of high integrity is essential to maintaining public trust in tax administration and safeguarding taxpayer information. In 2017, work by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, or TIGTA, raised serious concerns about the IRS’s continued practice of rehiring former employees with conduct and performance issues. The inspector general concluded that the IRS does not have effective hiring policies to fully consider past employee conduct and performance issues prior to making a tentative decision to rehire them. I should note that this is the second such report that the inspector general has published. In 2014, the inspector general first alerted Congress to this 
issue, finding that the IRS was rehiring former employees with significant conduct or performance issues. So what types of conduct are we talking about here? We are talking about IRS employees who threatened their coworkers, didn’t pay their own taxes, were excessively absent, falsified employment forms, or were so deficient in their jobs that the IRS had no choice but to terminate their employment. There were also instances where employees accessed sensitive taxpayer information without authorization to do so. I think we can all agree that those are not the types of people that the IRS should be seeking to rehire. While Congress has repeatedly sought to signal to the IRS its concern on this issue through legislation such as the IRS Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998, and the IRS Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016, the IRS continues to struggle. TIGTA’s most recent findings suggest that further congressional action is needed. As a result, we have before us today a bill which will seek to guarantee that this practice does not continue. It also ensures greater integrity within the IRS’s workforce, something that I think all Members of Congress can easily support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today’s debate reminds me of the words of Will Rogers who used to say that: ‘‘The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn’t get worse every time Congress meets.’’ Although I concede that he had a point during most of the past year, hopefully, today will be an exception to the Rogers rule. That is because we are taking up H.R. 3500, a good bill that would prevent the IRS from rehiring employees who have previously been terminated due to poor conduct or performance. I want to say at the outset that I know most, if not overwhelmingly all, IRS employees tend to be ethical and diligent public servants who have, in recent years, been asked to do much more with much less. That is exactly what the American people deserve and expect from them and we all appreciate those efforts. The IRS employees collecting our Nation’s revenue enable the Federal Government to support veterans benefits, pave roads, protect the environment, fund medical research, care for needy children, and meet all of the other needs our Federal Government asks. This is an enormous task, and we need intelligent men and women of integrity in those roles who will administer our Tax Code in a fair, evenhanded, reasonable, and ethical manner. Most IRS employees meet this standard with the utmost attention to their professional responsibilities and we honor their contributions to the country. When we learn of situations that fall short of those high standards or employees who have conducted themselves dishonorably, though, it is critically important to rectify the situation swiftly. Jobs at the IRS are positions of great public trust, and last year the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration alerted us to a practice of hiring individuals who had previously violated that trust. During 15 months covering parts of 2015 and 2016, TIGTA found that the IRS hired almost 7,500 people, including 2,000 rehires. About 10 percent of the rehired employees, who were mostly seasonal workers, had been terminated or separated while under investigation for substantiated conduct or performance issues. Four of the more than 200 rehired employees failed to file their own tax returns. Four were under investigation for unauthorized access to taxpayer information. Twentyseven failed to disclose a prior termination or conviction on their applications, as required. Although these hires represent but a fraction of IRS employees overall, it is important that we rectify the situation swiftly and prevent this from happening in the future. So I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3500, and at the same time remind them that the outliers we are addressing today should not diminish our respect for the men and women at the IRS who serve the public with, I think, dignity every single day. Mr. Speaker, let me thank those Internal Revenue Service employees for their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I urge our colleagues on both sides to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would like to point out that this legislation has enjoyed wide bipartisan support in the past, and for good reason. It is a commonsense bill that will help build trust with the IRS and integrity within our tax system. I want to, again, thank my colleague from South Dakota, Representative KRISTI NOEM, for being a leader on this issue and for sponsoring this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3500, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3500, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING SOCIAL SECURITY’S SERVICE TO VICTIMS OF IDENTITY THEFT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6084) to amend title VII of the Social Security Act to provide for a single point of contact at the Social Security Administration for individuals who are victims of identity theft, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6084 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act’’. 
‘‘SECTION 714. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 6084, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here today and pleased that we are considering this bipartisan legislation that I introduced with a friend of mine from Connecticut, Ranking Member LARSON , H.R. 6084, the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. This is an issue that is important to all of us in all of our districts. As you well know, Mr. Speaker, identity theft is a crime that is growing at very alarming rates around the country. Supporting victims of identity theft is something I have long championed. As a former local prosecutor and advocate for victims, I gained a real understanding of the plight of many Americans and what they face in recovering from identity theft and from other forms of exploitation. In response, I spent a large part of my legislative career working on victim’s rights and ensuring justice. I am pleased that we are considering H.R. 6084 today. Mr. Speaker, Americans who are victims of identity theft often face an uphill battle when they contact the Social Security Administration for help. All too often, these individuals find themselves being bounced around in phone trees from recording to recording, person to person, only to start all over again with each new person with whom they speak. In many cases, an individual will speak to multiple people at the Social Security Administration by phone, only then to be told that they need to go to a field office to resolve the situation. Mr. Speaker, I just think that is wrong. These are victims of identity theft who urgently need assistance from the Social Security Administration so that they can get their lives back on track. But too many of these victims are being revictimized by the Social Security Administration’s cumbersome and disorganized system. It is high time that the Social Security Administration improves its customer service to victims of identity theft. That is why I introduced H.R. 6084, the bipartisan legislation which will require the Social Security Administration to provide a single point of contact at the agency to an individual who needs to resolve a problem with the Social Security Administration because of the misuse of his or her Social Security number. This important bill will help Americans get the assistance they need from the Social Security Administration by implementing a customerfocused process. I am pleased to have the support of AARP, the National Council of Social Security Management Associations, and the Association of Mature American Citizens. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  statements of support for my bill from those groups. AARP, Washington, DC, June 21, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. Hon. RICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, House Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEMBER NEAL: On behalf of AARP’s 38 million members, we are writing in support of the H.R. 6084, the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act of 2018. The bill directs the Social Security Administration (SSA) to provide a single point of contact and a team of SSA staff to help redress any problems faced by Social Security ID theft victims. AARP is strongly committed to protecting consumers from identity theft and supports your efforts to improve the assistance offered to individuals whose Social Security number has been compromised. An individual’s Social Security number is critical financial information and integral to everyone’s personal identity. The range of fraud that can be committed when an individual’s Social Security number has been compromised is truly staggering, and the time and effort required to reassert one’s financial identity can be daunting. Streamlining and simplifying the assistance that the SSA offers an identity theft victim will be welcomed by individuals who are caught in an often overwhelming situation. We look forward to continuing to work with you to promote the integrity of the Social Security program, and to protect the identities of American workers and their families. Sincerely, JOYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. 
AMAC, June 18, 2018. Hon. MIKEBISHOP , 8th Congressional District, Michigan, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP : On behalf of the 1.3 million members of AMAC, the Association of Mature American Citizens, I am writing in support of H.R. 6084, the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. This important piece of legislation will make it easier for seniors to track the status of their identity theft claims at the Social Security Administration (SSA). By establishing a single point of contact for an identity theft case, H.R. 6084 is a smart, seniorfocused solution to a growing problem. Every year, millions of Americans, and particularly seniors, fall victim to identity theft. While being victimized is bad enough, the process of restoring financial security and recovering peace of mind can be a long, arduous, and convoluted process. For seniors, these problems are particularly acute as they primarily work with SSA—one of the nation’s largest federal bureaucracies—to restore their financial security. H.R. 6084 seeks to improve customer service to identity theft victims in a way that is both smart and practical. Under this proposal, when an identity theft victim requests a new Social Security number, they will be assigned a single point of contact at SSA to manage their case until it is resolved. For seniors, this will prove invaluable as they will no longer have to navigate SSA’s massive federal structure to resolve their identity theft case. Seniors can have a singular, reliable, and approachable case manager who can answer their questions, monitor the status of their claim, and help seniors in need of assistance. As an organization committed to representing mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is dedicated to ensuring senior citizens’ interests are protected. We applaud Congressman Bishop for his practical and timely solution to help identity theft victims in their most vulnerable time. AMAC is pleased to offer our organization’s full support to the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. Sincerely, DANWEBER , President and Founder of AMAC. 
NATIONAL COUNCIL OF SOCIAL SECURITY MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATIONS , INC., Arlington, VA, July 16, 2018. Hon. MIKEBISHOP , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. SAMJOHNSON , Chairman, House of Representatives, Subcommittee on Social Security, Washington, DC. Hon. JOHNB. L ARSON , Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Subcommittee on Social Security, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP , C HAIRMAN  JOHNSON AND RANKING MEMBER LARSON : On behalf of the National Council of Social Security Management Associations (NCSSMA) and our members throughout the nation, I would like to thank you for your introduction and original cosponsorship of H.R. 6084, the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. We very much appreciate your leadership on this important legislation to ensure a measure that will not only benefit and protect the American public, but also ease the administrative burden on the hardworking employees of the Social Security Administration (SSA) by establishing a single point of contact for an identity theft case. H.R. 6084 is a commonsense solution to a growing problem. NCSSMA is pleased to support H.R. 6084 as it reinforces NCSSMA’s own efforts and initiatives to provide the best service to the American people, through the effective and efficient administration of SSA’s programs. Millions of Americans fall victim to identity theft every year. We believe this legislation will help identity theft victims work with a single point of contact at SSA to assist in resolving their identity theft case. As an organization that is committed to improving management and program administration in SSA while advocating for an agency that remains customer focused with an emphasis on excellent public service, we commend you for your practical and timely solution to help identity theft victims. NCSSMA is pleased to offer our organization’s support to the Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act. Thank you again for your leadership. Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or if we can provide additional assistance. Sincerely, CHRISTOPHER DETZLER , NCSSMA President. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6084, which will provide needed assistance to victims of identity theft. The Committee on Ways and Means has been engaged for some time on the issue of identity theft. In particular, we are stewards of the Social Security 
number which is a target for identity thieves because it is the key to unlocking a stolen identity. Identity theft is a growing problem and online hacking has led to major security breaches in both government, and extensively in the private sector. Americans of all ages, even children, are vulnerable to having their identity stolen. This can wreak havoc in people’s lives. One thing we can do, which we are doing today, is to make sure that individuals can get the assistance they need from the Social Security Administration, SSA, when identity theft has caused problems with their benefits, or if their number has been severely compromised. For example, fraudsters have been able to steal a Social Security number and use it to file a fraudulent benefit application or to file a false tax return and claim a refund. For some individuals, the theft of their identity creates such damage that they are forced to request a new Social Security number. Right now, identity theft victims trying to resolve an issue related to the misuse of their Social Security numbers may have to contact SSA multiple times, speaking to several different people, before the issue can be fully resolved. This legislation provides individuals with a single point of contact in the Social Security Administration that will be responsible for resolving all Social Securityrelated issues in connection with a theft. This unit will be accountable to identity theft victims until completion, and will track the individual’s case and coordinate with other units to resolve all of these issues as quickly as possible. I certainly support this legislation, which was reported out of the Ways and Means Committee by a unanimous vote. I urge support for H.R. 6084, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ), one of the great leaders of this body. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friends, Representative BISHOP , and Ranking Member LARSON , for their work on this commonsense bill. I have heard firsthand how hard it can be for victims of identity theft to work with the Social Security Administration. b1530 Recently, a man told me about his experience of someone trying to claim his benefit. First, he got a letter from Social Security telling him to call them about his claim. He hadn’t made a claim, so he called Social Security at the number they gave him, and he never heard back. Later, when he tried to file a claim of his own, he ended up having to make four separate calls. Then, Social Security told him they couldn’t help him over the phone. Because of the fraudulent claim, they said he had to go to a field office. As a result of all this hassling, he decided to just put off filing his claim. If this bill had been in place, he would have had someone in Social Security to help him. Instead, he got the runaround. Having a single point of contact at Social Security for victims of identity theft just makes sense. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsors for their hard work, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as today’s debate on this legislation has shown, victims of identity theft in this country are facing an uphill battle in getting assistance from the Social Security Administration. Simply put, the current disconnected structure at the Social Security Administration isn’t working for the American people. In response, my bill would require the Social Security Administration to assign a single point of contact at the agency to those who need to solve a problem with the Social Security Administration because of the misuse of his or her Social Security number. This simply put but important reform will bring an added level of comfort to victims of identity theft and will ensure that they are receiving the quality care that they deserve. In closing, I thank Ranking Member LARSON for assisting in this bill and joining me in offering the bill. I also thank Chairman BRADY , Ranking Member NEAL, and my fellow Ways and Means members for their support. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in supporting this important bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6084, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
IMPROVING SENIORS ACCESS TO QUALITY BENEFITS ACT Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4952) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on the effects of the inclusion of quality increases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4952 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4952, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 4952, the Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act, will allow us to take a deeper look at how the Medicare Advantage benchmark cap is affecting people across the Nation. I have been working with Mr. KINDand other Members to address this inequity that affects seniors in highquality plans across the country. The Medicare Advantage program was designed to give seniors a choice in their healthcare and utilize the private 
sector to provide better care and benefits. Medicare Advantage plans receive a capitated payment rate to cover the patient’s total cost of care. In order to encourage quality, seniors enrolled in highquality plans receive a quality bonus payment that goes directly to seniors in the form of reduced cost sharing or extra benefits. The Medicare Advantage program is very popular and has been working well for many years. In my district in western Pennsylvania, more than half of Medicare beneficiaries choose Medicare Advantage. Nationwide, Medicare Advantage enrollment has grown to 30 percent of Medicare beneficiaries. That number is even higher with 48 percent of the Hispanic and 38 percent of African American Medicare beneficiaries choosing Medicare Advantage. Unfortunately, the Affordable Care Act implemented a cap on payments to Medicare Advantage plans. This misguided benchmark cap policy has penalized approximately 5.8 million American seniors being denied important benefits like care coordination, vision, dental, and wellness programs. This issue has cost seniors in my district and across the country millions of dollars in benefits that they are entitled to. We talk often about paying for value in the Medicare program, and this policy undermines that goal. The benchmark cap is clearly a problem, and we need more information on it. The Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act requires the Secretary of HHS to analyze and report to Congress on the impact of including quality bonus payments in the Medicare Advantage benchmark cap. It also establishes a sense of Congress that this issue undermines the goal of delivering highquality care in the Medicare program. It is my understanding that the Department of Health and Human Services has limited secretarial authority to make this change on its own. I hope to work together with the Secretary on policies such as this to encourage high quality plans for seniors. Mr. Speaker, this legislation has broad support from many stakeholders, including America’s Health Insurance Plans, the Better Medicare Alliance, the Healthcare Leadership Council, Meals on Wheels America, the National Minority Quality Forum, the Alliance of Community Health Plans, and many others. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 13, 2018. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you regarding H.R. 4952, the ‘‘Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act’’ the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably reported that was also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letters regarding H.R. 4952, the ‘‘Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act,’’ H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center (ACS) Payment Transparency Act of 2018,’’ and H.R. 6311, the ‘‘To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan.’’ The Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo consideration of both bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I appreciate your assurance that by forgoing action on these bills, the Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in the bills. I also appreciate your offer of support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4952, the Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act. More than 19 million Medicare beneficiaries were enrolled in Medicare Advantage plans in 2017—that is almost onethird of all Medicare beneficiaries—and that number is growing every year. This bill would require the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report to Congress on the effect of including quality bonus payments in the benchmark cap. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, believes the benchmark payments made to Medicare Advantage plans include the bonuses Medicare Advantage plans may earn from delivering care that meets certain basic quality standards. On the other hand, plans argue that these quality bonuses should not be included in the benchmark cap. The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission has recommended, among other things, that this interaction be investigated. This bill, by requiring a study of the issue, will help Congress come to a conclusion on possible solutions. In closing, I thank the sponsors for their hard work. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 4952, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that the ACA’s benchmark cap negatively impacts more than 40 percent of counties across our country. The Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act will require the Secretary to fully evaluate the impact of including quality bonus payments under the benchmark cap on our seniors residing in these counties. This bill was brought through the committee process in a bipartisan fashion. Now on the floor, I strongly recommend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of H.R. 4952 to ensure seniors are not missing out on additional healthcare benefits or reduced cost sharing as a result of the ACA’s benchmark cap. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4952, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AMBULATORY SURGICAL CENTER PAYMENT TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6138) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for ambulatory surgical center representation during the review of hospital outpatient payment rates under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6138 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Transparency Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘ASC Payment Transparency Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6138, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, ambulatory surgery centers provide patients with high quality, sameday surgical and preventive care. H.R. 6138, the Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Transparency Act of 2018, makes two simple and straightforward ASC reforms. The bill adds an ASC representative to the advisory panel on hospital outpatient payment, which will allow ASCs proper representation and a seat at the table for future CMS payment policy changes. This bill also requires the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to disclose their criteria for inclusion or exclusion of procedures on the ASC approved list. Currently, CMS does not fully provide explanations for their decisions, leading to a lack of transparency in the process. These simple changes will continue to protect patient access to cost effective and highquality services performed in the ASC setting. I hope that this legislation marks the first of many steps in further bolstering ASC and patient access to these highquality facilities. I thank Chairman BRADY , Ranking Member NEAL, and the Ways and Means staff for working to provide transparency in this space. I also thank Mr. LARSON for his work and partnership on this important bill. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 13, 2018. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN WALDEN : I write to you regarding H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center (ACS) Payment Transparency Act of 2018’’ the Committee on Ways and Means ordered favorably reported which was also referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I ask that the Committee on Energy and Commerce waive formal consideration of the bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I acknowledge that by waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bills that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for your letters regarding H.R. 4952, the ‘‘Improving Seniors Access to Quality Benefits Act,’’ H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center (ACS) Payment Transparency Act of 2018,’’ and H.R. 6311, the ‘‘To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan.’’ The Committee on Energy and Commerce will forgo consideration of both bills so that they may proceed expeditiously to the House Floor. I appreciate your assurance that by forgoing action on these bills, the Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in the bills. I also appreciate your offer of support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee to any HouseSenate conference involving this legislation. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has passed this bill before, making clarifications on existing religious exemptions for healthcare. I understand that religious groups have important healthcare concerns that should be taken seriously. While I support this bill, we should be talking about issues in healthcare that our constituents bring up every day: skyrocketing prescription drug costs, increasing premiums, and threats to guaranteed coverage. I just wanted to make those points, never losing the opportunity. This bill is pretty simple, Mr. Speaker. Right now the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, has an advisory panel for hospital outpatient issues that is comprised of outside experts. The problem is this panel does not include representation for an ambulatory surgical center, or ASC, in its membership, despite the panel counseling on Medicare or ASC payment issues. This legislation would require the addition of someone from ASC on the advisory panel on hospital outpatient concerns. Given that Medicare pays ASCs more than $4 billion a year through the outpatient payment rule, it just makes sense that ASCs be represented on this panel. The bill requires more transparency in determining what types of surgeries are safe to perform on an outpatient basis. More than 3 million Medicare beneficiaries receive care at an ASC for cataract surgery and other surgeries. This bill makes sure that Medicare hears the voice of the ASC provider, so that millions of Medicare beneficiaries can continue to receive the outpatient care they want. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 6138, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to reiterate the small but important step we are taking here today in passing this legislation. Ambulatory surgical centers provide excellent care at lower cost to patients and taxpayers. While there is a much longer conversation that needs to happen regarding parity in reimbursement in outpatient settings, what we are doing here is simple. ASCs are an integral part of the healthcare system, and we are saying that, as stakeholders, they deserve a seat at the table when changes to payment policies are being debated and when decisions are being made by CMS on the services they are able to provide patients. We believe they should get a transparent explanation as to why those decisions were made. Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense bill. I urge all my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6138, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TRIBAL SOCIAL SECURITY FAIRNESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6124) to amend title II of the Social Security Act to authorize voluntary agreements for coverage of Indian tribal council members, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6124 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal Social Security Fairness Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6124, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support of my bill, the Tribal Social Security Fairness Act. This bipartisan bill supports our community’s Tribal leaders and their fair access to the Social Security system and the benefits they have earned by ensuring Tribal governments have the same opportunity to participate in the Social Security Program that so many others across the country rely on. It was unanimously approved by the Ways and Means Committee in late June. This bill provides a simple solution to a problem facing Tribal leaders across the country, including in my home State of Washington. In Washington State, many Tribal leaders have been paying into the Social Security system with the expectation of future benefits. However, a Social Security Administration policy ruling issued in 2006 prevented them from continuing to pay into the program and have their earnings count toward future benefits. This problem was brought to my attention a few years ago when I met with Virginia Cross. Virginia Cross is the chairwoman of the Muckleshoot Tribal Council in Washington State. After this meeting, we discovered other Tribal leaders in Washington and across the country face the same challenges, including the Snoqualmie Tribe in Washington. Hearing these examples, it just didn’t seem fair that those who wanted to pay into the system could not pay into the system. That is when my staff and I went to work to find a solution. Thanks to the dedicated advocacy of the Muckleshoot and the Snoqualmie Tribes and the leadership of fellow Washingtonians, Representatives DELBENEand K ILMER , as well as Representatives COLEand S CHWEIKERT , we were able to find a bipartisan, comprehensive solution to the problem. I would also like to thank Chairman BRADY and Ranking Member N EAL of the Ways and Means Committee and their staff for all the hard work they have put in on this most important bill. I urge my colleagues to join me today in righting this wrong so our Tribal leaders can receive the Social Security benefits they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6124, which closes a longstanding gap in Social Security coverage for members of Indian Tribal councils. Let me thank Representatives DAVE REICHERT and S UZAN DELBENEfor their good work to resolve this issue. H.R. 6124 allows Indian Tribal councils to voluntarily cover their members under Social Security in a way that is similar to how State and local governments do so today. This would allow individuals employed as members of Tribal councils to contribute to Social Security and Medicare and, therefore, earn benefit protection. I want to emphasize that the decision to participate would be voluntary. Each Tribal council will have the right to decide for itself. In addition, because there has been confusion around this issue for many years, the legislation allows Tribal council members to receive benefit credit if they have erroneously paid Social Security taxes in the past, even though they were not required to. This is only fair, and I am pleased that the legislation addresses this problem as well. Social Security and Medicare coverage are valuable protections for all Americans. I am pleased that this bipartisan legislation is moving forward, and I urge its support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. S AMJOHNSON). Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. REICHERT , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C OLE, and Mr. KILMER for introducing this commonsense bill. As chairman of the Ways and Means Social Security Subcommittee, I held a hearing last year on Social Security coverage for some State and local governments. During the hearing, we discussed how State and local governments were initially excluded from Social Security. But over time, the law was changed to provide State and local governments the choice to extend Social Security coverage to their employees. However, Tribal councils don’t have this same option. The IRS and Social Security have a rule that Tribal council members are not eligible for Social Security coverage. That isn’t right. Tribal councils should be able to participate in Social Security if they want to. The bill on the floor today fixes this by giving Tribal councils the choice. I also want to be clear that this bill does not mandate Social Security coverage. Tribes will still have the ability to make their own decision. This bill treats Tribal council members fairly when it comes to Social Security benefits and is the result of a request from several Tribal councils. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. It is a bipartisan bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I will do this really quickly. Being from Arizona, where I have, functionally, 23 Tribes, 21 or 22 reservations, it is surprising how often this becomes a subject and trying to understand how big and complex many of our Tribal communities are. We think our lives are sometimes complex. Imagine having to operate in the world of multiple layers, where you have to deal with State and local, Federal, and then Tribal politics, issues, and those things. I was visiting some of my friends on a Tribal community called AkChin. It was interesting. One of the gentleman there basically said: I am on council. I can’t participate in Social Security. But before I was on council, I managed one of the Tribal operations, and there I could participate in Social Security. I know this is sort of a glitch, but this is one of those honorable things where we step up and we create some optionality. Within that optionality, I think we respect Tribal sovereignty, and we are just doing the right thing here. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to thank the sponsors for their hard work. I urge colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6124, the Tribal Social Security Fairness Act, is a straightforward, commonsense, bipartisan bill. It ensures our Tribal leaders have access to Social Security benefits that they so deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6124, the Tribal Social Security Fairness Act. I am pleased to support this common sense, bipartisan bill that will extend a basic right to tribal leaders across the country: the ability to retire with dignity and security. Astonishing as it may seem, elected tribal leaders, including those who have already paid into Social Security, can no longer contribute to—or access the benefits of—this critical safety net program. After a lifetime of service to their communities, tribal leaders shouldn’t have to struggle to make ends meet. They deserve the same access to Social Security as every other American. This speaks to a broader problem, Mr. Speaker. As the first inhabitants of our homeland, the interests of Native Americans should be a primary consideration when federal policy makers go to work—not an afterthought. But, too often, the unique considerations of Indian Country are just that . . . an afterthought. Nevertheless, every decision we make in this body—from the Farm Bill to healthcare to tax policy—every decision we make impacts our Native American brothers and sisters. Earlier today, in the Subcommittee on Indian Affairs, we heard from the tribe whose members helped the Pilgrims survive that first winter in Plymouth. Their good will is part of the reason you and I are here today. Moving forward, it’s incumbent upon us to demonstrate the same generosity of spirit that was shown to our nation’s founders. And we can start here and now. I urge my colleagues to support this common sense legislation today, and to fully consider the implications of new policies on Indian Country in the future. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6124, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1011, I call up the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1011, the amendment printed in House Report 115–860 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 184 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill H.R. 184, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, the House will vote on H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act, which will finally repeal the medical device excise tax and eliminate a burden on patients and the companies that create and produce lifesaving medical devices for people all over the world. The medical device industry is truly an American success story, directly employing more than 400,000 people. In Minnesota alone, more than 35,000 people are employed at almost 700 companies, mostly small companies that you have never heard of. Many of them were started by a doctor or an engineer or an entrepreneur in the garage or in the backyard with an idea to improve or help save someone’s life. In fact, 80 
percent of all medical device companies have less than 50 employees, and 93 percent have less than 500 employees. The jobs they provide are good, rewarding jobs that pay aboveaverage salaries. Mr. Speaker, America is a net exporter in medical devices, one of the other reasons why it is an American success story. But back in 2013, the Affordable Care Act imposed a new 2.3 percent excise tax on all medical devices. b1600 Mr. Speaker, 2.3 percent may not sound like much, but it wasn’t a tax on profits; it was a tax on sales, on revenue. Usually the government puts an excise tax on things we want to discourage, like tobacco, alcohol, or gas guzzling automobiles. Why would we want to discourage medical innovation? Only in Washington would you impose a tax on lifesaving medical devices and then think you are going to help reduce healthcare costs. Guess what? The device tax caused the loss of over 29,000 jobs. Now, with strong bipartisan support, we have been able to eliminate this onerous tax with suspensions. The last time we suspended this tax, companies responded by hiring more engineers and more technicians and putting more money into research and development projects for these new, lifesaving technologies. But these innovators need certainty. They need predictability. And a permanent repeal is needed to especially help startup companies from where the next generation of inventions and innovation will come. Investors will hold back capital in new companies when there is a threat of an excise tax starting back up because it already takes 8 to 10 years, Mr. Speaker, for these companies to become profitable in the first place. This tax raises the bar and makes it even more difficult for them to become profitable. I have had many conversations with companies that I represent in my community about what this excise tax means to them. I remember having a conversation with a mediumsized company owner who said that without this tax they would be able to have a few more projects online, which meant they would hire two more engineers and two more technicians. Other companies to which I have spoken said they would be able to directly invest more in research and development, creating more highpaying jobs, invent better products. Ultimately, it is about helping more patients. The good news, Mr. Speaker, is there is strong recognition that we need to eliminate this tax on a bipartisan basis, because it is such bad policy. In fact, very few bills have such strong bipartisan support: 277 cosponsors. Mr. Speaker, 44 of those cosponsors are Democrats across the aisle. I pledge that I will continue working with Senator KLOBUCHAR in the Senate across the aisle, and my colleagues, to get this over the finish line, because there are very few issues that would unite an ELIZABETH WARREN and a T ED CRUZ, but this, Mr. Speaker, is one of them. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this week has been dubbed ‘‘health week’’ on the House floor. However, based on the legislation we are considering, it is hard to take that challenge seriously. The bills before us today simply don’t do very much. Instead, we should be considering measures that go to the heart of what Americans need: lower healthcare costs and highquality care. That includes lower drug costs and prescription benefits that should be extended to all members of the American family based on the following notion that we should continue to make sure that preexisting conditions remain part of the Affordable Care Act. More and more families are facing difficult healthcare decisions. All too often, it comes down to not going to an important doctor appointment or cutting pills in half or stopping the taking of prescription medicines altogether. This, coupled with other challenges Americans face at home, like retirement security, addiction issues, and education costs, will make it harder, not easier, for them to move forward. At home in western Massachusetts, I hear about how people need to make complicated decisions for their families. Congress can simplify these things by bringing bills to the floor that truly address the cost of healthcare without making consumers shoulder more of the cost and give tax benefits to the wealthy, leaving patients to ever growing medical bills. Unfortunately, I have not seen any efforts to address these growing costs in a meaningful way. Instead, our Republican colleagues continue to lead efforts to sabotage critical health programs. This has led to more uncertainty for American families. This uncertainty also impacts the marketplace and leads to premium increases and adds to the burden for American families already having trouble making ends meet. Instead of placing more anxiety on individuals facing discrimination for preexisting conditions, we should protect and strengthen already existing programs like Medicare and Medicaid. The legislation before us is another billion, billion, billions of dollars in unpaid tax cuts. This is on top of the $2.3 trillion this Congress has already passed into law, all with borrowed money. Republicans are using the deficit, which they keep making larger, to justify the deep cuts they plan to make to Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid. These bills will only intensify Republican calls for further cuts to those critical programs. American families need certainty, Mr. Speaker. What is happening to our Nation’s healthcare at the moment is anything but. It is another obstacle for families to get a leg up and ensure their children and grandchildren are safe and have opportunities well into the future. The same is true for our seniors and those working to prepare for retirement. They should be in a place knowing they can retire without anxiety and have health programs they can count on in their later years. The bills before us this day do nothing to solve problems for everyday Americans. Instead, it leaves them further behind, with increased healthcare costs, lower coverage, and certainly sacrifices the quality of care they might receive. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ), someone who represents a State that is steeped in medical technology jobs and has been a leader in championing the repeal of this tax. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota, who has been the foremost leader in the House of Representatives for a very long time to permanently repeal the medical device tax. Mr. Speaker, there are more than 7,000 medical device companies in the United States that contribute hundreds of billions of dollars to our economy every year. These companies employ over 400,000 Americans, while creating lifesaving technologies that benefit patients around the world. Many of these manufacturers are located, as my colleague said, in my home district of northeast Indiana. In fact, Warsaw, Indiana, in my district, is known as the orthopedic capital of the world. There is no doubt that this tax was incredibly destructive while it was in effect. Data from the U.S. Department of Commerce indicates that 29,000 jobs were lost in the industry between 2012 and 2015. Suspension of the tax has reduced some of the damage, but long term investments and planning are impossible without full repeal. Without permanent repeal, we will never be able to fully recover the jobs destroyed by ObamaCare, and patients will continue to be denied new, lifesaving products. The Protect Medical Innovation Act will ensure that the medical device industry does not just survive but thrives, and this commonsense and bipartisan legislation would permanently repeal the medical device tax and, thereby, remove a mindless roadblock to economic growth and patient health. I want to thank my friend again, Representative PAULSEN , for his tireless efforts on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 184. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New 
Merit Medical is also planning a $60 million R&D facility, but it is now on hold because of the tax. In Utah, with the last suspension, BD increased R&D spending from 6 percent to 6.5 percent in sales. If this tax does not get repealed, the industry is forced to start making payments. Investments will be the tradeoff, and innovation will be stifled. This means less jobs for Americans, a less competitive America in the medical device industry, and, potentially, an increase in the medical cost for our constituents so that this industry can pay for the tax. It is time to make sure that we put money back into the hands of Americans, American businesses, and out of the hands of government. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, anybody who doesn’t understand what $2.3 trillion of tax cuts and further tax cuts of this measure mean as a threat to Medicare and Social Security and Medicaid down the road, that is a shortterm view of where we are headed financially in America. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to say I represent the Golden State of California, and I am proud to say that California was the first State in the Union to implement, to accept the Affordable Care Act a number of years ago, and when we did so, we knew it was a work in progress. After all, Medicare continues to be a work in progress after 60 years. One of those areas we knew we had to change was the medical device tax. In California, there are over 1,000 medical technology companies, many of which are small to medium, that employ more than 70,000 Californians. Many of those live and work in my district, and these are goodpaying middle class jobs. The research and development of groundbreaking medical technology helps improve patient care and treatments not only for Americans, but for folks throughout the world. In recognition of the medical tax device’s negative impact on innovation and investment, Congress delayed its implementation on two separate occasions. Unfortunately, the temporary suspension of this tax is scheduled to expire at the end of this year. If reinstated, this tax will impede future investments and domestic innovation and restrain hiring and job growth. Since research and development in this area of technology takes a number of years, the uncertainty about the future of this tax will delay essential research and development and growth in many areas of the State of California. That is why repealing the medical tax device permanently will encourage economic growth and hiring in Orange County and in my area. The medical device industry represents jobs not only for the next generation, but for the next 20 to 30 years in this country. Mr. Speaker, therefore, I urge passage of H.R. 184. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for sharing his perspective from California. I think of Minnesota and California and Massachusetts and some other States that have a propensity of strong ecosystems of medical technology, and those jobs, we know, are very, very important. We want to see those continue. I just want to mention, Mr. Speaker, what we don’t want to go back to, because these are the stories we were hearing prior to our suspension, why we need to permanently repeal this tax. I remember speaking to a company in Plymouth, Minnesota. They were pretty clear. They said: Instead of 10 projects, we are only going to have 6 projects funded with this tax in place. That means too few engineers, too few technicians while that device tax was in effect. I talked to another company that was actually in Texas. They had laid off an employee that had been employed for 22 years, and then they had laid off 25 people, deferring the hiring of another 15 employees because of that tax being put in place. Another medical company in Shoreview, Minnesota, told me they had to borrow $100,000 a month from the bank just to pay the device tax because the tax was on sales and revenue, not on profits. That is a highrisk tragedy, Mr. Speaker, in order to keep these companies alive. There is a company in New York that was trying to finance a new cancer therapy using gamma radiation, and they struggled to raise the necessary funds that were necessary to complete the project because the medical device tax was discouraging investment in lifesaving innovation. And then, Mr. Speaker, I remember having a conversation with an employee, someone from my district, and he came up to me and said: Mr. PAULSEN, I have been employed at this medical device company for 21 years, a strong medical device manufacturer, but because of the tax, I have lost my job. Now his family struggled at his new job because his wages were $40,000 less than where he was before he was laid off, all because of that device tax. His vacation time was cut in half, and his healthcare costs also went up. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, but I am prepared to close. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume while we wait for one additional speaker. Mr. Speaker, let me just remind folks where we are right now. Think back to 2013, 2014 when this tax was first put in place. We heard earlier from one of our colleagues who had said: Do you know what? The medical device industry was a part of putting together the Affordable Care Act, and they agreed to this. Actually, that is a myth. It is not true. I have talked to numerous medical device manufacturers, small, medium, and large, as well as the associations, that said they had no part in agreeing to that. In fact, when this dollar amount came up as a part of the Affordable Care Act, they backed into it. There was some dollar amount assigned, and that is how he backed into a 2.3 percent excise tax. And, again, just a reminder, an excise tax is a tax on your sales and revenue, not on your profits. For companies that take 8 to 10 years to become profitable in the first place, that is a high hurdle when you are trying to attract new capital, new investors in order to take the risk that this new technology is going to be successful. You have already got to go through the FDA. You have got to go through a rigorous process, go through a gold standard, and then you have to make sure that you are going to potentially have CMS offer a reimbursement policy for your devices. So there is a whole host of, or a multitude of, risk factors that go in already when companies are thinking of starting up to actually be a part of this strong ecosystem of providing medical technology and lifesaving innovation that goes out to help our patients. The good news is, if we keep this industry strong in America, if we can repeal this tax permanently, we will not only be improving healthcare outcomes around the world; we will be keeping those jobs here. We will be keeping the headquarters here in the United States. So it is not just some of the tax reforms you pass, Mr. Speaker. It is about giving more certainty and more predictability by repealing a tax that never should have been put in place in the first place. And I think with strong bipartisan support, both on a vote today in the House and potentially once again in the Senate—I think the last time we had a vote leading up to President Obama signing a temporary suspension of the device tax, we had enough votes in the House to override a Presidential veto. That is what got the attention of the Senate. That is what got the attention of the President at that time, and we actually made it the law of the land, 2year suspension. We renewed another 2year suspension. But now is the time, Mr. Speaker, to actually make this permanent, to put ourselves in a position to make this repeal permanent, to put ourselves in a position where we can guarantee that American innovation is going to be strong and steadfast for years and decades to come. We can keep this American success story alive. We have got a host of other challenges, I know, as we look towards the medical device industry. We have a hearing going on right now on trade, 
for instance. We don’t need to do anything else with potential tariffs or quotas in different areas that put additional uncertainty on this industry, on these highpaying, highquality jobs. So this is one initial effort that we can make today on the House floor, with a strong bipartisan vote, to make sure a permanent repeal is also the law of the land. Mr. Speaker, I am looking around for my colleague from Indiana, who I think is on the way right now. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to address the reference that my friend from Minnesota offered a moment ago when he referred to the device tax as mythology. I negotiated that agreement with the industry. They asked for the following: that it be applied to foreign competition. We said yes. This was done in Speaker PELOSI ’s office with the industry. They suggested at the time that the 5 percent tax be cut to 2.3 percent. We went along with that. Even though the United States Senate had sent over a revenue package of $40 billion, we cut it by $20 billion. So that wasn’t mythology. It was the way the institution once worked, how we negotiate, go back and forth, discuss, and then come to rational conclusions that might help and acknowledge the 20 million more Americans who have coverage now under the Affordable Care Act—20 million Americans. I want to say something at this point, Mr. Speaker, if I may. In the State of Massachusetts, do you know what we are really proud of on this day? One hundred percent of the children in Massachusetts are covered with health insurance, and 97 percent of the adults in our State are covered with health insurance. It is a remarkable statistic, and it is based, in some measure, on the negotiations we had with respective industries to get this legislation over the goal line. So I know exactly what happened here, and I understand fully what negotiations mean. But we rejected the $40 billion price tag that came from the U.S. Senate, cut it in half and said to the industry: This is, we hope and expect, your share of making sure that 20 million more Americans have health insurance. That is what this issue is about: accessibility, earlier stages of prevention, getting people into health insurance earlier in life. That is precisely what we did with the Affordable Care Act. And let me just say this, if I may, as well. Let me talk about the mandate, while they are waiting for their next speaker to arrive. Here is what makes the mandate and its importance. Why should the rest of us in America pay $1,000 a year in our health insurance plans because there are those who don’t want to buy health insurance and end up in the emergency rooms of America, and they thumb their noses at us on the way out because of uncompensated care and they don’t pay the bill? So do you know what would be great, Mr. Speaker? If we all knew the day that our house was going to burn down, then—do you know what?—the day before, we would buy homeowners insurance. b1630 If we all knew the day that we were going to get in that accident, we would buy automobile insurance. But the truth is that insurance spreads risk, and we all know we don’t know when those things might occur, so we buy insurance in advance. So, today, 20 million more Americans have insurance because of what we did with the Affordable Care Act. This idea that you can continually sabotage it and take it apart piece by piece makes no sense. On this particular issue with the device revenue, I can tell you and I can state to you, under oath, Mr. Speaker, what we did to negotiate this contribution to making America’s healthcare more effective and better for all members of the American family, the understanding being that, at the end of life, if you have earlier intervention with healthcare, the end of life might be a heck of a lot more pleasant along the way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), who has been a champion of not only repealing this tax, but fighting hard for the medical device industry in her home State. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will permanently repeal the jobkilling medical device tax. Hoosiers are proud to be leaders in medical innovation with more than 300 medical device manufacturers in our State that support nearly 55,000 jobs. These are highpaying jobs, with workers in the industry earning about $50,000 per year, on average. However, after ObamaCare’s medical device tax took effect, the industry lost almost 29,000 goodpaying jobs nationwide from 2012 to 2015, according to Department of Commerce data. That is why Congress took bipartisan action in 2015 to suspend the tax for 2 years, and did so again earlier this year. But if it goes back into effect after 2019, it will impede new discoveries and stifle medical innovation while destroying good jobs. Right now, our economy is booming because of historic tax cuts and regulatory reforms, and we need to keep that momentum going. It is time to end the medical device tax once and for all. Permanently repealing this job killing tax will protect American workers and help patients access the lifesaving medical technology they need. Mr. Speaker, the medical device tax would have a devastating impact on Hoosier workers and people from across the country who depend on these products. The Protect Medical Innovation Act will boost American innovation and manufacturing, and it will encourage medical research and development that make a real difference in people’s lives. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this vital piece of legislation. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted that the gentlewoman from Indiana, my friend, just mentioned the tax cut, so let me just point this out. We have gone from a rate of 35 percent in the corporate world to 21 percent, a 14 point cut in the corporate tax rate, and we are being asked to do this on top of it. Now, Medicare purchases most of the medical devices in America—taxpayer supported. It is an earned benefit. But here is the other important part of it that I think bears some noting today. It is a terrific industry. It is not in dispute. It is an important industry in America. But when the gentlewoman says: ‘‘Well, the economy is booming because of these tax cuts,’’ a reminder, a fact, not from my Twitter account, but stated on the House floor: The American economy has been growing for 94 straight months. The idea that this all happened 500 days ago doesn’t stand up underneath the magnifying glass of critical analysis. The stock market has been going up since March of 2009. So when I look at the corporate cut— astounding, by the way—remember, President Obama said we should have a corporate rate of 28 percent and the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, a good friend of mine, a Republican, he said, no, we should have 25 percent. So what did the other side do? Let’s see, the difference between 28 and 25? Aha, it is 21. I mean, I haven’t figured that out yet. So, day after day, we roll through here with another tax cut proposal, and we watch the deficits and the debt go to $20 trillion. Whatever happened to the Republican idea of fiscal rectitude, which year after year they lectured us on? We negotiated this agreement over the device tax, Mr. Speaker, guaranteed. It was accepted by the industry. Again, we applied it to foreign competition. They would be taxed at the same rate. Medicare would remain the largest vendor, the largest purchaser of medical devices. This is a step backward on America’s healthcare plan. If they would just give the Affordable Care Act a chance to 
work, instead of these deliberate efforts day after day to sabotage it, we could move on with the business of the country. Mr. Speaker, I gladly yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, as I close, let me remind my colleague, because he had mentioned eliminating the individual mandate as a part of the tax reform that was enacted recently, according to the IRS, 79 percent of the 6.6 million people who paid the penalty in 2015 had incomes below $50,000. These are middle class people. Mr. NEAL. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. PAULSEN. I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, what did the Republican majority do to the cost subsidies for those people? Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, on the individual mandate, 6.6 million people who paid the penalty had incomes below $50,000. These are middle class people who had to pay the fine instead of buying overpriced ObamaCare coverage that they could not afford. Now, starting in 2019, they are not going to have to do that anymore. Republicans think that is a good thing. Let me close back on the bill, though, Mr. Speaker. The good news is that both Republicans and Democrats here today agree and understand that the medical device excise tax does more harm than good, and it has to be repealed. We heard testimony and speakers today on both sides of the aisle. We will have a strong, bipartisan vote to repeal this tax permanently. We have already had a suspension twice. But we need to give this industry certainty so that we can make sure that this American success story not only survives, but thrives. It is about highpaying jobs with net exports around the world. This makes sure that patients not only in the United States are going to have access to new medical technology devices, for baby boomers, seniors, and those getting up in their elder years with new devices. This is really critical for the innovation that is going to help to make sure that we are protecting patients around the world, keeping headquarters here, keeping jobs here, and improving healthcare outcomes. Today, we have an opportunity to help. It is helping those small startups that are part of the very ecosystem that has made this industry so strong in the United States that provides these jobs, and making sure that entrepreneurs, doctors, engineers, and folks who come up with an idea in the backyard or in the garage can see their idea come to fruition. So let’s remove this threat to innovation. Let’s remove this jobkilling tax once and for all. There are 277 cosponsors in the House. How many bills actually get that many cosponsors of Democrats and Republicans? Let’s continue to show the American public that what we are doing here in Washington on this issue is results oriented, is solution oriented, and we are sensitive, and we understand that. Mr. Speaker, I ask everyone to vote for the passage of H.R. 184, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1011, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069, the Fostering Stable Housing Opportunities Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
b1650 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas) at 4 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m. 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 283, nays 132, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 372] YEAS—283 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Clark (MA) Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Bass Beatty Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kihuen Kildee Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Nadler Napolitano Neal O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Smith (WA) Soto Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Blackburn Ellison Graves (MO) Hanabusa Hartzler Long Moore Noem Smith (MO) Speier Walz Yoder 
b1715 Mr. POLIS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, because I am at home recuperating from a medical procedure, I unavoidably missed the following vote on July 24. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on rollcall No. 372, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ (Passage of H.R. 184—Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017). 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent on rollcall Votes 368, 369, 370, 371 and 372. I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on all five rollcall votes. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1182) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1182 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor today to do something I do not often do, and that is: I have asked my leadership to put a bill on the floor that I do not support. I am talking about the bill that would provide for a nonreform reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program through the end of November. To make it very clear, Mr. Speaker, I believe this program needs to be reauthorized, and the House has done its work. The House passed a bill with reforms last November. Never underestimate the Senate’s capacity to do nothing. Unfortunately, the Senate has done nothing. But this is a program, Mr. Speaker, that continues to be in dire need of reform. And now, we have reauthorized it without reforms, not once, not twice, not three times, not four times, not five times, but six times since the Financial Services Committee first reported this bill out. Enough is enough. Mr. Speaker, in America, we lost 116 lives last year to flooding, with billions and billions of dollars of property loss, and, yet, we have a program unreformed that incents people to live in harm’s way. We should not be doing this, Mr. Speaker. I went and I visited with those who survived Hurricane Harvey, people that were close to your district, people whose homes had flooded three times in the last 8 years, and I heard harrowing tales of survival. And, yet, we have a program that says, you know what? We are going to help rebuild your same home in the same fashion in the same place. Hope you survive next time. That is just wrong, Mr. Speaker. And, yes, we need more mitigation money. We need better flood control projects. The House bill had more flood mitigation money than any other reform bill, but this bill before us has no reforms. Finances: This is a program that the taxpayer has subsidized so far by $40 billion. Some of the debt has been forgiven, but it runs a billionandahalf dollar deficit every single year, Mr. Speaker. It is unsustainable. The Congressional Budget Office says it, the GAO says it, the OMB says it. It is an unsustainable program. The finances do not work. And then last, but not least, Mr. Speaker, it is a government monopoly. It is a government monopoly when people could, through a competitive marketplace, actually get more affordable flood insurance. And that is just not a theory. That is happening as we speak. In the small little bit of the marketplace that is open to competition, people are saving hundreds, if not thousands of dollars in places like Pennsylvania, and in places like Florida. We had testimony in our committee. And so it is just rather disappointing that, again, we face the seventh time of not reforming a program that has no market competition, and that is fiscally unsustainable, and, yet, we continue to see premiums skyrocket in the government monopoly. Mr. Speaker, I do want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman on the other side of the aisle, Mr. BLUMENAUER from Oregon. They tried to put together a reform package with the most minimal level of reforms, and, unfortunately, it did not appear to carry the day. I suspect we will soon cast, with an overwhelming vote, a clean reauthorization, but I don’t think they are going to take it up in the Senate. Maybe I am wrong, in which case, we will have to deal with this. And I would just simply again ask, particularly for the people on my side of the aisle—I think it helps maybe once or twice a month if we ask ourselves Ronald Reagan’s eternal question: ‘‘If not us, who? If not now, when?’’ Mr. Speaker, I invite somebody to answer that question for me, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, since the National Flood Insurance Program’s multiyear authorization expired on September 30, 2017, ideological differences have led Congress to pass six shortterm extensions, and have even allowed the program to briefly lapse twice since the government shutdowns. More than 5 million families rely on the NFIP for affordable flood insurance coverage. Communities rely on the NFIP for flood maps and mitigation assistance, and small businesses rely on the NFIP to pick up the pieces when the inevitable storm hits. Yet, the longterm stability of this critical program continues to fall victim to partisan politics. Mr. Speaker, 2017 was an absolutely catastrophic year in terms of hurricanes and other national disasters. In 2017, for the first time on record, three Category 4 hurricanes made landfall in the United States, serving as painful reminders of the importance of affordable and accessible flood insurance. While Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria may be a distant memory for some, families affected by these storms are still just beginning their long road to recovery, and we continue to learn about the challenges that families in Puerto Rico face with no signs of leadership from the Trump administration. We are here today in the midst of the 2018 hurricane season with no credible plan to do anything differently from the partisan gamesmanship that has brought the NFIP to the brink of a lapse several times already this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply disappointed that Congress continues to miss opportunities to responsibly help homeowners, businesses, and renters who all need access to affordable flood insurance by taking sensible steps to stabilize flood insurance premiums, deal with the NFIP’s debt and invest in uptodate and accurate flood maps. Instead, the House has passed controversial and ideological reforms that make flood insurance more expensive, less available, and less fair, which is, obviously, going nowhere in the Senate. Given the critical importance of the NFIP to our housing market, I am pleased that we are taking the small step today of reauthorizing the program for 4 months to at least provide some level of certainty to businesses and families, but let us not be fooled into thinking that our work is done. I have led the effort for years to provide longterm reauthorizations of the NFIP that also ensure the affordability and the availability of flood insurance, and I will continue to do so when this latest shortterm extension expires in November. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am now very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding, and I really want to thank my colleague, Mr. MACARTHUR from New Jersey, for his leadership in bringing this amendment forward, which would reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program on a shortterm basis through hurricane season. Why are we here, Mr. Speaker? We are here because, first of all, the House did take strong action to pass a 5year reauthorization of NFIP that included really important reforms, reforms that I was happy to work with the chairman on to pass through the House. b1730 But, ultimately, as the bill went over to the Senate, we kept hearing story after story that the Senate was going to pass something, and then a month would go by and another month would go by, and, ultimately, the Senate still hasn’t passed anything to reauthorize this program. So it leaves us here literally days before the program expires. Mr. Speaker, we can’t play some game of chicken with the lives of millions of families that represent, by the way, all 50 States. All 50 States participate in the National Flood Insurance Program. This isn’t something that just applies to coastal communities. You have got every inland State as well that have families that rely on this program to work. Mr. Speaker, what kind of program would we like to see? I would love to see a vibrant marketplace with private sector company after private sector company that would offer options to families just like we have with car insurance or homeowners insurance. But we don’t have that today. So what we need to do is usher in reforms like the RossCastor legislation, Mr. Speaker, that I am a cosponsor of. RossCastor, by the way, was included in the House passed bill. There are other important reforms that encourage communities to get better mapping from FEMA. Some of those reforms were included in the RoyceBlumenauer legislation which, was also in the Housepassed bill. So we could talk about the reforms that are needed, and I encourage us to get those kind of reforms done. But at the midnight hour, let’s at least keep this program going for a few more months while we continue negotiating, and let’s get a longterm deal that actually has the reforms that will make this a sustainable program with private sector involvement for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ), who is the ranking member of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to support the House amendment to S. 1182, the National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act of 2018. This bill would provide a clean, 4month extension for the NFIP. Now, I do plan to vote in favor of this bill, but I do so with deep consternation that we are, yet again, passing a shortterm reauthorization. This will be the seventh shortterm extension for the NFIP in the last 10 months. This is somewhat embarrassing, or should be, to all of us. If we fail to reauthorize the program, the NFIP will not be able to issue new policies, and borrowing authority would be limited. A lapse in authorization during the height of hurricane season could have serious ramifications for communities that have already weathered last year’s severe storms. When the Financial Services Committee began to consider the NFIP reauthorization, I had advocated for a longterm reauthorization. I met with Mr. DUFFY many, many times. We discussed that a longterm reauthorization of 5 or even 10 years would provide policyholders and stakeholders with certainty. It would give industry stability, communities a chance to develop mitigation plans, and policyholders peace of mind. Affordability must remain a central component of any longterm plan to revamp the NFIP. Rates are already increasing for many policyholders, and we need to ensure that homeowners who rely on the NFIP for protection are not priced out of the program. Additionally, I have urged my colleagues to consider the forgiving of the NFIP’s debt. Though the NFIP has been selfsustaining for many years, extreme and unexpected damage following Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm Sandy left the NFIP with a $20 billion debt. Now the NFIP continues to pay over $400 million a year in interest, and this is ridiculous. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Missouri an additional 1 minute. Mr. CLEAVER. The NFIP continues to pay over $400 million a year in interest. That is money that could go towards making improvements in the program or helping enhance affordability. We need to wipe the slate clean and give the NFIP a fresh start. Lastly, enhancing mapping technology and increasing litigation resources will go a long way in improving the program and preparing communities for prevention and recovery efforts. To be sure, I am pleased that we are voting to keep the NFIP up and running for the next 4 months, but I remain concerned that we have been unable to agree on a longterm plan. I again urge my colleagues to come to the table in a bipartisan manner for a solution and for the updating of the NFIP. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), who is the chairman of our Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments Subcommittee. 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with deep hesitation in supporting another clean extension of the National Flood Insurance Program through November of this year. While I completely agree that letting this program lapse in the middle of hurricane season is deeply problematic, it is inconceivable to me that even extremely modest reforms to this troubled program are not included in this legislation. The House amendment to S. 1182 is a simple piece of legislation with a simple extension. What is notable, however, is the fact that the legislation contains none of the reforms passed by this House in a bipartisan manner in November, nor does the legislation contain any of the more modest reforms recently introduced by my colleagues from California and Oregon, Representatives ROYCE and B LUMENAUER . Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Missouri said, this will be extension number 7 in less than a year. This is even after Congress forgave that $16 billion in NFIP debt, all while fewer than 2 percent of the 5 million policies that are out there have absorbed more than $8 billion in payments. These numbers are staggering. Instead of passing clean extension after clean extension, the Senate should—no, wait a minute—the Senate must do its job and take up bipartisan reform that we passed in November. I urge my colleagues to be responsible and work toward crafting a long term reauthorization of this, a program that needs to shift towards risk based rates, increasing private sector involvement in the program, and to address repetitive loss properties, all of which will put the program on a more sustainable financial path. I grew up in a floodplain in Michigan right along Lake Michigan and the Great Lakes. This is real for those of us in west Michigan. But at the end of the day, with this legislation, a ‘‘no’’ vote is not a lack of willingness or interest to address this issue, as it may be portrayed; but, equally, a ‘‘yes’’ vote should not be acceptance of the status quo. Hopefully, by this bill moving forward, there may be action in the Senate. Frankly, at the end of the day, Members are being put in an impossible no win situation; not for us, Mr. Speaker, but for our constituents, the taxpayers, it is a nowin situation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), who is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I, too, am not enthralled with the idea of a temporary fix. My preference is a longterm remedy. While we have different reasons for being opposed to a temporary fix, the truth is we have no choice at this point. In about a week, the program will expire. I know what happens when we are, unfortunately, coping with hurricanes such as Katrina, which cost us $160 billion. I saw what happened in New Orleans, Louisiana, after Katrina. The ranking member and I were there on the ground to see how people who had been quite prosperous were now having to abandon what was their home, and they had to move to other places. The Astrodome in Houston, Texas, became the home for many thousands of people who were fleeing the aftermath of Katrina. I saw what happened after Harvey and how people were suffering and trying to go back into homes that were completely devastated. They had nowhere else to go. So we have no choice. We must reauthorize. And 4 months, while it seems like it is an inappropriate amount of time, does give us some additional time. My hope is that we will come to some conclusion that will be acceptable such that we can have a longterm extension. The Realtors are constantly calling to my attention the need for certainty in this program. It helps the economy to have certainty. My belief is we can have certainty, and we must extend. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. My belief is we must have certainty and we must extend. My belief also is this: If not us, who will extend it? If not now, when will we extend it? Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), who is the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and a very senior member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, we stand here doing what we have done, I guess, 38 times now since 1998, and that is passing an extension of the National Flood Insurance Program without the muchneeded reforms that should be in that program. This is unacceptable. Subsidized flood insurance represents what economists call a moral hazard, and let me tell you why. We tell Americans that if you buy flood insurance from Uncle Sam, no matter how many times your house floods, we will give you money to rebuild it. We haven’t worked to decrease that moral hazard through reform; rather, we have embraced and refueled it, and we make it more difficult for people to move than rebuild. We fail to encourage communities to mitigate flood risk. We continue to build in highrisk areas. The clearest sign of moral hazard is the number of repeatedly flooded properties that are rebuilt with little deference to mitigation. I will give you some examples: A $90,000 home in Missouri has been flooded, now, 34 times, at a cost of more than $600,000; A $56,000 home in Louisiana flooded more than 40 times at a cost of $430,000; A $72,000 home in Texas that flooded again last year cost taxpayers over $1 million in payouts. I came to the floor today hoping to support a bill that Mr. BLUMENAUER  and I authored that would have extended the flood program with what The Wall Street Journal called de minimis policy changes that have broad, bipartisan support, which would do something about the fact that you have got fewer than 2 percent of the 5 million policies that have absorbed more than $8 billion of the payments because we don’t have these reforms. That is not in this bill before us. Unfortunately, I oppose this can kicking exercise, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), who has long pushed for reducing flood risk in this country. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this, and I am pleased to follow my friend from California (Mr. ROYCE ). This is troubling for me, his reference here to 38 extensions without reform. I have been working on this for 20 years. This is the 41st time, and we had one back in 2004 with my friend, Doug Bereuter, where we had some small steps, but they were anticipatory of being able to make greater reforms. I am vexed that we continue to move forward and dodge some hard facts. We are subsidizing too much for people who grow complacent. I am concerned about affordability. There are things we can do to deal with affordability, but that doesn’t mean to have massive subsidization for people who don’t need it and, in fact, encourage people to be in harm’s way and, in fact, after they are flooded out, to go back, putting them in harm’s way again. There are simple, commonsense steps we can take. There were things that Mr. ROYCE and I had that are sort of the lowest common denominator. I am deeply troubled that we are going to do this again without dealing with the problems. I just want to say that it is not just financial hardship and it is not just wasting of money. Our failure to reform the Flood Insurance Program puts people at risk. Every one of these massive events shows that people will go back, trying to deal with a family member; they are dealing with their business, or they are dealing with a pet. b1745 People die because we fail to take steps to reform and make it work right. I appreciate the ranking member, the chair, Mr. DUFFY , and Mr. R OYCE . There is a path forward. This bill is not the path forward. 
I don’t want it to lapse. I don’t want disruption. But it is hard for me to sit here and vote ‘‘yes’’ for something that doesn’t do the minimum. We don’t do anybody any favors along this path. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), the chairman of our Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, the National Flood Insurance Program is critical to millions of Americans who need access to affordable flood insurance, but it is also in desperate need of reform. The current construct of the NFIP doesn’t serve anyone well. Taxpayers are left unprotected, and the program continues to offer antiquated policies and provides insufficient coverage. FEMA continues to hold a monopoly in the flood insurance space, leaving policyholders with no freedom to choose a policy that works best for them. Mr. Speaker, last year, we came together as a body and passed comprehensive NFIP reform. Unfortunately, the Senate has failed to do anything with those even modest reforms that we had in that bill. Tomorrow, we are probably going to pass another bill and kick the can down the road. We will probably do the same thing in November. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill because I think it is time to make some reforms. It is time to take a stand and do something to protect the taxpayers who are on the hook for all of what I call the mismanagement of this agency and for these continued risks to individuals who are policyholders of these policies who continue to live in dangerous areas. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), who has been a true leader on the National Flood Insurance Program. He comes with a very, very important background. He was chairman of Louisiana’s Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority. So I am pleased to have worked with him, to have talked with him, and to understand that we need him when we are working on the reforms that we will work on after we pass this bill. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this discussion needs to have a reset. It needs to have a reset because I keep hearing people sit here talking about repetitive floods and how there is a certain set of these flood victims who are costing this program all sorts of problems and money. Mr. Speaker, do you really believe people want to be flooded? Do you think people want to have everything they own underwater and have to throw it all out? Anybody who believes that has obviously never stepped foot in a flooded home, never spoken to a flood victim. Do you really think people intentionally want to build their home in a place that is going to flood so all their family heirlooms are flooded and lost? That whole concept is irrational. Mr. Speaker, the reality is that all of us want this program to be solvent. We all want to have a solution. We all want to have reforms. The things that are being pushed aren’t the reforms that are going to result in solvency. The reforms that are being pushed are strictly a defense. You don’t go out on the field and just play defense. We need to lean forward. We need to integrate some of our efforts on mitigation, some of our Corps of Engineers levee projects, some of our hazard mitigation grant program funds through FEMA, look where we can protect areas and where that is the most cost effective solution, and not tell everyone: You are out of your house, or we are going to charge you unaffordable rates. Mr. Speaker, think about this for just a minute. I represent the State of Louisiana. We drain from Montana to two Canadian provinces to New York. All that water comes and drains down through our State. It is one of the largest watersheds in the world. More water is coming to us now. So, yes, we are more vulnerable. But the people who live in these homes and businesses are innocent. Folks are trying to charge them more for something they have no control over. That is not American. That is not okay. We are in hurricane season right now, Mr. Speaker. We are in hurricane season, where we need to provide people certainty. Let’s be crystal clear on what this bill is and what it is not. A ‘‘yes’’ vote provides people certainty during hurricane season. It provides certainty to Realtors, homeowners, and homebuilders. A ‘‘no’’ vote kills the National Flood Insurance Program and leaves people with complete uncertainty and in limbo. I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for proposing this bill and for bringing it up, because this is so important. We have had 220 disasters, each costing more than $1 billion since 1980. In total, we spent approximately $1.5 trillion responding to these disasters. Mr. Speaker, there are similar programs that exist. Right now, there is PriceAnderson for nuclear power plants and TRIA for terrorism risk insurance, where the government provides a safety net. I agree that we need to reform these programs, but we need to do it in a way that does not penalize the innocent. Until we get to that point, we need to do an extension to provide certainty and to ensure we make it through hurricane season, and we have a rational debate. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ), who is also the author of the legislation for the reauthorization bill before us. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I spent about 30 years in the insurance industry. A good deal of that time, I worked on this program. I know it, I would guess, better than anyone here, and I know what it does for people. I know its weaknesses as well. Mr. Speaker, 140 million Americans live in coastal counties today. They are ordinary Americans, mostly of moderate means. I represent many of these folks in Ocean County, New Jersey. These are the victims of disasters like Sandy, and they absolutely depend upon this program. In October, the House passed a bill that I worked on and I supported, a 5 year reauthorization with modest increases in premiums, increased mitigation dollars, and instilled some accountability at FEMA. It was too much reform for some, not enough for others. But it was absolutely necessary that we do that. The Senate has totally failed to act. So, what do we do today? We hold every homeowner along the coast hostage? We cannot do that. The NFIP program has $30 billion of borrowing capacity. That drops to $1 billion if this lapses. That is a modest event in this country. How do we look the American people in the eye after a storm and say: We don’t have the money that you have been paying premiums for. How do we do that? How do we shut down the real estate market? If you can’t get a mortgage, you can’t buy a home. And you cannot get a mortgage in coastal counties without flood insurance. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an additional 30 seconds. Mr. MACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, we cannot pull the rug out from underneath the people depending on this program. I will continue to work with the committee, with our chairman, and with the Senate, which needs to get off their back sides and do something. They have done nothing on this. I will continue to work. But in the meantime, we must continue this program until the end of hurricane season. That is why I chose the date November 30 on this bill. That is the last day of hurricane season. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, whatever your reservations, support it, and we will keep working on reforms. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. PALAZZO ), continuing in this bipartisan effort to pass a clean bill. He has long been a champion of the National Flood Insurance Program. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. We are 1 week away from July 31— that is 7 days—which means the deadline to reauthorize the National Flood Insurance Program is nearing very fast. I would like to thank Mr. MAC ARTHUR for understanding the importance of avoiding a lapse in the NFIP 
program and for introducing legislation that will continue coverage for millions of policyholders. We know that flooding always has been and will continue to be the most costly natural phenomenon humanity faces. I support this amendment to extend the National Flood Insurance Program through the end of the 2018 hurricane season and urge my colleagues to do the same. Policyholders who rely on the program to insure their homes from flooding should not be caught in limbo while Congress works on coming together in a bipartisan manner to reauthorize the program. While I, along with many of my colleagues, support reform in the program, the time to enact bipartisan reforms is gone for now. We have to take immediate action. If the NFIP lapses, policyholders will not have the opportunity to renew their policies and tens of thousands of home sale closings would be negatively impacted by a program lapse. We are in the middle of the 2018 hurricane season, and a major disruption in the program will be detrimental to homeowners in every corner of the United States. It is our duty to ensure that flood insurance remains affordable and available to our constituents. Since 1968, this program has helped protect against flooding. Since its inception, the NFIP has saved the government billions of dollars. We are providing our constituents with certainty by supporting this bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to extend the NFIP through the end of the 2018 hurricane season. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Institutions Subcommittee. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House amendment to S. 1182, the National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act. This summer has been a challenging time for western Pennsylvania, where summer storms have caused devastating floods. Residents are still recovering from the damage. At the same time, the NFIP, the National Flood Insurance Program, is close to lapsing. That is because, like so many things we have done in the House, the Senate has failed to act. We know the NFIP is in need of reform. As a member of the Financial Services Committee, I applaud Chairmen HENSARLING and D UFFY for their work to craft a bipartisan bill that we have passed. Many of these reforms in this bill are bipartisan. They are noncontroversial. Pennsylvania’s own insurance commissioner, a Democratic appointee, even testified before our committee in support of the private flood insurance provisions that are essential to improving consumer choice. Unfortunately, the Senate is stalled. We should continue urging Senators to take action, in the meantime. I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this temporary extension, and I urge the Senate to get back to work. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I represent a working coastal community. Our communities in Texas District 36 were hit very, very hard by Hurricane Harvey, and our Nation’s energy security relies on those communities. Coastal energy and petrochemical refining facilities like the 150 that I represent cannot function without a steady and reliable workforce, and that workforce cannot exist without a stable housing market. I am hopeful that my House colleagues will have the wisdom to see the necessity of passing S. 1182, so that we can maintain this national security issue. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ). Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, allowing the NFIP to expire is simply not an option. It would be catastrophic on financial markets. But more importantly, for that family sitting around the table, it would be catastrophic. Chairman HENSARLING and Majority Whip SCALISE had a good reform bill, but the Senate needs to act. Until that happens, we have to reauthorize this, so that the next hurricane doesn’t have a devastating effect on the economy and families. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ). Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I have a map in my office that shows the areas of the United States that have been impacted by flood. It is virtually the entire country. This is the House of ‘‘We the People.’’ This is an easy ‘‘yes’’ vote. I urge my colleagues on my side of the aisle to try to explain to the American people how you can vote ‘‘yes’’ six times on an extension and ‘‘no’’ the seventh time. We did our job in November. We passed some comprehensive reforms to the NFIP, a 5year authorization. The Senate has failed. We serve the people. This is right for the people. I urge my colleagues to step up and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this extension. We don’t like it, but we serve the people. This bill is for the people. b1800 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of our Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance and the author of the real flood reform bill. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. This is a rich conversation. I am hearing my colleagues saying: We are almost out of time. We have to reauthorize the program. We can’t let it expire. The truth is, we have known for months that this program was going to expire. We have known. And many of us have tried to go to those who have disagreed on any kind of flood reform to craft a deal, to craft a compromise, but, lo and behold, there was no willingness to come together and find a compromise on flood reform. It was: No, no. We want to come to the very end and pretend like it is a crisis and we have to extend the program because we can’t put people in harm’s way. By the way, this program puts people in harm’s way. We know that people don’t want to flood, just like people don’t want to get in a car crash and they don’t want their house to burn. But if 2 times, 4 times, 10 times someone’s house burns, we might say: Hey, we have got a problem with that. Maybe we should look at where you are living. If someone gets in a car crash 2 times, 5 times, 10 times, 15 times, we might say: Hey, you have got a problem, maybe, with your driving. But with flood insurance, we say: Listen, you can flood 1 time, 5 times, 10 times—and guess what? You can flood 10 times, 15 times, and your premiums don’t go up at all. You are grandfathered in. When my daughter crashed our car twice, guess what happened to my premiums? They went through the roof. But with flood insurance, your premiums don’t go up. Let’s fix this program. There are commonsense reforms that we can implement. We are not asking for the bill that I introduced last year. We have said: Hey, maybe we can look at the severe repetitive loss properties, the ones that are only 3 percent of those in the NFIP but account for 25 percent of the losses. Maybe we could address those properties. Maybe we could find some little bit of reform that could make the program work better. It is $20.5 billion in debt, and we already forgave $16 billion in debt. It is under water, to use a pun. Let’s work on fixing it. Let’s help people get out of harm’s way. Reform does that, Mr. Speaker. Let’s get it done. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to hear that some of my friends on the opposite side of the aisle are going to cooperate in a reauthorization bill, taking into consideration many of the concerns. I do want you to know that I sent a letter out just July 18, Mr. Speaker, 61 
Members signed this letter for reauthorization. I want you to know that I understand that we have differences, and I understand that I am focused on affordability as one of the important aspects of any reauthorization bill. I do know that some on the other side are concerned about how many times flooding will take place where people will have to be reestablished, the homes rebuilt, repairs done, how many times. I know all of that. We know all of that. But we are here now, and we have no choice. We have got to pass this bill this evening. A clear bill that will reauthorize for 4 months, and then let’s have Mr. DUFFY have another shout out loud about how we are going to do a longterm reauthorization bill when we take up the bill after the 4 months. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. I am prepared to close, Mr. Speaker. I think I have the right to close. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, partisan gamesmanship and harmful reforms passed out of the house stalled the NFIP’s longterm reauthorization for long enough. While I would prefer a longer term reauthorization of this important program, I strongly support today’s 4month extension to provide homeowners, businesses, renters, and communities with the certainty they deserve. But make no mistake. This short term reauthorization does not absolve Congress of its responsibility to reauthorize the flood insurance program for the long term. It is past time for Congress to do its job and pass a longterm reauthorization that will ensure Americans are protected this and every hurricane season to come. Mr. Speaker, flooding is truly a humbling and equalizing force. It brings out the best of America during the worst of times, with everyone putting aside their differences to come together to help one another in our time of need. Now it is time for Congress to do the same thing. We must put partisanship and ideology aside and ensure the continued affordability and availability of coverage for millions of Americans. The longterm reauthorization of the NFIP that ensures affordable flood insurance continues to be available to communities across our country must be Congress’ priority when we return from the August recess. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, de´ja`vu all over again. This House has been here many times before. In fact, we have had 41 reauthorizations of this program, 38 with no reforms. So, a vote for S. 1182 is a vote for the status quo. And what is the status quo? The status quo is people in harm’s way who have homes that flood five, six, seven, and eight times, putting their lives in danger and burdening the taxpayer at the same time. A vote for S. 1182 is a vote to ensure that we continue to have more red ink as far as the eye can see. Mr. Speaker, $40 billion of taxpayer subsidies to the program already. A vote for S. 1182 is a vote to protect a government monopoly. The ranking member spoke about affordability. Well, the irony is, if we had market competition, we would have more affordable flood insurance, but we don’t have market competition. When is enough enough? When do we finally act? If we can vote down this, we can vote in favor of reforms, which is what we should have done in the first place. For us to do the same thing over and over again and expect a different result, we all know, Mr. Speaker, is the very definition of insanity. I have no doubt this thing will be voted ‘‘aye,’’ but it shouldn’t be, and it is a sad day for the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1182, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ALLOWING SERVICEMEMBERS TO TERMINATE THEIR CABLE, SATELLITE TELEVISION, AND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE CONTRACTS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2409) to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while deployed, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2409 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TERMINATION OF MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING AND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2409, as amended. The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, SCRA, was enacted by Congress to protect Active Duty servicemembers and members of the National Guard and Reserve from financial charges and judicial obligations that could incur due to their military service. As most Americans know, cell phone companies charge earlytermination fees if a user cancels an agreement for service with the carrier before their contract has expired. SCRA currently allows a servicemember who is ordered to move or deploy for longer than 90 days to cancel their cell phone contract without paying those fees. However, it does not explicitly protect servicemembers from having to pay earlytermination fees for cable, satellite TV, or Internet access contracts. H.R. 2409, as amended, which is sponsored by Congressman RYAN COSTELLO  of Pennsylvania, would fix this inequity. I am grateful for his efforts in this bill to acknowledge that servicemembers would be given the same type of protections for cable, satellite TV, and Internet contracts as those already in place for cell phone devices. The bill would also extend those protections to surviving spouses of servicemembers who are killed while on Active Duty. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman COSTELLO for bringing this bill forward, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2409, as amended, to allow certain servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet service contracts while deployed. This is an important part of modernizing the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act and helps it reflect the current lifestyle of servicemembers. Internet and television access have become necessities in the modern world. The SCRA is key to protecting the rights of servicemembers and allowing them to fulfill their service obligations. I would like to thank the chairman for working with the minority to match this bill to the changes we are making under H.R. 5882, as amended, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act, which we will also be voting on today. I would also like to thank the chairman for working with us on including National Guard and reservist servicemembers who are killed while on duty. Lastly, I want to recognize Mr. KILMER and Mr. M CGOVERN for working with Mr. COSTELLO to bring this important bill forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), author of the bill and former member of the Committee on Veterans Affairs. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2409, bipartisan legislation I introduced with Congressman KILMER . I want to thank Congressman KILMER  for his work with me on this bill. I also want to recognize the very stellar leadership of Chairman ROEon the VA Committee and Ranking Member TAKANO , as well as all the VA staff seated behind me and those not seated behind me, but who work every day to make that a highly performing committee here in the House. When our brave servicemembers are preparing to relocate or deploy because of Active Duty orders, they should not have to navigate costly and timeconsuming cancelation fees and policies. Under current law, protections are granted to servicemembers with military orders for certain civil agreements, including rental leases or cell phone contracts; but they cannot terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while deployed without incurring earlytermination fees. Our legislation, very simply, fixes this by updating the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to include pay TV and Internet service contracts. While some States already do provide relief for pay TV or Internet services, this legislation would update the act to enact a policy at the Federal level, ensuring servicemembers and their families receive uniform assistance no matter in which State they reside. Mr. Speaker, I would again like to thank Chairman ROEfor his support and his work to pass H.R. 2409. I would also like to thank Andrew and Erica in my office for their work on this important bill as well. Mr. Speaker, it is our responsibility to help provide peace of mind to our servicemembers and their families when they prepare to deploy, so I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ), my good friend. b1815 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill, which will allow our servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and internet contracts once they receive orders to relocate for more than 90 days. Listen, we ask a lot of our military personnel and their families. I know that because my district is home to so many veterans and ActiveDuty servicemembers. I met with these amazing, talented men and women, and they are so impressive. They step up and they sacrifice. They are constantly being asked to uproot themselves and their families across this country and all over the world, often on very short notice; and when their country calls, the members of our Armed Forces drop everything. They have our backs, and we should have their backs, too. Deployed servicemembers and their families shouldn’t have to worry about bills piling up at home when they are gone because they are locked into contracts for television and the internet. In the last few days at home with their kids and spouses, they shouldn’t have to spend a second on hold or haggling with a customer service representative. I am very proud to have worked across the aisle on this bill with Representative RYAN COSTELLO . Taking care of our military families is an issue that all Americans, regardless of party, can stand behind, and I want to express my gratitude to the chairman for his leadership on those issues and Ranking Member TAKANO and others on that committee. Listen, this bill will provide a small measure of relief to our military members and to their families. It is the least we can do. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 2409, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was thinking here, as we were listening to the testimony, when I went into the Army many, many years ago to go to Southeast Asia, there was no internet, there was no cable TV, and there were no cell phones, so it was pretty easy for me to leave then. There wasn’t much to leave. But things have changed a lot since then. I encourage all Members to support H.R. 2409, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2409, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VETERANSSPECIFIC EDUCATION FOR TOMORROW’S HEALTH PROFESSIONALS ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2787) to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a pilot program instituting a clinical observation program for premed students preparing to attend medical school, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2787 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Specific Education for Tomorrow’s Health Professionals Act’’ or the ‘‘Vet HP Act’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2787, as amended, the Veterans Specific Education for Tomorrow’s Health Professionals Act. The bill would create a pilot program to provide undergraduate students with a clinical observation experience at the Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers. The pilot would give prospective providers a window into the healthcare profession that would help inform their educational paths and careers. It would also provide them an early introduction to both the VA healthcare system and the medical conditions common among our Nation’s veterans. VA has a number of recruitment and retention challenges, one of which is an aging workforce that is increasingly retirement eligible. Given that, it is imperative that VA take every available opportunity to engage young clinicians and make a concerted effort to attract them to a career serving veterans within the VA healthcare system. This bill is sponsored by the Congresswoman from Ohio, MARCY KAPTUR, and I appreciate her efforts. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2787, as amended, the Vet MD Act. The Department of Veterans Affairs, like the Nation, is experiencing a shortage of healthcare providers. With shortages in areas like mental healthcare and medical administration, it can become increasingly difficult to maintain a facility’s efficiency and quality. That is why it is increasingly important to promote medical education and employment within VA as soon in a student’s educational career as is possible. This bill allows VA to capture students as they complete their premedical undergraduate degrees by offering them the opportunity to shadow medical professionals in VA facilities. Not only does this create a familiarity with VA among the students, but allows VA to continue to do one of the things it does best: educate the Nation’s future healthcare providers. I appreciate the hard work of my colleague, Representative KAPTUR , and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the Vet MD Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the author of this bill. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member TAKANO for his great support and for yielding me the time, and I thank Chairman ROEvery much for moving this bill through his committee. H.R. 2787, the Vet MD Act, also called the VeteransSpecific Education for Tomorrow’s Health Professionals Act, I am honored to speak on its behalf this evening. The Vet MD Act works to break down barriers and expand opportunities for healthcare professionals to get training to care for our veterans. The bill creates a 3year pilot program for pre health undergraduate students to gain clinical observation experience within at least five VA medical centers. Health schools recommend or require clinical observation hours, but there is no formal process to apply for these hours. Opportunities to shadow are limited and are based on where you go to school or whom you know; and students who attend schools outside major cities, as well as those whose families lack connections to the medical community, find it harder and harder to shadow and are disadvantaged in medical school admissions. This places an unfair burden on otherwise qualified students who come from less affluent communities or rural areas. Several years ago, two premedical undergraduate students highlighted to my team the struggles disadvantaged, minority, and other young people who lack personal connections face as they apply for medical school. So I thank Seamus Carragher and Andrew Frank for bringing this serious omission to our attention, and I thank Carrie Swope, my legislative assistant, on this important issue, for her work throughout. Through their own struggle, these students struggled to gain access to clinical observation, experience so critical in medical circles, and they realized an immense opportunity was missing. The bill prioritizes students in medically underserved areas; firstgeneration college students, of which I was one; students referred by minority serving institutions; and, of course, veterans. The Vet MD Act creates a pipeline for future physicians and medical professionals and prioritizes training for students who specialize in a health profession where there is a serious staffing shortage. This important step will help narrow the gap and ensure we are training prehealth students in careers that are in demand and necessary. I can tell you, in every hospital system I represent, there is an unmet demand. Thousands and thousands of individuals are needed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 45 seconds to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, importantly, prehealth students in the pilot will gain a deeper understanding of veterans’ specific health needs and experiences, which is critical for health professionals who treat veterans, many of whom have complex conditions, as the chair and ranking member know. One of our top responsibilities as a Congress is to ensure that our veterans, those who have sacrificed so much for our country and for liberty’s cause, receive highquality healthcare from highly trained health professionals. This bill furthers that effort, and I am pleased it will get a vote this evening. I thank my colleagues: Mr. TAKANO , for his diligent work on this bill; Ranking Member WALZ; and Chairman R OE, for bringing this bill to the floor so expeditiously. On behalf of our health professionals, our veterans, myself, and all the cosponsors, I can’t thank you enough. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I was listening to my friend from the State of Ohio, I was struck by just how the process of legislating in this body works, how ideas come from very real people seeking to solve problems through their Representative. And I watched this legislation move through committee, the gentlewoman graciously accepting the changes and approving the bill. I know that my colleague from Tennessee, a doctor himself, cares so much about medical education. We worked together on expanding the number of medical residencies. I am delighted this bill has come to the floor so expeditiously. Often, legislation takes so much time to win its way through, but an idea that was very worthy moved through and, I think, in record time. So, again, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 2787, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I, too, came from rural America, and I, too, am a firstgeneration college graduate and had an opportunity to use the public education system to go to college and medical school. After that, then mentored and taught for over 25 years in medical school, so I had a chance to see young students, and I think this is a fantastic idea. I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for bringing this forward. To bring a young person in who has never had a chance to be in that sort of environment and expose them to this, you don’t know what sort of light bulb you are going to turn on in their head to encourage them and mentor them. And many of them will become passionate about medicine, nursing, physical therapy, occupational therapy, audiology, PTSD treatment. I could go on and on. I think this is a great idea. I strongly encourage all Members to support H.R. 2787, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2787, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
INCLUDING ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION PROGRAMS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5538) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assistance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5538 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE FOR PURPOSES OF SUSPENSION OF CHARGES TO ENTITLEMENT DURING PERIODS OF SUSPENDED PARTICIPATION IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION PROGRAMS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5538. Under current law, if a member of the Guard or Reserve is called to Active Duty under certain orders while receiving training through the Department of Veterans Affairs Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment program, the charges for that training are waived. However, those charges are not waived for members of the Guard or Reserve who are called up under orders regarding emergency response or augmentation of overseas combat forces. This creates a disparity. H.R. 5538 would address that disparity and level the playing field by waiving training charges for all servicemembers, regardless of which ActiveDuty orders they are serving under. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1830 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5538, the Reserve Component Vocational Rehabilitation Parity Act. This bill protects an overlooked provision related to our National Guard and Reserve servicemembers who are mobilized under 12304b authorities. This bill allows servicemembers to pause the clock on the 12year limit to use vocational rehabilitation programs while mobilized on Active Duty orders. Currently, this is allowed for mostly mobilization authorities, but this particular authority was overlooked. Simply, the bill adds to 12304a and 12304b authorities to the 12304 provision already listed within the statute. This is an important fix because of the increased use of 12304b authority by the Department of Defense over the past few years, and the increases planned for the future. As we move the Reserve components from a strategic reserve to an operational reserve concept, it is critically important that we modernize our statutes to ensure benefits parity while servicemembers are in uniform. This is a step in the right direction. With this bill, Congress has the opportunity to be proactive, instead of reactive, to the needs of our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PETERS for bringing this issue forward and identifying a fix. He is a reliable and critical advocate for our country’s National Guard and Reserve servicemembers. I also thank Mr. BERGMAN for reaching across the aisle and joining Mr. PETERS  in introducing this bill. And I thank the cochairs of the House’s National Guard and Reserve Components Caucus, Mr. WALZ and Mr. P ALAZZO , for supporting the initiative. Lastly, I thank the six other members of our committee who were original cosponsors of the bill, including Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. B ROWNLEY , and Ms. KUSTER . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the author of this bill, and my good friend. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. TAKANO for yielding. I appreciate his commitment to improving the lives of veterans, their families, and the communities. The Reserve Component Vocational Rehabilitation Parity Act, my bill before the House today, aims to continue investing in veterans, specifically those still fighting for our Nation. Our veterans have served our country, and it is our duty to make sure they can access the resources that they have earned. Many guardsmen and reservists have realized that they didn’t qualify for all their benefits after the Department of Defense began using their new authority created to call up Reserve components for involuntary service. This new authority unintentionally excluded these reservists. Thankfully, Ranking Member WALZ and Mr. PALAZZO took the lead to fix several of these inconsistencies. We passed a few of these fixes in the Forever GI Bill last year. This week, we are also passing other bills to make sure benefits are properly extended. One unresolved issue, though, was access to vocational rehabilitation. This VA program provides access to education and critical job training that helps servicemembers and veterans develop their career plan after service. Vocational rehab helps veterans determine transferable skills that will lead to good jobs and what additional skills they need to fulfill their career goals. Upon separation, a veteran must use his or her vocational rehab benefits within 12 years. Any months or years spent deployed should not count against this time clock. Currently, two reservists serving side by side in Active Duty may not have access to the same vocational rehab benefits just because of the authority under which they have been mobilized. Additionally, reservists involuntarily called up may be leaving their family or a civilian job without notice, compared to a reservist who volunteered. In both cases, these guardsmen and reservists served honorably in missions to support combat zones. They have earned the same employment and education benefits as every other reservist throughout their service. My bill, the Reserve Component Vocational Rehabilitation Parity Act, ensures that reservists and guardsmen have access to the full 12 years of vocational rehab benefits by pausing the clock during their service. I am happy to have received the support of the National Guard Association of the United States and the Reserve Officers Association in this effort. I urge Congress to pass this bill so that all of our veterans can access the education benefits they earned. Mr. Speaker, I thank General Bergman, who joined me to introduce this bill, and seven of our committee colleagues who cosponsored the bill, as Mr. TAKANO said. I also thank Chairman ROE, a wonderful chairman; Ranking Member WALZ; and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee staff for their steadfast work to support our Nation’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their strong support of the bill, and I urge its passage. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5538, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PETERS for bringing up this muchneeded piece of legislation and correcting this inequity. It wasn’t intended, but now this Congress has a chance, in a bipartisan way, to correct this. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5538, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5538. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NAVY SEAL CHIEF PETTY OFFICER WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ MULDER (RET.) TRANSITION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (H.R. 5649) to amend titles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Security Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, Labor, and Homeland Security, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to take certain actions to improve transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who separate, retire, or are discharged from the Armed Forces, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5649 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘Bill’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
32, 33, 34, or 35 of this title by reason of a payment under this subsection.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5649, as amended, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvements Act of 2018. One of the most important things our government can do to help our Nation’s servicemembers is to ensure that their transition from military to civilian life is as smooth and seamless as possible. We all know that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, and I know that so many of the problems that veterans encounter later in life could have been mitigated if they had a more supportive and successful transition. I know that the goal of this bill, and of provisions that are aimed at improving the transition period in the House version of the National Defense Authorization Act, are to help servicemembers have as smooth a transition as possible to civilian life. I will allow Congressman JODEY  ARRINGTON of Texas, who is the sponsor of this bill, to go into the specifics of it in a moment. But before I do, I want to thank him, Congressman BETO O’ROURKE of Texas, and all of the members of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity for taking the time earlier this session to sit down with stakeholders and really examine the transition process from the very beginning and look at the need for improvements. While this bill is a culmination of bipartisan review and work, it is only a step in the process to ensure a successful transition for all servicemembers. I know we will remain dedicated to making improvements to this process to reach this goal. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY for helping to expedite the consideration of the bill today, and I thank Congressman ARRINGTON for his work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 16, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, House Ways and Means Committee, Washington, DC. DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On July 12, 2018, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs ordered reported H.R. 5649, as amended, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018. The bill was referred to the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee with additional referrals to the House Ways and Means Committee and the House Armed Services Committee. Based on our previous consultation, we intend to request H.R. 5649, as amended, be scheduled for floor consideration. To expedite floor consideration, I ask that you forego further consideration of H.R. 5649, as amended. This in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the House Ways and Means Committee represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on H.R. 5649, as amended, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, DAVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, July 17, 2018. Hon. DAVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN ROE: Thank you for your July 16, 2018 letter regarding H.R. 5649, the ‘‘Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvement Act of 2018’’ which was ordered favorably reported to the House on July 12, 2018. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 5649 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill so that it may move expeditiously to the floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such request. Finally, would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5649. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5649, as amended, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvements Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee chairman, Mr. ARRINGTON , and ranking member, Mr. O’ROURKE , for their bipartisan focus on this issue and the bipartisan way they have crafted this piece of legislation and have moved it forward. This bill was generated out of feedback from our veteran service organization partners, rigorous oversight, and many, many hearings. It includes a number of curriculum changes, expansion of services, as well as first steps to making TAP a part of a larger transition effort. It also includes Ms. BROWNLEY ’s Reduce Unemployment for Veterans of All Ages Act, which eliminates the period of eligibility for vocational rehabilitation services. Currently, veterans have only 12 years after their military service to utilize vocational rehabilitation services. This removes that deadline and allows anyone who qualifies for vocational rehabilitation to access those services in perpetuity. It also includes Mr. POE’s Veterans Education Disaster Act that provides continued educational assistance to students impacted by natural disasters. This is similar to the benefits that are provided for veterans whose schools suddenly close their doors, in order to ensure that veterans are not struggling while they seek to restart their education. This would also allow veterans to continue collecting their housing benefits even though their schools closed from natural disasters, and allow them to stop and restart their tuition benefits once their schools reopen. We also pay for this bill by closing a loophole in flight school costs, while also making modifications to law that allows for the unique nature of flight schools. All of these provisions have been crafted to fix issues we have seen in the field, and they will make life a little bit easier for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. A RRINGTON for these necessary improvements to the Transition Assistance Program. A testament to their work is the broad support they have received from committee members for this bill, including Ms. KUSTER , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. E STY. I look forward to their future work on this as they continue to focus on and refine the program. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ), chairman of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and my good friend. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I can’t thank the chairman enough for the opportunity to serve with him, Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . I am looking out and seeing colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have worked in a bipartisan way to solve problems so that we can better serve our veterans. I have to say, it has to be the most productive bipartisan committee in all of the United States Congress, and that is refreshing. And there is no worthier customer to serve than those who wore the uniform, those who sacrificed their today so that we could have our tomorrow. 
I think it is notable to remind my colleagues of the work under his leadership to produce more than 70 pieces of reform legislation. Seventy bills that have passed the House of Representatives is no small task. More than 20 bills have become law of the land. Again, I thank Mr. TAKANO for his leadership, Mr. WALZ, and my friends on the other side of the aisle. This is truly a bipartisan committee and effort altogether. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 5649. It is really not my bill; it is our bill. It is the bill of the committee, and it is the bill of the Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity. This is a bill that was amended as the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder (Ret.) Transition Improvements Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, again, there is no greater honor for me than to serve the men and women who served our country with honor and distinction. I am pleased to be here today to debate the legislation I introduced, which I believe will significantly improve the lives of our servicemen and women who are in transition from Active Duty to civilian life. When our soldiers come home from war, it doesn’t mean that the conflict necessarily is over for them. There is often a battle that continues to rage on inside of them. I think that is a big reason that we see, unfortunately, 20 veterans commit suicide every day in this country. One of those veterans was my good friend and fellow Plainview Bulldog, Bill Mulder, after whom this bill was named. I am so proud that this is named after Bill, and I am grateful to Sydney and their family for allowing us to do so. b1845 Bill was a true American hero who served his country with honor and distinction. However, again, like many of our veterans, Bill returned home from service with an internal struggle, with scars that you couldn’t see with the naked eye, and he was working through his transition to civilian life after 20 years as a combat Navy SEAL. That is tough. I can’t imagine, to think about redefining your purpose and your mission after 20 years of fighting for our freedom in combat as a Navy SEAL. Our country makes a tremendous investment, as Chairman ROEsaid, in preparing our citizens to be freedom fighters, to be part of the greatest fighting machine in the world, but we only invest a fraction of that helping soldiers in their transition back to civilian life. I have often said, like the gentleman has stated, that an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of cure. And if we do a better job on the front end in their transition, and especially identifying the highestrisk individuals, I think that we can reduce the number of veterans who struggle with unemployment, with homelessness, suicide, et cetera. This bill is the result, again, of Mr. TAKANO , Mr. O’R OURKE , my ranking member, my friend and fellow Texan, and it will make the following improvements: It will improve in the sense that we will engage our Active Duty personnel earlier in the process. We will have a more comprehensive assessment, including mental health. We will customize support for them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 1 minute. Mr. ARRINGTON. It will not just be a onesizefitsall, I think, like we have seen in the past. We will also connect them back to community organizations and we will track and we will measure the success and the outcomes so we will know what is working, where we can continue to make those investments. Again, I want to thank my friend and fellow Texan, Mr. O’ROURKE , for working with me on this package, and Chairman ROE, and Mr. W ALZfor helping bring this forward and to a vote here on the House floor. I am proud to say that this bill is fully offset. It is budget neutral, and I believe it will have a positive impact; in fact, I pray it will actually save lives of our American veterans. I urge all Members to support H.R. 5649, as amended. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The work of this subcommittee is the work of great heart, and I appreciate the heartfelt work that the chairman, Mr. ARRINGTON , has put forward. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ), my good friend, the ranking member of the Economic Opportunity Subcommittee, a gentleman with great heart for veterans. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the viceranking member of the full committee, Mr. TAKANO , for this time to speak in favor of this bill. As my colleague from Texas, and the chairman of the subcommittee pointed out, by the best estimate of the VA, which many believe is a conservative estimate, every single day in this country, 20 veterans will have taken their lives. The purpose and the function and the dignity that they found as a member of the armed services, as a contributing member of their military unit, where the decisions that they made, the actions that they took, would literally save and determine the outcomes of the lives of their fellow servicemembers, to return that level of function and purpose to their lives when they come back to this country and reintegrate within our communities, that is the purpose of this legislation. I want to thank my colleague, the chairman of the subcommittee, for his diligent work on this, by convening stakeholders, veterans service organizations, veteran student service organizations, members of the VA, the Department of Labor, other colleagues from the committee to make sure that we got this right and that we help those servicemembers transition into a life that allows them to give to their full potential once back in their home community, once back in their country. I want to make sure that we do everything we can to ensure the success of this legislation; that we follow the outcome assessments that are provided for in the legislation; that we meet the intention and the purpose that is described here, so that it is not a boxes checked at the end of a servicemember’s career, but something that is pursued with thought, so that when that servicemember reintegrates, they are ready to hit the ground running. Lastly, I want to thank the chairman of the full committee. Some will say that without Tennessee, there would be no Texas. Without Chairman ROE, there would be no H.R. 5649. The fact that you elevated this and that you spent so much of your time personally listening to these veteran service organizations and your colleagues on the committee, I think, helped to make it a much better bill than it would have been otherwise, and for that I am grateful. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), my good friend, a former member of the committee, and chair of the Subcommittee on Health, also a member of the House Armed Services Committee and the Intelligence Committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5649. As a member of the Army Reserve who served in Iraq, I know how difficult the transition to civilian life can be after service for so many of our servicemembers. I still remember the eerie feeling of the quiet and serenity of home life after returning from the battlefield. For those servicemembers who don’t have a clear cut path upon their return to civilian life, there is often a struggle for what I like to refer to as postnecessary stress. When you go from being completely necessary, part of a team, part of something big, and you come home and you don’t have that same feeling, it takes its toll on you. It is hard for many servicemembers to actually settle back into civilian life when they get back. This is what this is about. We can combat this problem by encouraging servicemembers to focus on transition earlier. Even when they first join the armed services, imagine if you were being recruited and you are talking to a recruiter about what you plan to do when you enter the military, and if they also said to you, and what do you plan to do afterwards? If we were plotting a course for your life when in uniform and after. 
So this gives us a chance to modernize our curriculum for those going through the Transition Assistance Program to ensure that the information they have is timely and specific to the servicemember. I think this legislation is an important first step to better equip servicemembers with the skills needed to successfully transition into civilian life. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. I want to thank the committee, all the members on the committee, and the staff, for pushing this along and doing such a great job of that. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY), my good friend, and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5649, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William ‘‘Bill’’ Mulder Transition Improvement Act of 2018, a bill that will improve the transition process for servicemembers returning to civilian life to a life of purpose and meaning. I want to thank my colleagues, the gentlemen from Texas, Mr. ARRINGTON  and Mr. O’ROURKE , for introducing this important bill; and for including my own bill, the Job TOOLS for Veterans Act, as a provision within this larger legislation. The Job TOOLS Act for veterans would ensure that veterans of all eras have access to transition assistance classes. The Transition Assistance Program, commonly known as TAP, was established to help current servicemembers transition to civilian life with job search and training information. Prior to the establishment of TAP, very few servicemembers received any job training assistance during their transition at all. We know that access to job training is essential to our mission of ensuring that all our servicemembers land on their feet when they return home from protecting our freedom. And given the transitions that veterans face over the years, especially in a changing economy, these job training programs are especially valuable throughout life; and that is why our bill would allow veterans, no matter when they served, to get access to this crucial assistance. Additionally, it will allow veterans from any service era access to all TAP programs and will expand the TAP program to at least 50 locations across the United States. The men and women who have admirably served our great Nation must know that we stand behind them when transitioning from military to civilian life, and that we stand behind them for life. I want to thank Chairman ROE, Ranking Member WALZ, and Vice Ranking Member TAKANO for their work in getting this important bill to the floor today, for the outstanding bipartisan work of this committee, which I am so proud to serve on, and for our excellent staff. I fully support H.R. 5649, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation, and to stand behind the veterans who will be assisted by this across the Nation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ) a former, very active member on the Veterans Affairs Committee, and a good friend. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5649, the Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer William Mulder Transition Improvement Act. In my time on the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, my colleagues and I heard from countless constituents, including Active Duty and separated servicemembers about how ineffective the Federal Government’s comprehensive Transition Assistance Program was at placing our veterans in longterm, stable employment. Under the leadership of Chairman ROE and Subcommittee Chairman ARRINGTON , the subcommittee held a number of roundtables, hearings, meetings to receive feedback from all the stakeholders. We heard from DOD, the Department of Labor, Veterans Affairs, community providers and, of course, veterans themselves. One section of this bill that I would like to highlight and thank Chairman ARRINGTON for including is section 203, which is bill language I introduced last year called the Veterans Armed for Success Act. This section makes grants available to organizations that provide servicemembers transition assistance of their knowledge, skills, and abilities to private industry through such means as re´sume´building and interview training, and it is mirrored off an organization called Operation New Uniform that does just that in my district in Florida. This group has a 97 percent success rate in placing veterans in longterm employment. As we learned through the information gathering process, a successful transition often relies on the community supporting our veterans and connecting with the resources that they need. We should help this and other similar organizations around the country use this model to help our veterans succeed. I strongly commend Chairman ROE, Chairman ARRINGTON , Ranking Member WALZ, and all the members of the committee for their incredible work on this important piece of legislation. You all, along with the committee staff and other groups that worked so hard on this, should be proud of the real world impact that this legislation will have. As I now serve as a member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, I look forward to building on this important work with my colleagues to ensure our veterans are set up to succeed. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this is a very special piece of legislation to me. I was once the ranking member of this very subcommittee, and I applaud the work of Ranking Member BETOO’ROURKE and Chairman ARRINGTON . This is a work of great heart, of great compassion, and we all know that we need to improve the transition from military service to civilian life for our servicemembers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5649, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1900 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I want to close by thanking Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. O’R OURKE for bringing this great piece of legislation to the floor. As I was listening to the debate and conversation, it sort of took me back a few years. I recall 53 years ago, when I was a college student, and I buried a very good friend of mine, who was my Scoutmaster, First Sergeant Thomas E. Thayer, who was killed in Vietnam. He won the Silver Star there. He had four children and a family at home. His life was worth, I think, $10,000. I think that is what it was worth. I thought about what it did to his family and how little our country did for our Nation’s heroes at that time, and I fastforward to what we are doing now. We are making some things right. I know Mr. ARRINGTON spoke very warmly of his friend, Chief Petty Officer Bill Mulder, a true American hero, who died. I know when I separated from the military at the end of 1974, got back from Southeast Asia, separated from the Army, there was no transition. It was basically just out the front gate you went, and no one called, checked, whatever. We are much better as a country, and we are much better now, Mr. Speaker, for what we are doing in this bill. I agree with Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. ARRINGTON . I really believe if you put these young men and women back in a job, in school, which we just passed the Forever GI Bill from this committee and the President has signed it into law, all of these things, I think, will make a huge difference in the future not only of these young people who have served our Nation so honorably, but it will also help this country, this Nation. I know, as a veteran and as a person who did not benefit from this, I certainly am more than happy to support this. I think this is a great piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank Mr. WALZ, Mr. T AKANO , and others who have helped push this through, and I again encourage all Members to support H.R. 5649, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5649, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GOLD STAR SPOUSES LEASING RELIEF ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5882) to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5882 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5882, as amended, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act. The death of a servicemember can have a profound impact on their loved ones. Our government should take every measure necessary to help family members through such a time of need. In recognition of that, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act would amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, the SCRA, to allow a spouse of a servicemember who has died due to military service to break their residential lease without penalty within 1 year of the servicemember’s death. Mr. Speaker, paying fees for breaking a lease should be the last thing on someone’s mind when they are confronting life without their spouse. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsor of this bill, Congresswoman CHERI BUSTOS of Illinois, for her commonsense solution to this problem. I also want to thank Ranking Member WALZand his staff for their suggestion to improve the bill by including in it a provision that would extend protection to surviving spouses of members of the National Guard and Reserve whose death occurred while on ActiveDuty orders. We should recognize the service of all servicemembers on ActiveDuty orders, and I am glad the amended version of this bill includes that provision. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5882, as amended, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act. Mr. Speaker, I would like to first start by thanking the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ) for drafting this bill. It would allow the spouse of a servicemember to terminate their lease after the death of the servicemember. Oftentimes, servicemembers and their families are required to move far away from home due to the needs of the service and where the servicemember is stationed. In the difficult time after the passing of a servicemember, spouses should not be stuck in a lease far away from their home and support network. This may seem like a small detail, but it is something that can make life just a little bit easier in a very trying time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for working with us on including National Guard and Reserve servicemembers who are killed while on duty. As we move the Reserve components from a Strategic Reserve to an Operational Reserve concept, we are seeing too many deaths of National Guardsmen and women and reservists while they are in uniform. It is critically important that we modernize our statutes to ensure benefits parity while servicemembers are in uniform. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), for working on this issue and Mr. WENSTRUP for joining her in introducing the bill. I would also like to thank our fellow committee members, Ms. KUSTER , Ms. B ROWNLEY , and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N, for cosponsoring this bill and raising the profile of this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ). He spoke a moment ago. He has previously served as chair of the Health Subcommittee of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act, legislation that I am proud to have introduced alongside my colleague Congresswoman BUSTOS , and I thank her for bringing this situation to my attention so that we could bring this forward. Part of our Nation’s commitment to our men and women in uniform is a commitment to their families, especially if they endure the loss of life in the line of duty. As Gold Star families grieve, they should have the freedom to relocate to fit their family’s needs. Sadly, that is all too often not the case. Cindy Southern, a native of Portsmouth, Ohio, lost her husband while he was serving in the Navy overseas during the first Desert Storm war. As she grieved, all she wanted to do was move home, but she had signed a 1year lease on a home in North Carolina. Her landlords refused to waive her lease without massive termination fees. Cindy has suffered enough. Others have as well. This legislation would protect Gold Star families by ensuring they are not trapped in a jointly held residential lease after the death of a servicemember. They have grieved enough. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), my good friend and the author of this bill. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act. This bipartisan bill would support the widows and widowers of our fallen heroes by allowing them to terminate residential leases without penalty in the wake of a servicemember’s death. This issue first came to my attention when I met a Gold Star spouse, Kylie Riney of Farmington, Illinois, which is in a central part of the congressional district that I serve. Kylie’s life was forever changed on October 19, 2016, when her husband, Sergeant Douglas Riney, tragically died defending our freedom in Kabul, Afghanistan. Kylie and her two young children, James and Elea, were living in Texas at the time. This is their beautiful family before tragedy hit. They had moved there when Sergeant Riney was 
assigned to Fort Hood before deploying in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel. After her husband’s death, Kylie chose to be back in Illinois with her family, surrounded by those whom she loves and love her so they could mourn together this inconceivable loss. But in the wake of this tragedy, their landlord refused to allow Kylie to terminate the lease that she and her husband had signed—I mean, it is just hard to even get those words out—refused to allow them to get out of their lease. The families of our fallen heroes have already sacrificed far too much, and we should do everything in our power to ensure grieving spouses receive the support that they need. For this reason, I was proud to introduce this commonsense, bipartisan bill, the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman BRAD WENSTRUP , who is also an Army Reserve officer and a physician, who helped introduce this with me. I would also like to thank Chairman ROEand Ranking Member TIMWALZ for their work in bringing this to the floor. Currently, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act protects servicemembers from lease termination fees when they deploy or receive a permanent change of station. Our legislation narrowly extends that law’s residential leasing protections to the surviving spouses of servicemembers who are killed while serving their country. Ranking Member WALZhelped ensure the bill would protect all these families, including those who lose a member of the National Guard or Reserves. He has been a tireless advocate for the National Guard in Congress, and it is a pleasure to be able to work with him. I can hardly think of anything worse than taking advantage of a grieving widow or widower whose spouse made the ultimate sacrifice for our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this bill to ensure this does not happen again. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers. I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5882, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois for introducing this important piece of legislation. I am dumbfounded that we have landlords who would not recognize the situation of a fallen soldier, but this law is necessary, and I urge all my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I, too, associate my comments with Mr. TAKANO . I grew up in a military town, Clarksville, Tennessee, where, during the Vietnam war, I saw all too many families broken apart, had to move. I find it almost unimaginable that a landlord would insist that somebody not separate, not do this when they have lost a spouse. That beautiful family that she showed, their lives are changed forever, and the last thing that young widow needed to worry about was that. She needed to take care of those children, to explain why their father was not coming home or, in another case, their mother might not be coming home. Mr. Speaker, I can’t think of any bill that deserves the support more than this one does, and I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5882, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GAETZ ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5882, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VA HOSPITALS ESTABLISHING LEADERSHIP PERFORMANCE ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5864) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish qualifications for the human resources positions within the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5864 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. b1915 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5864, the VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act, or the VA HELP Act. The significant recruitment and retention challenges facing the VA healthcare system are nothing new. One of my priorities as chairman has been to help the VA address those challenges and attract highquality clinicians and support staff to VA medical facilities. To that end, I have worked to see two major pieces of legislation— the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act, and the VA Mission Act— signed into law this Congress include extensive improvements to the VA’s hiring authorities. However, those improvements will not be nearly as effective as they could be if the HR professionals that are administering them aren’t operating at the top of their game. Unfortunately, the committee has found several instances where it appeared that some HR staff working in VA medical facilities had substandard education and professional backgrounds, including one HR director at a VA medical center who lacked both a college degree and relevant work experience. To prevent that, the VA HELP Act would require the VA to establish qualification standards and standardized performance metrics for HR within the VHA. To ensure transparency and to aid the committee in our ongoing oversight efforts, it would also require the VA to provide Congress with a copy of those qualification standards and performance metrics, as well as require the Government Accountability Office to conduct an assessment of them. I wholeheartedly believe that this bill will result in better staffed VA medical facilities, and, therefore, a 
more accessible VA healthcare system for our Nation’s heroes. I am grateful to the sponsor of the VA HELP Act, my colleague and friend, Congressman MIKEBOSTof Illinois. MIKEis the chairman of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, a tireless advocate for veterans and their families, and, I might add, a veteran himself. Mr. Speaker, I thank him for his leadership on this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5864, as amended, the VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act, or VA HELP Act. Due to nationwide shortages, nuanced certification and licensing requirements, and complex position descriptions, human resource professionals working in the healthcare industry must possess a unique set of skills and qualifications. Human resource professionals working within the VA must further develop their skills while learning how to leverage the many hiring initiatives, budgetary concerns, and Federal resources in a way that can compete with the private sector’s financial incentives. The VA HELP Act is an effort to assist the VA in finding the unique talent it needs to fill these healthspecific human resource officers by requiring the VA to establish qualifications and standardized performance metrics for each human resource position within VHA. By further defining the human resource positions within VHA and standardizing performance metrics, the VA will be able to more easily to attract, access, and retain quality human resource officers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST), the chairman of the Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee, who also is a Marine veteran who has drunk from the Devil Dog fountain at Belleau Wood. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. As all of us here know today, the mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs is the care for those who have borne the battle. When our heroes transition from the military, they deserve to have access to quality healthcare and services. Unfortunately, the VA continues to fall short on the promises, due, in part, to failures in human resource offices. This issue hit close to home for me after the VA National Center for Patient Safety surveyed the Marion VA Medical Center in my district. The Marion survey showed a decline in key factors, such as communication between management and staff, and reporting problems to management. The Veterans Affairs’ Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations staff then visited Marion in order to get a firsthand look at the issues at the facility. During that site visit, multiple employees raised concerns about poor management, poor communication, distrust between leadership and management, and the lack of accountability. Despite several efforts to encourage the VA headquarters leadership to address these problems, limited actions have been taken, and my office continues to receive complaints. The common thread throughout has been the issue in the human resource department. HR management is a critical part of delivering quality healthcare. HR is responsible for recruiting and retaining highly qualified professionals, and the current status quo within the VHA’s HR offices cannot continue. That is why I introduced H.R. 5854, the VA HELP Act, with Representative SINEMA . This bipartisan, straightforward legislation instructs the VA Secretary to establish qualifications for HR positions within the VHA, and to set performance metrics for these positions. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members of the House to support H.R. 5864 to ensure that our Nation’s veterans are being provided the best possible care from VA employees. I thank the chairman of the committee, Chairman ROE, and Ranking Member TAKANO for supporting this. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5864, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5864, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5864, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
VETERANS SERVING VETERANS ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5938) to amend the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a vacancy and recruitment database to facilitate the recruitment of certain members of the Armed Forces to satisfy the occupational needs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to establish and implement a training and certification program for intermediate care technicians in that Department, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5938 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 208 of the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act (Public Law 115–46; 38 U.S.C. 701 note), as amended by section 2 of this Act, or to carry out section 3 of this Act. Such sections shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5938, as amended, the Veterans Serving Veterans Act. This bill is sponsored by my friend and fellow committee member, the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss JENNIFFER  GONZA´LEZCOLO´N). Mr. Speaker, I am very grateful for her hard work and leadership on this bill on behalf of our Nation’s veterans in Puerto Rico and across the country. The Veterans Serving Veterans Act contains two provisions that would help alleviate staffing shortages at the Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities and create employment opportunities for servicemembers separating from the Armed Forces. First, it would expand VA’s recruiting database to include information about soontobe separated servicemembers whose military training and experience match open positions within the VA healthcare system. It is common sense. Second, it would expand an existing pilot program that recruits former medics to serve as intermediate care technicians in VA medical facilities. We all know that, all other things being equal, veterans prefer being seen and treated by their peers. This bill would create a pathway for that to happen more often, while addressing the serious recruitment issues that continue to hamper VA medical facilities coast to coast. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5938, as amended, the Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018. Veterans exit the military with the highest quality of education and experience in their respective fields. We, along with the private sector, have worked diligently to ensure servicemembers are able to translate their skills to the private industry. However, this bill takes our efforts a step further by allowing the VA to create a searchable vacancy and recruitment database containing each VA vacancy and the corresponding military occupation code or skill that corresponds to the positions. The database will also allow interested servicemembers to opt in to be included in the database, so that the VA may begin recruiting transitioning servicemembers to fill vacant positions before their discharges are complete. In addition to the creation of the database, the bill also allows the Secretary to create a pilot program to train servicemembers who served as basic healthcare technicians while serving in the Armed Forces to be trained as intermediate care technicians at the VHA. By creating a pipeline from service to bedside, the VA can better treat the 9 million veterans who depend on its services. I appreciate the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N) for her hard work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to our next speaker, I want to tell Members about this young woman. She represents the island of Puerto Rico, and before one of the hurricanes hit, I called her on the phone just moments before the hurricane. I was amazed that I even got through. Following that, we led a group. I came to visit the hospital and the island of Puerto Rico, and the passion that she shows for the people she represents, and the passion she shows for veterans, is second to none. I wanted to pass that along. I saw something in this young woman down there that I had not seen before I visited her beautiful island. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N), a member of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee. Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROEfor, first of all, visiting the island. This is the first time ever the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs ever visited Puerto Rico. I thank the gentleman for that, for his leadership, and for his commitment, and the ranking member’s commitment, during the last months. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of my bill, H.R. 5938, the Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018. This bill seeks to alleviate chronic staffing shortages that currently affect the Department of Veterans Affairs, which hinders their ability to serve our veterans in an effective and timely manner. This issue never fails to come up during those meetings with veterans residing in Puerto Rico and is often discussed by my colleagues here in the House. H.R. 5938 seeks a remedial option to this issue by doing two things. First, amending section 208 of the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 to include the military occupational specialties of soontobe discharged servicemembers that correspond to vacant positions at the VA in the recruiting database, as well as servicemembers’ contact information and the date of discharge. Inclusion in the database is completely optional for those servicemembers. If included, they will potentially be matched for vacant positions at the VA that correspond with the skills they acquired with the Department of Defense. Second, the bill will also require the VA to implement a program to train 
and certify former Department of Defense healthcare technicians as intermediate care technicians, ICTs, to address the large demand for healthcare providers at the Veterans Health Administration. These very skilled technicians trained by the DOD have difficulty gaining employment in their field after separating from the Armed Forces due to the lack of a certification. At the same time, the VHA has a significant shortage of providers. The ICT program has a high satisfaction rate and helps fill this void. Servicemembers are a remarkable asset upon transitioning from the Department of Defense. We should do everything we can do to foster this transition and facilitate this opportunity to our men and women in uniform to serve our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I need to again thank Chairman ROEfor his leadership. For me, it is an honor to serve on this committee with a gentleman who has this commitment and who works in a bipartisan manner with Ranking Member WALZ and Congressman T AKANO . I thank the gentlemen for their support. It is an honor to improve so many bills like this with these amendments. Their leadership and assistance in moving this bill forward make us all proud, so I urge all my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. b1930 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5938, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 5938, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5938, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CREATION OF ONSITE TREATMENT SYSTEMS AFFORDING VETERANS IMPROVEMENTS AND NUMEROUS GENERAL SAFETY ENHANCEMENTS ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5974) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use onsite regulated medical waste treatment systems at certain Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5974 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Creation of OnSite Treatment Systems Affording Veterans Improvements and Numerous General Safety Enhancements Act’’ or the ‘‘VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5974, as amended, the Department of Veterans Affairs Creation of OnSite Treatment Systems Affording Veterans Improvements and Numerous General Safety Enhancements, or, perhaps the most creative naming of a bill since I have been in Congress, the VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act. This bill will require VA to identify facilities that could benefit from onsite medical waste management and, in those facilities, install and operate onsite medical waste treatment capabilities. The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention both consider onsite medical waste management to be a best practice. However, only a relatively small percentage of VA medical facilities have installed onsite sterilization equipment to date. By considering which VA medical facilities could find value in onsite medical waste management and making a deliberate effort to transition those facilities away from offsite medical waste management arrangements, VA could achieve considerable savings of taxpayer dollars that could, in turn, be used to fund other VA initiatives. It would also result in more VA facilities utilizing a waste disposal method that is both safer and more environmentally friendly. This bill is sponsored by Congressman JEFFDENHAM from California, and I thank him for bringing this issue to the committee’s attention. I applaud the gentleman for his creativity in coming up with an acronym for a bill of this size. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5974, as amended, the Department of Veterans Affairs Creation of OnSite Treatment Systems Affording Veterans Improvements and Numerous General Safety Enhancements Act, otherwise known as the VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act. Mr. Speaker, the current funding issues currently surrounding VA are evidence of the need for creative cost savings measures. I must thank Representative DENHAM in identifying and championing one such creative solution. The VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act simply asks VHA to review its current medical waste disposal system and determine whether hosting this disposal onsite would result in cost savings over the next 5 years. If so, then the facility is required to implement onsite disposal. Onsite medical waste disposal is safer and far more efficient in most cases, and this bill would simply require VHA to ensure they are achieving the safest and most costeffective method of medical waste disposal. Again, I thank Representative DENHAM for his work on the bill, and I 
urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), who is my friend and a fellow veteran. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support of H.R. 5974, the VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act. This bipartisan bill improves care for our veterans. It also ensures that the VA is using the latest costsaving technology. It directs the VA to install onsite medical waste treatment systems in facilities where this will result in a cost savings within 5 years. Systemwide, this will save the VA millions of dollars each year and directly improve safety and healthcare for our veterans. In addition to the significant cost savings, this technology is safer and increases crisis readiness. Safety is paramount when caring for our vets, and treating waste onsite prevents the spread of dangerous infections. Both the CDC and the World Health Organization recommend this technology, and this policy brings the VA in line with recommended practices for private medicine. Likewise, in the event of an earthquake or a wildfire, which we saw in California, transportation infrastructure can be compromised and prevent hazardous waste from being trucked to a disposal site or through a city. We need to make sure that this is handled onsite. In a disaster scenario like this, treating waste is critical to preventing an outbreak and keeping the facility actually up and running without huge backloads of the waste. Our veterans deserve the highest quality of care. This technology improves crisisreadiness and is safer, more efficient, more cost effective, and more environmentally friendly than traditional medical waste disposal. Installing these machines will immediately begin saving the VA millions of dollars per year and directly improve care for our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5974. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5974, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. At this time, I want to thank both minority and majority staffs for the hard work they have done on these eight bills. We once again have shown that we can work in a bipartisan way and close many loopholes that no one ever attempted in previous law or just common sense, like when a spouse has lost their loved one to be free to move along with a cable bill or a lease and other issues that we have dealt with here today. I want to thank Mr. TAKANO , Mr. WALZ, the staff on the minority side, and the staff on the majority side for the hard work that they have done on all of these bills. The committee will continue to move forward with other bills later in the year. Mr. Speaker, I once again encourage all Members to support H.R. 5974, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5974, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I thank you very much for the opportunity to address the House. As I often do in these evenings in the Special Order hour, I try to first lay out what it is: what is the purpose, what is the goal, and what is the value in what we are trying to accomplish. I find myself always harkening back to a quote that I saw many years ago, and then more recently found etched into the marble at the FDR Memorial here in Washington, D.C. It comes from Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and he talked about what he was trying to accomplish and what he thought America ought to accomplish during the Great Depression. His words are equally important during the Great Recession and the years thereafter. He said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ It is kind of what we are all about as Democrats, and that is why we found the tax cut, the Republican tax cut which no Democrat voted for last December, so profoundly troubling. That tax cut, on top of the 2001 and the 2003 Republican tax cuts, added $2 trillion to the wealth of the top 1 percent of Americans. Let me say that once again. FDR was quite clear in his test of policy. He said: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ The 2001 and the 2003 Republican tax cuts, together with the December 2017 Republican tax cuts, which no Democrat in the House of Representatives voted for, added $2 trillion to the wealth of the top 1 percent of Americans. I suppose that would be okay if the 99 percent had somehow seen their wealth grow. It didn’t happen. In fact, what we have seen in the last decade since the Great Recession is that the great middle class of America and the poor have seen no real income growth. In the last couple of years, yes, there has been a wage increase, about 2 percent, totally consumed by inflation, which was slightly more than 2 percent—no real income growth. So what is happening here is that we Democrats are proposing a better deal for Americans. Yes, those words are similar to what FDR used. But we are proposing a better deal for Americans, not one that makes the rich richer, although that would be fine if the rest of America could also become richer. But that is going to take a change in public policy, and that is what we are proposing to do, because our public policy going forward is going to be about a better deal for the American people. We are proposing, as we go into this election year, that we push aside the Republican proposal, which is essentially a better deal for the superrich, and we want to bring about a better deal for the people. Here are the three major elements of that deal: We want to lower our healthcare costs and prescription drugs for the American people. We can do this. Unfortunately, our colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle are going in exactly the other direction. As they have ripped the guts out of the Affordable Care Act, we have seen the cost of healthcare in America skyrocket. b1945 We have seen the cost of drugs skyrocket. We want to end that. One of the things we most definitely want to end is what the Republicans are now proposing and that is that we go back in America to the bad old days when, if you had a preexisting condition, you could not get healthcare; or, you would have to pay a small fortune just to get an insurance policy. No, we don’t want that, but that is what our Republican colleagues are trying to give us all across this Nation—a return to the insurance discrimination where, if you have a preexisting condition, you cannot get healthcare at an affordable price and quite probably couldn’t get it at all. Issue one, the cost of drugs. The 2003 improvement to Medicare part D provided prescription drugs at a reduced cost for seniors. All good. A clause was written into that which prohibited the 
Federal Government from negotiating drug prices for the tens of millions of Americans on Medicare. So we have seen the cost of prescription drugs soar. We have seen the stories about a drug that was acquired by some ripoff person who then took the cost of that drug from a few dollars per pill to several hundred or several thousand dollars per pill. So that is point one. I am going to go down to point three, because I am going to spend time on point two. What we want to do is clean up the corruption of politics in Washington and across this Nation. Just recently, the Treasury Department said that the NRA didn’t have to reveal who its contributors were to its dark money program. Similarly, no other dark money PAC across the State had to reveal who their contributors were. Citizens United opened the floodgates to hidden money, secret money. Millions upon millions of dollars pour into campaigns to influence the effect of those campaigns. So we want to deal with Citizens United. We want to deal with this problem of corruption in our political system. There are many ways we can do it, but until we can deal with it, we are going to continue to see more and more legislation that benefits the rich at the expense of the working men and women of America. Now, let me go to this second one here. We want to increase and grow our economy and jobs through an infrastructure program rebuilding America. That will be the central focus of what I want to spend this evening on. So, as we talk a better deal for the American people, we will be talking about healthcare issues, we will be talking about corruption and ending the dark money. We will also talk about rebuilding the infrastructure for America and creating jobs. As we go into this, why is it important? Why is infrastructure important? I suspect many of you remember just more than a year ago that the greatest waterfall in all the world was created at the Oroville Dam in California, just a few miles upstream from my district on the Feather River. Yes, an infrastructure failure. The Oroville Dam spillway was about to give way, just to the side of this, creating a 30foot wall of water, because the main spillway had collapsed. I suppose if you are interested in waterfalls, this was quite an event. But it was dangerous. Two hundred thousand of my constituents had to immediately evacuate in the cities of Marysville, Yuba City, and Live Oak, and other small communities in that area, for fear that that infrastructure project would fail. Well, it did, but not totally. For the folks in Seattle, Washington, or anybody who was traveling on Interstate 5 from Washington State to British Columbia, it turned out it was a tough day to get there. This is the Interstate 5 bridge. Well, I suppose if you had pontoons or maybe water wings, you could stay on Interstate 5. This is just one example of the tens of thousands of bridges across America that are considered to be unsafe and structurally unsound. This one proved it. A similar bridge in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in the Twin Cities area, resulted in deaths as that bridge collapsed. Infrastructure. American infrastructure, according to Duke University and the study they published a couple of years ago, ranks in the Ds. I do think we have one C. This is going to require glasses to try to find the one C in our infrastructure system. Our ports are a Cplus. The rail systems, the private rail systems are a B. The rest of them are Ds and Fs. Roads, bridges, dams, on and on, sanitation systems, water systems. All of us have heard about the problem in Michigan with the water system there. Well, it is repeated in California up and down the Central Valley of California with water systems that are contaminated in multiple ways, as they are in Michigan. So, what are we going to do about it? Well, we have the good fortune of an opportunity presented to us by Democratic leaders. Let me start with a couple of examples of what can be done if we were to Make It In America. Take, for example, an American success story of Make It In America. The Tappan Zee Bridge in New York, they did it right. They did it with U.S.manufactured steel. It was a $3.9 billion project and 7,728 American jobs created. Out in California, we do things a little differently and not always better. You have heard of the San Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge. Well, they decided that the Chinese steel would be cheaper. It turned out it wasn’t, and there were thousands of American jobs that didn’t happen. It was $3.9 billion over budget, as that Chinese steel was used. There were 3,000 jobs created in China, and the most modern steel mill in the world to produce steel that was badly welded and flawed in many ways. So, we have a choice: We can make it in America, as New York did with the Tappan Zee Bridge, or you can have it made in China, as California did with the San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge, not our proudest moment. For you who are not aware, I am a Californian. I was the Lieutenant Governor when this disaster was going on. I screamed and yelled and jumped up and down and said, What in the world are you doing? Oh, but it is cheaper. It is supposed to be by 10 percent. Cheap is not always better—an example of what could be done if we were to make it in America. Now, this idea of Make It In America actually started with STENY HOYER , our minority whip. I am going to put up a couple of things. He has renewed his program that he and I worked on beginning in 2010. Over the years we have talked about Make It In America. We have talked about various ways it can be done, policies and the like. This Monday, Minority Whip STENY HOYER reenergized Make It In America. I think it is Make It In America 4.0. So we have encouraged entrepreneurship by assuring access to workplace benefits like healthcare and retirement security, and providing more and stronger boosts to businesses with ideas and successful businesses. I just came across one of these earlier today. I was talking to a friend out in California, Phil Wyatt, a Ph.D. guy who worked out of the University of California, Santa Barbara for some time. He came across a way of using a machine to analyze what is in something—a chemical analysis, an analysis of biological components, and the like. He started a company called Wyatt Technology. It is an analytical machine that is used all around the world. It is used in healthcare. It is used in biology. It is used in chemical analysis and the like. The company is an American company, an entrepreneurship that was developed in this country. There are 88 straight quarters of profitability, and no way in hell is he going to allow the Chinese to steal it from him, even though his equipment is broadly used throughout the world. A great success story, Wyatt Technology. So, where did it come from? Well, it was an entrepreneurial program. We need more entrepreneurs. We need more entrepreneurs who are out there developing new businesses like Phil did several years back. They can do it. They are going to need support from their government. They need sound tax policy. They need the education and research that is going on in our universities. They need to be able to accept the risk of starting a new business, whether it is a hightech business or maybe it is somebody that wants to go out and work at a taco stand. But they ought to be able to have their healthcare and they ought to have their retirement security available to them as they go through that time. So, that is one of the things that Mr. HOYER has talked about as he renews the Make It In America plan. We are going to hold infrastructure for a few moments and pick up the third element in his plan, which is education, which ties directly to what I talked about with Mr. Wyatt. Wyatt’s business, almost more than a decade old, actually came out of the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he was a professor and he was doing research. And so it is the educational system, not only at the high level, but also all the way down the line, promoting pathways for career opportunities. A lot of this is something you might find in the career technical education field, where a man or woman learns to be a welder and then says, Well, I can start my own welding shop. I can become my own boss. So they do. 
Or, maybe it is somebody that has learned hairstyling or cosmetics and decides they want to open their own shop. If they are able to have portable healthcare, if they have their retirement benefits, they can run the risk of starting their own business. The training programs and education and the research all fit into this focus on education. So Mr. HOYER has outlined that as the second element. The third element in the renewal of the Make It In America plan that he and I worked on in the beginning of 2010, and continued working on these many years, is a focus on infrastructure. As I said earlier, as I talked about the failure of our basic infrastructure systems—water, sanitation, bridges, highways, reservoirs and dams—is this problem, also this opportunity. As I said, with this report coming out of Duke University, where they rated the infrastructure systems—as did the Society of Civil Engineers—it is a fact that if we are building our infrastructure system, for every dollar we invest in the infrastructure, we will be able to create 21,671 jobs. And for every billion dollars we invest, we will create those jobs. For every dollar we invest, we will improve the economy by $3.54. b2000 So the return on that $1 investment is 3.5 to 1, so it makes a lot of sense to do that. Besides that, the bridges won’t fall down and the dams won’t crumble. This one is extremely important: repairing and rebuilding our aging infrastructure. It also gives us the opportunity to innovate in the infrastructure of the future. Well, as Mr. HOYER wants to talk about the infrastructure of the future, I want to talk about, for my remaining time here, the infrastructure of the past. You may be aware that America is now a nation that exports a strategic national asset. It is our petroleum products. For fracking and other reasons, we are now an export nation when it comes to crude oil, gasoline, diesel, and, above all, natural gas. We have succeeded in turning this around from an importing nation to an exporting nation. Some of these statistics lead me to an opportunity that we could rebuild, reenergize, a critical national infrastructure. We don’t often think about our maritime industry as being infrastructure, but it really is. It supports, to be sure. And we often talk about ports. We talk about intermodal, from the ship to the port, to the trail, to the train and rail, and then on to the highways. All true, but we often ignore the ship itself. So here we are. The future of American shipbuilding actually resides in the export of oil and natural gas. By 2020, the U.S. is expected to be the world’s third largest exporter of LNG, liquified natural gas. Mr. Speaker, 225 LNG vessels are expected to be added to the world fleet by 2020. Those are big ships. There is a little picture there of one. Due to the eroded capacity of American shipyards, not one—none, nada, none—of those 225 LNG ships, vessels, will be built in American shipyards unless there is a law that requires that just a small part of that export of LNG be on Americanbuilt ships. Similarly, oil, I don’t have that up here, but none of the oil that will be exported from the United States will be on Americanbuilt ships unless there is a law. So, are you surprised that we are proposing a law called the Energizing American Shipbuilding? It is a piece of legislation that I have introduced to deal with a critical infrastructure, the ships that America once had. So, of 225 new LNG vessels, currently 70 percent of those orders are going to Korea and the rest to China, maybe a few to Japan, and none to the United States. So, the legislation called Energizing American Shipbuilding Act, introduced by myself, H.R. 5893, was introduced a few weeks ago. It requires that a certain percentage of the liquified natural gas and crude oil exports be transported on United Statesbuilt ships and Americanflag vessels, crewed by American mariners, from the captains to the engineers to the seamen, American men and women on these Americanbuilt vessels. A similar bill was introduced in the Senate by Senator WICKER , and that bill also does exactly the same thing. Senator CASEY , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. COURTNEY , and Mr. W ITTMAN —two Democrats, two Republicans—introduced the legislation. In the Senate, one Republican and one Democrat have introduced the very same legislation, bipartisan, bicameral, and, by God, we ought to do it. What happens if we were to do it? Well, let’s look at some of the very simple opportunities that exist. Instead of China and Korea and Japan building the ships for the export of this strategic national asset, let’s do it in America. Let’s make them in America. The Energizing American Shipbuilding Act, introduced in the House and the Senate this year, if we were to pass this legislation, we are talking at least 50 new ships built in America. Let’s see. That is 3, 6, 9, 12—about 15 of them, LNG ships, would be built here in the United States. And when they are commissioned and they are on the oceans, they would have American mariners on board providing a strategic advantage to our American defense policy. I will talk about that a little later. There would be many, many more on the crude oil side, perhaps more than 30. Probably closer to 35 ships would be built in the next decade and a half to two decades, providing, oh, I don’t know, maybe more than 1,500 jobs for American mariners. And we haven’t yet been able to calculate all the jobs in the shipyards of America, but we know that, for San Diego, at the shipyards in San Diego, they would be building these ships. We know that they would be building these ships in the shipyards of the Gulf Coast and in the shipyards on the East Coast, particularly in Philadelphia. These jobs would be spread around at the shipyards on the West Coast, the Gulf of Mexico, and the East Coast. And, just as important, the bill would require that the engines, the hydraulic systems, the pumps, the pipes, the electronics, that those, too, also be built in America. We are talking about a major opportunity to make it in America, to make it in America once again so that America can continue to be a major place for the construction of Americanbuilt ships, whether those are naval ships, as they are today, required to be built in the United States, or whether they are commercial ships requiring that a small percentage of the export of oil and natural gas be on Americanbuilt ships with American sailors. Bottom line: manufacturing matters. So, when Mr. HOYER , our minority whip, talks about renewing the Make It In America agenda and he talks about the necessity for that to be focusing on infrastructure, we put forward that a critical piece of that infrastructure is the American maritime industry—just as important as the trucks that travel our highways, another piece of infrastructure; just as important as the trains that travel the rails, another critical piece of infrastructure; just as important as the barges that move up and down the Mississippi River system on the Ohio, the Missouri, or the Mississippi itself. All of that is infrastructure, as are the airports and the airlines. We ought to start and always think about the fact that we are a maritime nation and that in our infrastructure we consider the American maritime, we consider the ships and the men and the women who are on those ships. Now, this is a national security issue. TRANSCOM, responsible for moving American military supplies around the world, has stated categorically that, unless we revive our American maritime industry, unless we have sailors and captains and engineers on ships who are able to transport our military wherever they need to go around the world, we are going to be in a world of hurt. Earlier today, I was talking to one of the officers of Liberty Maritime, one of the American shipping companies, owners of ships that will soon be transporting a brigade of Reserve men and women from the United States to Europe as part of our European defense issues. So it becomes important that we deal with the infrastructure of the United States and that we do so keeping in mind that these are American jobs that fulfill this important policy position. This is the value that, as we go about our legislative work here, we keep in 
mind that the test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide for those who have too little. Among those who have too little are the working men and women of America. And if we carry out this infrastructure challenge, if we make it in America, if the steel is American made, if the locomotives are American made— and there is a marvelous example of what can be done with public policy that says, if we are going to build locomotives for the Amtrak system on the Northeast corridor from Washington, D.C., to Boston, that those locomotives will be American made, with 100 percent Americanmade equipment. Interestingly, when this was part of the American Recovery Act back in 2010, a bill put forward by Democrats and President Obama, there was a requirement for $700 million or $800 million to be spent on Americanbuilt locomotives, 100 percent American made. A German company said: Whoa, $700 million? $800 million? Locomotives? American made? We could do that. So, in Sacramento, California, Siemens, one of the great manufacturing companies in the world, said: Well, let’s see. We make not locomotives, but we do make cars for the transit systems. We can do locomotives. And they did. Just this last week, I got off one of the Amtrak trains from New York City, walked past a gleaming locomotive, brandnew, and on the side it said ‘‘Siemens.’’ I am going: That locomotive was made in Sacramento, California, just outside my district, by a German company with American workers, American steel, American wheels, American engines—made in America. How did it happen? Because Congress, with Democrats in control and a Democratic President, said: We are not going to talk about making America great again; we are going to actually pass a law that says this money will be spent on Americanmade locomotives. And so it was. And now that plant is continuing to expand as they produce cars for transit systems all across this Nation. FDR had it right, and we are going to follow. We are going to make sure that the laws of this Nation actually provide for the working men and women; for those who don’t have a job, an educational program, job training programs, career development programs in community colleges and high schools, apprenticeship programs, so that the men and women of America can participate in the revitalization of the American infrastructure system. Whether that is a highway, an interstate freeway, an airport, a dock, or a port, we are going to make sure that the American workers have a chance not only in building the infrastructure, but in using the steel and the concrete and the other elements that go into these infrastructure projects. Those should also be made in America so that that infrastructure program flows way beyond just those who are pouring the concrete to those who are making the cement and making the manufacturing plant that will develop the cement. b2015 This is where we are. And by the way, we want to make sure that tax policy does not do what the Republicans have repeatedly done—2001, 2003 tax cuts and again in the 2017 tax cuts that have transferred $2 trillion of American wealth to the top 1 percent. That is shameful, but that has actually happened. And all the while the rest of Americans have seen virtually no improvement in their economic situation. Tax policy—critically important. Policy that requires that when we spend your tax dollar, that your tax dollar is spent on American jobs in American factories, putting Americans to work in what we call a ‘‘Make It In America’’ agenda. And so keep this in mind, Mr. Trump, this is how you make America great again, by making it in America. So we can work with our Republican colleagues, as we are with our shipbuilding program, the Energizing American Shipbuilding Act. Democrats and Republicans understand, together, that it is public policy. It is the laws that we write that set the pace for economic growth and spread that growth out across the great American population so that everyone—everyone can participate in the rebuilding of America’s infrastructure, whether it is a ship at sea, a port that is being developed, an airport, a highway or a railway, water system, sanitation system, we must write into all of those laws that when American taxpayer money is used, it is spent on American manufacturing and American workers. So we will make it in America, and America will make it when we follow these kinds of wise public policies, keeping in mind that our task is to make sure that we always focus not on those who have much, but, rather, on those that have too little. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
THE FIGHT TO SAVE AMERICA’S PATENT SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, first and foremost, before I get into the subject that I will be discussing today, let me just note that ‘‘American made’’ is only important if there are Americans actually in the jobs. Who is the friend and who is the enemy of American workers today? Certainly the party that is permitting massive flow of illegal immigrants into our country in order to take the jobs that are being created is not a friend of the American working people. Let us take a look at why Americans have prospered. We have prospered because, yes, we have technology and we have jobs. But it is also because we have not permitted this massive immigration that now seems to be flowing across and has been for the last 10 and 20 years. If we have industries that are going to succeed and jobs that are going to be created, we must first control our borders so that all of the jobs that we hear about being created are given to Americans, not to people who come here illegally. It is unfortunate that that part of the debate in how illegal immigration has been bringing down the quality of life, taking jobs away from Americans, that that has not been part of the debate that we have heard over the media. In fact, last week, we had an example where the Democratic party members here were unable to support a bill on the floor commending those brave souls who are defending our border and trying to stem the flow—the massive flow of illegal immigration into our country. They couldn’t get themselves to back that. Now, I went to an ICE facility, which is the group in our government that actually runs the facilities and helps us control this massive flow into our country, and the people there, yes, there were over 300 being held, and they were going to be returned. They were doing a good job for us. And the fact is, in California, the Democratic party has gone so far overboard, they won’t even permit local law enforcement—they have actually outlawed—they call it the sanctuary State law—they won’t even let local governments permit them to use their own law enforcement to cooperate with Federal authorities in order to deal with illegal alien criminals. Now, something is wrong here. We can hear all this talk about attacking Republicans as if all the tax money that was saved in this tax bill went to rich people. No, that is not the case. And what is also not the case is that the very jobs that are being created by such programs are going to foreigners who are here illegally, unless we do something about it. So with that said, I would like to get into the issue that I really would like to—that I was intending to discuss today, and it has everything to do also with American prosperity. American prosperity didn’t just happen. So I call this the Fight to Save America’s Patent System. We Americans are blessed to be part of a Nation where average people who live right and work hard can expect safety, a decent standard of living, and opportunities beyond the dreams of those who just struggle to survive in so much of the world—which is also why we have to control the borders. Because we do have a high standard of living in this world and we have this high standard of living for average people, it is not just a gift from God, but it is also a result of fundamental policies and laws that have governed our 
land, including immigration laws, I might add, that prevent this massive flow of illegals into our country that we have been having to deal with. Policies were put into place by brave, hardworking, forwardlooking patriots over the years who struggled to create this new country, the United States of America. And they put in place fundamental laws that were aimed at protecting the rights of each and every person in the country. One of those rights, which is often overlooked, was delineated in Article I, section 8 of the Constitution. In fact, considering the fact that the Bill of Rights was added to the document as a package of amendments, it is the only place in the original body of the Constitution where the word ‘‘right’’ is used. This is that part of our basic law of the land that mandates that writers and inventors have the right to exclusively control their creation for a specified period of time. That is in the Constitution. And that specified period of time, which through most of our history was 17 years—17 years for our inventors to control and profit from what they have created. Benjamin Franklin probably inserted this into the Constitution without much fanfare, yet it has been a factor that has made all the difference. Ordinary Americans have lived good and decent lives here, not necessarily because we have worked harder—because people work hard all over the world— but we have prospered because not only have our people worked hard, but they have had the technological edge. We have multiplied the impact of every hour of labor with machines and equipment that existed only as a result of the genius of our people. Progress was shared by all because we have nurtured our inventors, protected their intellectual property rights, and permitted them to profit from their genius. Our standard of living as a people became the envy of the world, and all this can be traced to a strong, fair, and honest patent system. I have got good news. American inventors, the folks who are so often taken for granted, are deeply appreciated by the new Trump administration. Secretary Wilbur Ross and the new director of the United States Patent Office, Andrei Iancu—I guess that is how you pronounce that—are making sure that America’s greatest assets, our inventors and our innovators, are protected. This is, of course, a reversal of what has been going on in recent years. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, is the Federal agency tasked with the job of protecting America’s new ideas and investments in innovation and creativity. Over the years, there have been 58 different men and women leading this agency. Our newest USPTO director, Andrei Iancu, shows the promise to be perhaps one of the best in that long line that extends back more than 200 years. Director Iancu has a long history in innovation, from his work as an engineer at Hughes Aircraft Company and his legal career that focused on intellectual property litigation. He has assured me personally that he will fight to protect the intellectual property of our inventors, and he will demand that accountability and transparency are hallmarks in the patent office under his watch. His positive commitment is refreshing. That is, to make sure that we have this transparency and accountability that he is talking about is a refreshing contrast to past office leadership. Most of my colleagues and most of my fellow Americans have rarely noticed the conflict that has been quietly raging here in Washington for the last three decades. It has been an ongoing struggle with major impact on the security of our country and the well being of the American people. Yet few Members of Congress are even aware of how critical this fight is, and because the fight is usually fought in legalese, the American people are unaware of the issues being determined. What I am talking about is an ongoing clandestine attack on America’s patent system by powerful multinational corporations. Their aim has been to gain a free hand to use any technology with no worry of compensating the inventor of that said technology. American companies and American workers have succeeded by being on the cutting edge and a notch above foreign competition. This is because our innovators have been protected by the best patent system in the world. Yet, we hear these calls globally, and in collusion with domestic power brokers, demands that we harmonize our system with the rest of the world. If there is any harmonization, it should be the rest of the world rising up to our longheld standards which have been instrumental in enabling our way of life and our country’s greatness. We absolutely should not lower America’s standards. But that is exactly what a powerful coalition has been pushing for. And in 2012, with the America Invents Act, they finally were able to undermine significant protections of our patent system. The implications of that law are just now becoming evident. So, for three decades, legislation aimed at weakening America’s patent protection has been pushed and re pushed, whittling away, and restructuring with the goal to diminish the rights of our inventors. This establishment thinks these are people who are just in the way. The antipatent juggernaut cabal even managed to change who will be issued a patent. Up until 2012, up until that law, for more than two centuries, the actual inventor of new technology was legally considered the rightful owner of the invention and thus designated as the recipient of the patent for that new technology. This longstanding and commonsense policy was shifted by that 2012 bill so that now, not the inventor, but the first entity to file for the patent gets the patent. Hear that again: The actual inventor doesn’t get the patent. In an age of hacking and predatory corporations, this is a disaster in the making. b2030 Even as we lost ground in the legislative fight to protect our inventors’ rights, there was even less awareness of a change in the way they were doing business inside the Patent Office. There has always been a strict guideline directing the decisions and actions of the professionals and civil servants the Patent Office. Approval of a patent application was not left up to the whims of those making the decision. If an application met the requirements, objective criteria, and the proper procedures were followed, if that happened, the Patent Office employee was mandated to do his or her duty, not to think how they should feel about the economic and societal changes that might be brought about when a new technology is introduced, or what groups would benefit and which ones wouldn’t, if this new technology was patented. I am not certain what precipitated the power play, but, in 1994, changes began happening surreptitiously inside the Patent Office itself, even as overt legislative campaigns were taking place to weaken our patent system, and they were being launched on the outside. So you had people working on the inside and the outside, trying to weaken the patent protection of American inventors. A new procedure was quietly made part of the system inside. It was theoretically aimed at alerting senior patent personnel that a patent with serious consequences was soon to be granted and, thus, given more intense scrutiny. It was called SAWS, Sensitive Application Warning System. But, as you would imagine, as soon as this secretive new element was added to the Patent Office procedures, it began to have much more of an impact than supposedly intended. Unauthorized and hidden SAWS rules and determinations were made that had a major impact on the basic business of the Patent Office, the issuing or denial of an inventor’s patent. Some Patent Office officials took it upon themselves to violate the clear legal boundaries that were in place specifically to prevent wellintended subjectivity from running wild. SAWS had a big impact, much bigger than they ever thought, and it had no scrutiny. So inventors were being skewered from the outside by those legislators mobilized by powerful multinational corporations, and by other special interests as well, I might add, and on the inside by an intheshadows system that permitted unrestricted consideration, no visibility, and no accountability. It took more than 20 years for this to come to light and officially ended. In 
2015, the SAWS program was exposed and made public. And after congressional hearings and inquiries, the Patent Office announced the program had been retired. As one senior patent official told me, ‘‘That program had to go.’’ So it has been an ongoing struggle on the outside and on the inside to maintain the strength and integrity of America’s patent system. On the legislative side, there is a bipartisan coalition now, led by dedicated Representatives like MARCY KAPTUR of Ohio and T HOMAS MASSIE of Kentucky. They just introduced H.R. 6264, Restoring America’s Leadership in Innovation Act of 2018, a bill that will, if we can get it enacted, undo many of the legislative setbacks America’s patent system has suffered in the last two decades. I am, of course, an original cosponsor of that bill, and I invite my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring it. There is really good news—and here is some really good news—from the executive branch. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross is deeply committed to protecting the intellectual property of American inventors. He is willing to fight the good fight to protect us against foreign competitors who would steal our inventors’ genius and use it against our own hardworking people. Secretary Ross is working with our new director of the Patent Office, Andrei Iancu, and he is committed to protecting inventors and creators. Both of them, with President Trump’s guidance and Vice President PENCE ’s encouragement, are declaring that the patent system will be totally transparent and fully accountable. I might say, Director Iancu has just reaffirmed that commitment in a written statement to Congress: 
Today, at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, every action we take is on the public record and recorded in a publicly available database. 
So there is reason for optimism that we have turned a corner in our long term efforts to protect—and, yes, reclaim and maintain and repair—some of the damages that have been done from both the outside attack of our patent system and the inside, outof line actions that were taken without oversight or accountability, like the SAWS program. It is not appropriate to cover up or withhold information. It is time to make up for those past errors and to set a path for America’s Patent Office to offer efficient, honest, and totally aboveboard service. The new director has his hands full. But he has the right game plan: total transparency and full accountability. When it comes to innovation and technology, we are, with our American President, the Vice President, the Secretary of Commerce, and the team over at the Patent Office, together, making America great again. So I would ask my colleagues, please, I know this is a complicated issue, we talked to the American people, we know that patent law seems like it should be complicated, but it is not. For someone who invents something, our Founding Fathers put into place a property right for those people who invent, an inventor, to be able, at least for 17 years, have control over his or her invention. This has worked well for the United States. It is so sad that, for decades now, they have been trying to undermine it. But we are reclaiming that today with the Trump administration, the Secretary of Commerce, the head of the Patent Office, and the Vice President of the United States, who are dedicated to protecting the rights of our inventors and, thus, protecting the great standard of living and the safety of the United States of America, which is so dependent on having a technological edge against any competitor or enemy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
RAISING A QUESTION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE PURSUANT TO ARTICLE I, SECTION 7, OF THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I offer a resolution constituting a question of the privileges of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
H. R ES. 1019 Resolved, That the conference report accompanying H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, in the opinion of this House, contravenes the first clause of the seventh section of the first article of the Constitution of the United States and is an infringement of the privileges of this House and that such bill be respectfully recommitted to the committee of conference. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution presents a question of the privileges of the House. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b2128 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) at 9 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 25, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the second quarter of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOSH MARTIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 24 AND JUNE 4, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOSH MARTIN, EXPENDED BETWEEN MAY 24 AND JUNE 4, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1  AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, July 17, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDE D BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairman, July 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS, Chairman, July 12, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, July 9, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Vice Chairman, July 9, 2018. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5649. A bill to amend titles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Security Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, Labor, and Homeland Security, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to take certain actions to improve transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who separate, retire, or are discharged from the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–864, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5882. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service (Rept. 115–865). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2409. A bill to allow servicemembers to terminate their cable, satellite television, and Internet access service contracts while deployed (Rept. 115–866). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2787. A bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a pilot program instituting a clinical observation program for premed students preparing to attend medical school; with an amendment (Rept. 115–867). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5693. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in nonDepartment medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently; with amendments (Rept. 115–868). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee:Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5974. A bill to direct the 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6479. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to include shortterm limited duration plans in the definition of individual health insurance coverage; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6480. A bill to allow the Governor of Guam to determine temporary need of nonimmigrant workers on Guam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6481. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for the purpose of addressing public health crises, to require the manufacturers of covered products to develop, maintain, and update a plan to mitigate the effects of such products on public health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. NORMAN , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. YOHO, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. MEADOWS , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 6482. A bill to prohibit Federal payments to a unit of local government that allows individuals who are not citizens of the United States to vote in elections for State or local office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for herself and Mr. KIND): H.R. 6483. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to farmers adversely affect by reduced exports resulting from tariffs imposed as retaliation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S CHRADER , and Ms. BONAMICI ): H.R. 6484. A bill to provide for the designation of the Devil’s Staircase Wilderness Area in the State of Oregon, to designate segments of Wasson and Franklin Creeks in the State of Oregon as wild or recreation rivers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. MOORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. SERRANO , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 6485. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a Federal subsidized employment program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LAHOOD (for himself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6486. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain post graduation scholarship grants from gross income in the same manner as qualified scholarships to promote economic growth; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 6487. A bill to provide for greater consultation between the Federal government and the governing bodies of land grant merceds and acequias in New Mexico and to provide for a process for recognition of the historictraditional boundaries of land grantmercedes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BARTON (for himself and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6488. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to exempt from certain criminal penalties the offering and use of certain pharmaceutical manufacturer copayment coupons to waive or reduce costsharing otherwise applied under the Medicare prescription drug benefit; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 6489. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a grant program for the relocation of certain petroleum storage facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for himself, Mr. COLE, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS  of California, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, and Mr. SCALISE ): H.R. 6490. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to treat the service of Members of the United States Capitol Police who are transferred directly to an administrative or supervisory position with the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center as a law enforcement officer service for purposes of the Federal Employees’ Retirement System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 6491. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on distribution of opioids to manufacturers and distributors to help identify, report, and stop suspicious orders of opioids and reduce diversion rates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DEGETTE: H.R. 6492. A bill to designate certain lands in the State of Colorado as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6493. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, United States Code, to improve public understanding of how transportation investments are made by public agencies through establishing greater transparency and accountability processes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H.R. 6494. A bill to expose and deter unlawful and subversive foreign interference in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. SOTO, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. GAETZ , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. TITUS, Mr. C RIST, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. CORREA , Ms. L EE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. POLIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 6495. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to enter into a 10year arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct and update biennially a study on the effects of State legalized marijuana programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself and Mr. TURNER ): H.R. 6496. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to ensure that preexisting condition exclusions with respect to enrollment in health insurance coverage and group health plans continue to be prohibited; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6497. A bill to enhance rail safety and provide for the safe and covered transport of materials in railroad cars, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6498. A bill to improve mental health services; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself and Mr. POEof Texas): H.R. 6499. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to authorize the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to issue loans to homeowners in areas at risk for disasters to carry out predisaster mitigation activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. DENHAM , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. BOST, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. KIND, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. CARBAJAL ): H.R. 6500. A bill to expand the availability of programs of the Department of Agriculture to veteran farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H. Res. 1017. A resolution requesting the President, and directing the Secretary of State, to transmit to the House of Representatives copies of all documents, records, communications, transcripts, summaries, notes, memoranda, and readaheads in their possession referring or relating to certain communications between President Donald Trump and President Vladimir Putin; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PASCRELL: H. Res. 1018. A resolution requesting the President to transmit to the House of Representatives certain documents in the possession of the President relating to the determination to impose certain tariffs and to the strategy of the United States with respect to China; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H. Res. 1019. A resolution raising a question of the privileges of the House pursuant to article I, section 7, of the United States Constitution; considered and agreed to. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H. Res. 1021. A resolution calling upon any agreement reached between the President and Vladimir Putin at their meeting in Helsinki, Finland, to be approved by Congress; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H. Res. 1022. A resolution condemning the ongoing illegal occupation of Crimea by the Russian Federation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. JONES , and Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas): H. Res. 1023. A resolution condemning Vladimir Putin’s attack on United States officials and reaffirming support for those Americans who have served their Nation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H. Res. 1024. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promote international religious freedom and marking the 20th anniversary of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. P OCAN ): H. Res. 1025. A resolution expressing support for policies that maintain a robust, fullyfunded and staffed Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs and do not jeopardize care for veterans by moving essential resources to the private sector; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
231. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to Senate Resolution No. 154, urging the Speaker and the Clerk of the United States House of Representatives to return to Tennessee a report compiled by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation on the Martin Luther King assassination known as ‘‘MLK Document 200472’’ that was submitted to the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations in 1976; to the Committee on House Administration. 232. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Resolution No. 219, memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to adopt and enact the legislation to be proposed in the 115th Congress, Second Session, that would establish the Caddo Lake National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 233. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 48, memorializing the United States Congress and the Louisiana Congressional Delegation to take such actions as are necessary to rectify the revenue sharing inequities between coastal and interior energy producing states and to ensure the dependability of such revenue sharing; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 234. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 110, to memorialize the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to adopt and enact the legislation to be proposed in the 115th Congress, Second Session, that would establish the Caddo Lake National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 235. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 326, urging the Congress of the United States to adopt the National Park Service’s recommendation to extend the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail to include the additional sites along the Lewis and Clark Expedition’s Eastern Legacy; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 236. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 87, to express support of the right of American citizens to keep and bear arms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 237. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 110, to memorialize the United States Congress to pass legislation that supports efforts to build, modernize, and maintain the United States’ infrastructure with consideration of certain principles; jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, and Natural Resources. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 6479. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, to provide for the general welfare and make all laws necessary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6480. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6481. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 6482. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 6483. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 6484. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 6485. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 6486. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico: H.R. 6487. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. BARTON: H.R. 6488. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 6489. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6490. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 6491. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. DEGETTE: H.R. 6492. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 and Article IV, section 3 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6493. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 6494. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 6495. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 6496. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6497. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6498. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6499. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 6500. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 15: Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 99: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 149: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 184: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 233: Mr. KATKO and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 371: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 530: Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 676: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 712: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 754: Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. N EAL, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. H UIZENGA , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 762: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 811: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1017: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 1054: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 1144: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1201: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1205: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 1227: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1272: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 1291: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 1300: Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 1318: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1415: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 1439: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. MOULTON , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1447: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1562: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1651: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1757: Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 1872: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, and Ms. J ACKSON  LEE. H.R. 1904: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1953: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 2055: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2069: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 2327: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 2358: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 2472: Mr. FASOand Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 2482: Mr. HURD. H.R. 2650: Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 2735: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 2748: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2803: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 2856: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2918: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2978: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 3026: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3048: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 3113: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3207: Mr. LAMB, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. ADAMS , and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 3239: Mr. CAPUANO and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3349: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3391: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 3415: Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. P AULSEN, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Ms. GRANGER , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 3467: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3523: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 3635: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 3670: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3671: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 3707: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3751: Mr. CAPUANO and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 3790: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 3956: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida. H.R. 4099: Mr. UPTON , Ms. R OSEN , and Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4107: Mr. CASTRO of Texas and Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 4143: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 4202: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4238: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 4256: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 4306: Mr. KATKO , Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 4454: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 4518: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 4638: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 4693: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 4700: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 4732: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mr. TONKO . H.R. 4859: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 4884: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4914: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 4941: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5011: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico and Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 5085: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 5107: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 5141: Mr. TURNER , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. COOPER . H.R. 5145: Ms. LEE, Mr. N ORCROSS , and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5153: Mr. BUCK, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 5188: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5233: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5241: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 5281: Mr. BUDDand Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 5306: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5339: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 5358: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 5384: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5429: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 5499: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. YODER , Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. H ECK, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 5524: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5561: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 5595: Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. WESTERMAN , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5602: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 5609: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. SIRES. H.R. 5621: Mr. CALVERT and Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H.R. 5671: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5697: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5713: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 5732: Mr. BOST. H.R. 5780: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. FITZPATRICK , and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . H.R. 5856: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 5885: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5924: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5945: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5949: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 5955: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 5988: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 6016: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 6037: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 6071: Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 6081: Mr. ABRAHAM and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 6086: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 6108: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 6137: Ms. JAYAPAL and Ms. S A´NCHEZ . H.R. 6145: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 6193: Mr. POLIS, Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6207: Mr. COHEN , Mr. R USSELL , and Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 6216: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 6217: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 6219: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 6227: Mr. DEFAZIO and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 6236: Ms. SHEAPORTER . 
H.R. 6251: Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 6275: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 6278: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 6294: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 6337: Mr. STEWART , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. LOVE, and Mr. B UDD. H.R. 6344: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6345: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia and Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 6354: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6360: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6364: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 6378: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 6379: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 6396: Ms. DELBENE. H.R. 6400: Mr. YOHO, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. N ORMAN, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. HANDEL , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 6417: Mr. RENACCI , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 6421: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. S CHNEI DER. H.R. 6426: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 6442: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 6449: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 6455: Mr. COHEN and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6459: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 6467: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 6468: Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 6469: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 6474: Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Ms. PINGREE . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. MATSUI . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. CALVERT . H. Res. 257: Mr. WITTMAN . H. Res. 274: Mr. COFFMAN . H. Res. 413: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. T HOMP SON of California, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. PETERS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. COSTA , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. M ENG, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. S MUCKER . H. Res. 518: Mr. FASO. H. Res. 766: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. K ING of New York. H. Res. 826: Mr. RUSSELL and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 864: Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H. Res. 869: Mr. HUFFMAN . H. Res. 932: Ms. DELAURO , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H. Res. 967: Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. CALVERT , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. F ASO, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. KINZINGER , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H. Res. 981: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H. Res. 983: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor ida. H. Res. 993: Ms. MENG, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. SUOZZI , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. S IRES, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. S ERRANO . H. Res. 1008: Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. K APTUR, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. C OOPER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. H IGGINS  of New York. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5227 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 24, 2018 No. 124 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 