Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Day of Silence, a day of silence to bring attention to the discrimination and harassment faced by our LGBT youth across our country. Eight out of ten LGBT students are harassed because of their sexual orientation or gender identity by the time they graduate from high school, students like Annie Hsu, at Santa Cruz High School in my district on the central coast of California, who has said that ‘‘we must be unafraid to stand up against marginalization.’’ This month, those of us on the LGBT Equality Caucus took that stand by introducing the Student NonDiscrimination Act. This bill would prohibit discrimination in public schools based on actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity, and it would protect students from the intimidation and violence they may receive. By standing up and speaking out, Annie and other LGBT students give us motivation to push forward and pass laws that will protect every student in every school across every community so that they are not afraid to be themselves. 
OPIOID USE DURING PREGNANCY (Mr. CURTIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the POPPY Study Act, which will improve research and awareness of opioid use disorder during pregnancy. The opioid epidemic is a national crisis and has hit particularly hard in Utah. Unfortunately, Utah’s drug overdose rate is ranked among the highest in the Nation. Six Utahns die every week from an opioid overdose. Sadly, Utah also has the highest rate of opioid prescriptions for pregnant mothers in the country, double the national average. Women have been disproportionately affected by the opioid epidemic, and little is understood about the effect this has had on pregnant women. That is why I have introduced the POPPY Study Act, to improve our understanding of prescription opioid use during pregnancy, the effects that it can have on a mother and child, and how we can best help those who are pregnant and suffering from opioid use disorder. It is my hope that the POPPY Study Act will improve the care and well being of our expecting mothers and their children. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF VEL PHILLIPS (Ms. MOORE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of a phenomenal woman, Vel Phillips, who hails from my hometown, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Vel Phillips passed away this month at the age of 95, but not before she led a phenomenal life. She was the first of so many things: the first African American and the first woman to become an alderman in the city of Milwaukee; the first African American to graduate from the University of WisconsinMadison; the first African American judge in Milwaukee County; the first and only African American to win election statewide. Members may have heard of Father James Groppi, who led 200 days of marches for open housing. That was in support of Vel Phillips’ open housing ordinance in the city of Milwaukee on the Common Council, where it was defeated, repeatedly, 18–1. That led to the signature of open housing legislation nationwide. She was the first Black person to serve on either the DNC or RNC. I hope the House will join me in honoring the great life of Vel Phillips. 
SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday marks the beginning of Small Business Week, where, as a nation, we come together to show support for the many risk takers, entrepreneurs, and momandpop shops that make America great. More than 99 percent of all businesses in the United States are classified as small businesses, and they are responsible for two out of every three jobs that are created in this country. That is why we often refer to small businesses as the backbone of the U.S. economy. Thankfully, the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has given a boost to these operations, which is directly translating into more jobs, better pay, and new investments and expansion across America. I have traveled all across the 15 parishes of my district, Mr. Speaker, over the last few months, and no matter where I go, our constituents tell us how the historic reform has helped them and all of our local momandpop shops. Hardworking Americans everywhere, from all walks of life, are reaping the benefits of our reforms, and the best is yet to come. So, for Small Business Week, which is next week, I want to thank all those who truly are the backbone of our economy. Keep up the good work, and we will continue to fight for you in Washington. f 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 839 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4. Will the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ) kindly take the chair. b0911 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, with Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, April 26, 2018, amendment No. 87 printed in House Report 115–650, offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ), had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 839, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 102, 103, 105, 106, 109, 111, 113, and 116 printed in part A of House Report 115–650, offered by Mr. SHUSTER of Pennsylvania: 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
OF MASSACHUSETTS  Page 273, line 12, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
OF NORTH CAROLINA  Page 297, line 12, insert ‘‘the Disaster Assistance Working Group of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency,’’ after ‘‘Development,’’. Page 297, line 22, insert ‘‘the Disaster Assistance Working Group of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency,’’ after ‘‘Development,’’. 
BLUMENAUER OF OREGON  Add at the end of title VI: 
AMENDMENT NO . 109 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  At the end of title VI (page 322, after line 24), add the following new section: 
CARTWRIGHT OF PENNSYLVANIA  Add at the end of the bill the following: TITLE IX—PREPAREDNESS AND RISK MANAGEMENT FOR EXTREME WEATHER PATTERNS ASSURING RESILIENCE AND EFFECTIVENESS 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Preparedness and Risk Management for Extreme Weather Patterns Assuring Resilience and Effectiveness Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘PREPARE Act of 2018’’. 
SUBMISSION .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget, upon receipt of all agency extreme weather plans in a given year, shall consolidate and submit to Congress such plans. 
Not later than 90 days after each meeting under section 907, each agency that participates in such meeting shall submit to the Interagency Council, and make available to the United States Global Change Research Program and the Federal Emergency Management Agency, information describing progress in regional coordination and collaboration in aligning Federal resilience, preparedness, and risk identification and management efforts at the State and local level, and the benefits of such regional coordination and collaboration. 
This title ceases to be effective and is repealed on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
COMSTOCK OF VIRGINIA  Beginning on page 331, strike line 13 and all that follows through page 332, line 1 (and redesignate any subsequent subsections accordingly). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I support considering these amendments en bloc, all of which have been approved by both the majority and minority. These Members put forward thoughtful amendments, and I am pleased to be able to support moving them en bloc. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I support the adoption of the amendments en bloc and recommend them to my colleagues, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 4, FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act, which is included in En Bloc Amendment Number Four. I.thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the House Committee on Rules for making this Jackson Lee Amendment in order. I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member DEFAZIO for their leadership in bringing the FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act to the House Floor for consideration. I am disappointed that the other Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act that addressed disaster recovery reform and offered improvements to commercial air transportation, were not made in order. I offered Jackson Lee Amendment No. 609 because of my experience with Hurricane Harvey. Over the years, Members of Congress, develop an extensive network of people we work with and those who may have need of legislative assistance. The storm and the catastrophic flooding that resulted from Hurricane Harvey put at risk thousands of people who needed help. The 911 emergency call centers serving the disaster area were inundated with thousands of calls for rescues. I am pleased to say that my office managed dozens of calls, which came to me and my staff from Houston residents seeking rescue or medical assistance. FEMA, the City of Houston and the State of Texas did exceptional work in the disaster response for Hurricane Harvey. There is no blame or fault, but valuable lessons that can be learned. There was no way to preprepare for Hurricane Harvey or Maria or Irma or any of the other major disaster events in 2017. What we can do is learn as much as possible and apply those lessons to future disaster response and recovery efforts. When there is an event, like Hurricane Harvey there are important and valuable lessons that can help us to meet future challenges. Harvey’s significance is the size of the impact zone and the level of flooding experienced. The ninecounty Houston metro area impacted by Hurricane Harvey covers 9,444 square miles, an area larger than five states, including New Hampshire, New Jersey and Connecticut. Harris County covers 1,778 square miles, enough space to fit New York City, Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago, Seattle, Austin and Dallas, with room still to spare. There was over 41,500 square miles of land mass impacted by Hurricane Harvey and the subsequent flooding that covered an area larger than the States of Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont combined. Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex. Harvey dropped 51.88 inches of rain near Cedar Bayou, in the City of Houston, and 52 inches in Nederland and nearby Groves Texas making this the highest rain totals ever recorded for a single U.S. weather event. At its peak on September 1, 2017, onethird of Houston was underwater. At the peak on August 31, there were 34,575 evacuees in shelters across Texas. Hurricane Harvey is the largest housing disaster to strike the U.S. in our nation’s history. Hurricane Harvey damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were destroyed. On April 17, 2018, 2,585 families are still in hotel rooms in hotels because of Hurricane Harvey. Thousands of others with severe damage to their homes continue to live with family or friends. 889,425 people have registered for assistance with the Federal Emergency Management Agency. There are families including small children and the elderly living in mold infested or guttedout homes. The Jackson Lee Amendment made in order for consideration of H.R. 4, provides for a GAO report 240 days following enactment on longterm recovery efforts following Hurricane Andrew, September 11, 2001, Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Ike, and Hurricane Sandy to better inform the Congress when catastrophic events occur that may require long term recovery planning. My amendment is the first step to determine how best to stress test FEMA for capacity and competence to respond to several major disaster at the same time. Disasters like Harvey, Maria, Jose, Sandy, Ike, and September 11, 2018 are exemplars of the most challenging and catastrophic events in our nation’s modern history. These disasters will or have taken years to recovery from, which classifies them as long term recovery events. We need to learn from our past to better secure our future should our nation face similar challenges. This Jackson Lee Amendment would ensure that we learn and benefit from these tragic events so that we might be better prepared for future challenges. The amendment will provide GAO report that will: define a federal disaster longterm recovery, define the stages of a longterm recovery, and report on the competence and capacity of FEMA to manage 2 or more major disasters of the magnitude exemplified—simultaneously. Further, the GAO will report on lessons that may be applied to future longterm disaster recovery efforts. The GAO will also report on what existing authority granted to FEMA to advise and make recommendations to the President regarding Presidential Disaster Declarations which may be instructive regarding a Presidential long term recovery disaster declaration. Another Jackson Lee Amendment to the Disaster Recovery Reform component of the bill, but which was not made in order would have made permanent the FEMA Office of Response and Recovery, which currently exists but is not codified by law. In 2017, starting on August 25, when Hurricane Harvey struck Texas, on September 6, 
when Hurricane Irma lashed the U.S. Virgin Islands, on September 9, when Hurricane Jose smashed into Puerto Rico, and Hurricane Irma moved over the Florida Keys, and on September 20, when Hurricane Maria took aim at Puerto Rico; FEMA had to respond to each disaster and engage in sustained recovery efforts that will in the cases of Texas and Puerto Rico last for years. Hurricane Harvey broke a rainfall record for a single tropical storm with more than 4 feet of rain. Puerto Rico is still mired in attempting to recover from the longest blackout in U.S. history after Hurricane Maria struck many months ago. More than 1,000 are estimated to have died in Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Maria and its aftermath. Following the hurricanes came California’s most destructive and largest wildfire season ever. The Tubbs Fire in Northern California killed 22 people and damaged more than 5,600 structures. Last year was also the thirdhottest year on record. San Francisco reported its highest temperature ever, 106 degrees Fahrenheit, while other parts of the country set records for hightemperature streaks. For states like Arizona and South Carolina, 2017 was the warmest year ever. 14 places across Oklahoma, Missouri, and Arkansas reported recordhigh water levels during floods in April and May. In 2017, requests for federal disaster aid jumped tenfold compared to 2016, with 4.7 million people registering with the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Last year will go down in the record books for many reasons, destructive hurricanes, wildfires, mudslides, and droughts struck leaving death and destruction. Every place in this nation has one or more vulnerability to floods, damaging storms, wildfires, earthquakes, volcanic activity, or earth movement—such as mudslides. FEMA is the nation’s premier organization that must respond to catastrophes at a moment’s notice. This Jackson Lee Amendment will allow Congress to develop better situational awareness on FEMA’s role in disaster response especially when there may be multiple disasters putting demand on limited agency resources that require longterm recovery planning. Thank you for this opportunity to explain my amendment and I ask for bipartisan support for this Jackson Lee Amendment included in En Bloc Four. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment which helps to ensure that communities ravaged by wildfires, including the recent October fires, get the help they need to recover. Last year, we saw the worst fire season in California history. The October fires alone included 21 major fires that were fought by 11,000 firefighters burning nearly 245,000 acres. Those fires forced 100,000 people to evacuate and destroyed 8,900 homes and structures. Tragically, 44 people lost their lives. The City of Santa Rosa is located in my district and was hit especially hard by the October fires with over 3,000 homes and businesses destroyed. In the Fountaingrove neighborhood, north of downtown, the contamination in the water system that resulted directly from the fire melting the plastic water lines and appurtenances servicing 350 homes, must be replaced due to ongoing contamination of benzene, a toxic organic chemical. As our communities move forward on the long road to recovery, we are finding that the needs of suburban and urban communities impacted by devastating wildfires don’t always fit neatly into some of FEMA’s current rules and regulations, which seem geared towards hurricane and flooding response and mitigation. Issues as simple as whether or not FEMA should cover the costs of removing standing burned trees or replacing water systems, like the one in Fountaingrove that was contaminated as a result of the October fires, are not so simple. My amendment provides FEMA with the capability and authority to mitigate these issues by explicitly stating that FEMA hazard mitigation funding can be used to remove standing, burned trees and replacing water systems damaged and/or contaminated by wildfires. I appreciate House leadership working with my office to include this amendment in the en bloc so that we advance this issue and I look forward to continuing to work with them to ensure that my district’s fire recovery needs are being met. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 104 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 294, strike lines 5 through 8, and insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, in the aftermath of disasters, billions and billions of dollars in claims are often worked out between local governments, State governments, and FEMA. In many cases, because disasters are inherently unpredictable, volatile, and folks are doing what they need to do to help their communities recover and address these urgent needs, in some cases, not every i is dotted, not every t is crossed. These minor issues often become obstacles to these communities being reimbursed and their ability to recover. FEMA has an appeals process, Mr. Chairman. In that appeals process, you basically have FEMA reviewing FEMA. I don’t think that that is the appropriate approach. Section 618 of the underlying bill has an arbitration process, but that arbitration process has other Homeland Security officials reviewing the work of Homeland Security. There was a better model that was used after the 2005 disasters whereby an outside board that exists, the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals, which is an independent body, was brought in to help review some of these appeals that local and State governments brought forth to the Corps of Engineers. b0915 It was a better approach. It provided for more thorough evaluation and, again, the independence of having an outside entity review this. Our amendment simply improves upon the existing arbitration process in section 618 of the bill. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work on this legislation. I think it is very important, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Obviously, the gentleman has had significant experience with these problems in his part of the world that I think are somewhat unique, and I can also understand we want to expedite the review of people’s claims. The major concerns we have are, one, that it appears, under the wording, that there would be no timeframe. So 20, 30 years after a disaster, someone could come in and file for arbitration. And secondly, by lowering the cost to any project that is $100,000, we have no idea what the scope of that would be or how many appeals that might generate. But I think the general idea about using the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals does have merit to expedite citizens’ claims against the government agency. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member, and I would like to thank the committee also for including the PREPARE Act in the en bloc package. I would also like to thank Congressman LANCE for being my partner on the PREPARE Act for the past two Congresses and Congressmen WEBSTER , SANFORD , and M EADOWS  for being cosponsors and supporters of my amendment, the PREPARE Act. I would also like to thank the over 50 outside organizations, companies, and think tanks that have supported the PREPARE Act. Finally, I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Congressman G OWDY  for passing the PREPARE Act out of the T&I and OGR committees, respectively. Extreme weather is expensive. Last year the public and private sector saw a combined $300 billion in damages from major extreme weather events. Congress had to spend an extra $120 billion in disaster supplemental appropriations so we could get our disaster ravaged communities back on their feet. And from our infrastructure to our defense, our public buildings to our supply chains, the Federal Government itself has an enormous amount of assets that are vulnerable to extreme weather events. I have been working for 5 years to build upon commonsense GAO recommendations to help our Federal Government and our Nation better prepare for extreme weather events. This amendment will save lives and will save money by helping get our government coordinated, improve planning, and facilitate a better working relationship with State and local officials. We know extreme weather events are happening more frequently, and they are causing more damage. We owe our citizens better planning, better engagement, and a better response. In passing the PREPARE Act, the House of Representatives is taking a responsible, important step in that direction. I thank the gentleman again for including this amendment in the en bloc package. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to make note that I do appreciate my friend from Oregon’s comments, and I appreciate his sensitivity to timelines. But that is what this amendment addresses: timelines. In many cases, our local government simply cannot continue to carry these debts and not get reimbursed. In regard to the amount of money, perhaps $100,000 is not a lot of money to the city of Portland, but I am going to guess to the city of Coos Bay it may be important. In regard to the details of the amendment, Mr. Chairman, I am from Louisiana. If the gentleman from Oregon can help us make this even better, then I would be happy to work with him on that. But I think this is very, very important. Access to due process is important. The existing process does not allow supplemental material to be considered to respond to concerns that were raised by agency officials. This is a good model. It has proven effective in the past, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the remainder of my time. I will say to the gentleman that my staff tells me they did contact his staff, they did express concerns. They said: Thank you for your concerns. And then, next thing we knew, the amendments were filed. And then she still said: We’d be happy to work with you. And we get no response. I think there may be kind of a staff issue going on here. Again, I have some concerns about, particularly, the unlimited time to apply and other details, perhaps. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 107 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 107 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) shall retroactively reimburse State and local units of government (for a period of 3 years after the declaration of a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170)) upon determination that a locallyimplemented housing solution, implemented by State or local units of government, costs 50 percent of comparable FEMA solution or whatever the locallyimplemented solution costs, whichever is lower. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, this amendment, once again, is a bipartisan amendment. My good friends Congressman CEDRIC RICHMOND , Congressman G ENEGREEN , Congressman RALPH ABRAHAM , Congressman CLAY HIGGINS , and Congressman BRIAN BABIN are all supporters of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, this is a very simple amendment. Following our August 2016 floods in south Louisiana, FEMA came in and provided housing solutions. The solutions included the utilization of trailers. Because FEMA needs an acronym for everything, they were called MHUs, mobile housing units. When you added up the cost to purchase, transport, store, and set up these things, FEMA was in the hole anywhere from $120,000 to $170,000 per pop. Mr. Chairman, you could buy these same units right there in the vicinity of the flood from local trailer dealers for anywhere from $28,000 to I think the highest cost we saw was about $40,000, including setup. It doesn’t take a rocket scientist, Mr. Chairman, to realize that you could get it faster and you are helping to revive the local economy by using local solutions, as opposed to the case when FEMA is doing this, when it took months and months and months to give people even a single housing option in some cases. So what this amendment does is it simply says that, if a local entity, a local government entity, if a State entity, can provide a housing solution for 50 percent of the cost, or less, as compared to the alternative that FEMA provides, then they can be reimbursed. Mr. Chairman, this is faster. It saves taxpayer dollars. It stops this fleecing of American taxpayers that is occurring in the aftermath of disasters. Specifically, Mr. Chairman, in Livingston Parish, Sheriff Jason Ard: his deputies were flooded. Literally, families didn’t have anywhere to go. They had looting in the parish. The sheriff stepped up, established mobile housing units, trailers, for his deputies to live in so they didn’t have to worry about their families anymore, so they could get back to doing what they were supposed to be doing: enforcing law in these destroyed communities. And FEMA is rejecting them. We have tried to work through the administrative process. I will say it again: the only way they are reimbursed is if the cost of their solution was 50 percent or less than that of the Federal Government alternative, in regard to the mobile housing units. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, as I look at the drafting—and, again, my staff says they did reach out to your staff—I am confused when you get to the 50 percent part, whether it would have to be exactly 50 percent or otherwise. I agree, and I think that it would be good to push for more flexibility. For instance, I have a manufacturer of yurts in my district which are used in many places around the world as temporary housing. The military uses them, and others. I was approached by someone representing Airbnb about vacant houses they had, vacation homes in Puerto Rico, that could have been 
used when they were saying there was absolutely no housing for any emergency workers anywhere. And certainly there could be lower cost alternatives. I still remember when FEMA, I think it was under the Bush administration, bought a bunch of trailers that couldn’t be used because they had some of that crappy Chinese formaldehyde exuding wallboard in them, and they were not habitable. We are still importing that junk from China, by the way. So I agree they could be much more flexible. I think this amendment, again, as written, is problematic, but I certainly agree with the intent of the amendment to look at other lower cost alternatives. However, they should meet at least some minimal standards for sanitary facilities and other things. So I, again, have concerns about the drafting. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the distinguished ranking member and the manager of this fourth en bloc and rise to support the Jackson Lee amendment that has been included in the en bloc legislation. And I am thankful to Mr. DEFAZIO and the chairman for that. My amendment, made in order, deals with a GAO report of 240 days following any disaster, a longterm recovery efforts plan. These disasters are examples of the most challenging and catastrophic events in our Nation. And I am reminded of August 2018 in Houston, Texas. Hurricane Harvey has been defined as the singular most catastrophic incident and natural disaster in the continental United States. We are still suffering. People are still in hotels, still without their homes. So to the list of longterm recovery experiences, this GAO study would have us learn a lot. We need to learn from our past to do better to secure our future. This GAO report would define the Federal disaster longterm recovery, define the stages of a longterm recovery, and report on the competence and capacity of FEMA to manage two or more disasters of the magnitude that happened at the same time. I do want to take note of the fact that my amendment that did not authorize the FEMA Office of Response and Recovery was not made in order. I look forward to introducing legislation that would respond to that. I am also concerned that two amendments dealing with the endangered species the Rules Committee did not make in order. In this time, I believe it is time to stand up to protect our endangered species. One of my amendments had to do with trophy products coming across on international airways; and the other was, as airports are built— and many are built in wetlands—for those who are building those airports to collaborate with a number of agencies to address the question of protecting the endangered species. We live on this Earth with the wonderment of this Earth, and those include our wonderful animals, many of them endangered. And I believe the episode with Cecil the lion recognizes that we must protect our endangered species. I would hope going forward I would have the opportunity, at some time, to debate on the floor of the House the value of protecting our endangered species. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I am sure the gentlewoman from Texas would be supportive of this, representing many of the flood victims from Hurricane Harvey. It is important to keep in mind, Mr. Chairman, that, in many cases, these flood victims don’t have other options. So you may have a trailer from your local trailer dealership; you may have a tent. In many cases, that is very attractive compared to being homeless. I would love to work with the gentleman from Oregon and see if we can work together to perfect this amendment to address any concerns that he may have. In regard to the Chinese formaldehyde, I agree with you. If we can get good old American formaldehyde in our trailers, let’s do that. I am kidding. But I urge adoption of the amendment. I think this is very important. We should be commending leaders like Sheriff Ard for stepping up and providing efficient solutions for disaster survivors. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I look forward to working with the gentleman. Just on the issue of the formaldehyde: we have laws and standards in this country still, despite Mr. Pruitt, that regulate the amount of formaldehyde that can be put into plywood. I have many people in my district who make plywood without using formaldehyde glues, and the Chinese put in massive amounts of formaldehyde glue, do not meet our standards, but we don’t enforce or prohibit the importation, though we are about to file a case on that issue to prohibit them poisoning the American people. So that is another subject for another day. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. b0930 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 108 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 108 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to state, in response to the formaldehyde issue, let me be very clear, formaldehyde was a major issue after Hurricane Katrina in the trailers. We certainly learned from that, and we absolutely don’t need anyone exposed to it. So I absolutely agree with the gentleman on that. But I think there have been better standards, and certainly lessons learned, from what we experienced with Hurricane Katrina when folks were in these trailers for long periods of time, and they weren’t designed for that purpose, so I do agree with the gentleman there. But on this amendment, Mr. Chairman, let me be clear, this is, once again, a bipartisan amendment. We have the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ), the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CRIST), and other cosponsors, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN), all supporting this amendment because it is common sense and it responds to true ontheground problems that were seen in the aftermath of disasters. What happens is the current law in the Stafford Act says that any time you have a flood, if you have a facility like a school, that FEMA may deduct $500,000 from the recovery for rebuilding that school. Well, what FEMA has done is they have taken the law that Congress established where it said ‘‘per facility,’’ and they have taken it and they have abused it. They have now determined that a facility is an individual building. So, Mr. Chairman, you may have a classroom building, you may have a cafeteria, you may have another classroom building, you may have a gymnasium, you may have a storage room, you may have a concession stand—in that case, FEMA is applying $500,000 to each individual building. Now, what adds insult to injury or makes this situation untenable is the fact that these schools generate the revenue oftentimes from property taxes in the destroyed community. So they are losing property taxes, FEMA is hitting them with bills, in some cases, in Ascension, Livingston, and East Baton Rouge Parishes, that are tens of millions of dollars each. What this does is it victimizes the survivors’ children. So the kids 
can’t get back in schools because the schools can’t afford to reestablish their facilities. So, look, bottom line is, this is all about preserving congressional intent. Congress spoke on this. FEMA has trashed the interpretation, and this is all about preserving congressional intent and getting our kids back in schools to where they can have the education or opportunities that they need to have, and they should no longer be further victimized by FEMA’s flawed interpretation of the law. I urge adoption of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I have to say, I have read the amendment, and I can’t quite follow it, my staff can’t quite follow it, the gentleman’s staff couldn’t quite explain it. The gentleman has explained it in a way that this language may or may not reflect. FEMA has said they don’t understand it. They may well be doing something regarding public facilities that is not following the intent of the law, but again, I am not certain about this as the solution. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, once again, I am more than happy to work with my friend from Oregon to address any concerns that he may have to ensure that we have the best solution on this moving forward. I will tell you that Republicans and Democrats in Florida, in Texas, in Puerto Rico, in the Virgin Islands, all across these disaster areas that we have experienced in the last 2 years are running into this exact same problem. And let me just reiterate, Mr. Chairman, what this interpretation, this flawed interpretation is doing. It is putting an unaffordable bill before a community that has been destroyed, and it is only victimizing children because they can’t get back in their schools, they can’t resume their education. It is disrupting the resumption of their normal lives and just further affecting them, and delaying restoration and recovery of these communities. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 110 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 110 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of title VI, insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment has bipartisan support, the support of my colleagues from Louisiana, who have also been hit hard by hurricanes, Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. GRAVES , and I am from Texas. Your word is your bond in the State of Texas, and I would hope that everyone here in Congress or across this great country would want to say the same thing about their own State. Credibility, trust, and keeping your promise is always important, but especially in times of disaster and crisis. And when Federal agencies like FEMA are called in to help communities ravaged by a natural disaster, we should expect nothing less. Anyone who has ever experienced a federally declared disaster knows that after ensuring the immediate health and safety needs of those who are affected, the top priority is to get the hazardous and dangerous storm damage cleaned up. As long as tree limbs, trash, and other debris remain in the streets, things cannot get back to normal, and they are a health and safety hazard. Kids cannot go back to schools, restaurants and shops can’t open for business, the economy is at a standstill. And so when a FEMA employee, like a technical assistance contractor, or TAC, lays out a path for a mayor, a county judge, a county commissioner, or any other State or local official to get the federally funded debris removal process under way, they can and should be counted on to honor their commitment and their responsibility. My amendment will ensure that that will be the case by holding FEMA accountable to the promises made and the contracts authorized by its own employees. Under my amendment, if a local government entity can show and the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General can certify that a local government was acting at the direction and the consultation of a FEMA technical assistance contractor regarding disaster relief efforts, government bureaucrats here in Washington cannot simply change their minds a few years down the road and decide to foot the locals with the bill. So while this amendment is certainly about fairness, equity, and certainty for local governments, it is also about accountability for Federal officials. FEMA officials will know that the advice and the recommendations that they offer actually matter. Local officials will rest assured knowing that the contracts and work that they are doing is valid and reimbursable. This means getting disasterdamaged municipalities up and running sooner, shortening the timeframe that their citizens and businesses need Federal assistance, and save taxpayer money. I urge all of my colleagues to help ensure that our government can be trusted to do what they say it will by supporting this bipartisan amendment and the underlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. AMODEI ). The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I have in my district office something called the ‘‘casework staff.’’ We do have disasters in Oregon, particularly floods. And we have had instances, apparently like the one that this legislation is trying to address, where we have gotten these improper decisions reversed and my communities reimbursed, handled by my casework staff. Here, we are going to legislate. Now, apparently, there was a problem in the gentleman’s district. Too bad his casework staff didn’t take care of it. But the way this is written, here is the language: ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, FEMA shall deem any covered disaster assistance to have been properly procured, provided, and utilized, and shall restore any funding of covered disaster assistance previously provided but subsequently withdrawn or deobligated.’’ It isn’t specific to the gentleman’s problem. This would be any community, anybody anywhere who might have legitimately misspent some disaster assistance, gets it back. This is so global. We might as well just not have a process to review disaster assistance and see whether it was properly spent, because this says, if you have got it and you spent it, that is all proper. I mean, it is deemed—deemed that every expenditure is legitimate, even if the money was diverted somehow. 
So, again, I am not certain who the other side is using for drafting assistance, but I recommend leg counsel. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Oregon’s opinion, but, remember that this is an inspector general’s. They have to pass on this. This is not just a mistake. All the T’s were crossed. All the I’s were dotted. The Babin amendment protects our communities because it requires FEMA to keep its word. Under current practice, a local community can follow all of the FEMA rules and restore your community after a disaster, but then, years later, FEMA can come back and say: Oops, we know we told you to do it that way and we personally approved and reimbursed you for every bill that you sent to FEMA; oh, but we did it wrong. We know that you did exactly what we told you to do; however, we should have told you something differently. Please pay us $3 million. I think that this is not just pertinent to District 36 in the State of Texas that was hit by a hurricane years ago. This is pertinent to every district across this country that will be suffering from a disaster sooner or later. Anyone who has a FEMA disaster this year or next, will no doubt be here on the floor in the future to offer this very same amendment. Please join me today in passing our amendment, and let’s make FEMA keep its word. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 112 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I have offered this amendment whenever the opportunity presents itself because it tests whether there is any program in the Federal budget that Congress can bear to cut. Essential Air Service is perhaps the least essential program in the entire government. It is a direct subsidy paid to airline companies to fly empty and near empty planes from small airports to regional hubs nearby. There was supposed to be a temporary program to allow local communities and airports to readjust to airline deregulation in 1978. Instead, it has grown to include 173 communities and a program that has doubled in cost in the last decade. I want to emphasize, this program has nothing to do with emergency medical evacuations. It solely subsidizes regular scheduled commercial service that is so seldom used that it cannot support itself. And why can’t it support itself? In many cases, the small airports in the program are less than an hour’s drive from regional airports. Essential Air Service flights are flown out of Merced Airport near my district in the Sierra Nevada of California; yet, Merced is less than an hour’s drive from Fresno Regional Airport, offering regular scheduled commercial air service. Subsidized service is available from Lancaster, Pennsylvania, just 31 miles from Harrisburg International Airport. Subsidized flights from Pueblo, Colorado, are just a 45minute drive from Colorado Springs Regional Airport, and I could go on and on. There are supposed to be subsidy caps of $200 per passenger and a minimum of 10 passengers per day, and yet, every request to waive these requirements has been granted—every one—for passenger subsidies that can go as high as nearly $1,000 per passenger. Now, by comparison, you can charter a small plane for around $150 to $200 an hour. b0945 Over the next 5 years, this program will cost taxpayers nearly $1 billion in direct appropriations, which this amendment would cease. The program also gets another $100 million a year from overflight fees that would otherwise be available to fund high priorities in the aviation system, like 21st century air traffic control technology. The argument for abolishing this program is simple: if a route cannot generate enough passengers to support its costs, that means that passengers themselves are telling us that it is not worth the money to them. Perhaps we should listen. Our country is drowning in debt. It now costs us $475 billion a year just to pay interest costs on the $21 trillion that we have already borrowed. Debt and taxes are driven by one thing: spending. In the last 10 years, inflation and population combined have grown 26 percent. Revenues have more than kept pace, growing 29 percent in the same period; but spending has grown 46 percent, and it has doubled under this program. If we don’t get control of spending soon, our Nation could enter a debt spiral that threatens our very future; and the Orwelliannamed Essential Air Service is a prime example of nonessential programs that we just can’t afford. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman pointed out, Essential Air Service, to ensure that all Americans have access to something that is critical to economic development and, basically, livability for many smaller isolated communities, is paid for out of the trust fund. The trust fund is composed of fees paid by the airlines, by passengers, and by foreign airlines overflying the United States of America. This doesn’t add to the debt, unlike this tax bill we passed. I know that the six largest banks in America saw a $4 billion windfall in tax cuts in onequarter. It is projected they will have a $20 billion windfall by the end of the year. We are going to borrow $20 billion to give to profitable banks, including Wells Fargo, that just paid a $1 billion fine. Now they are getting the money back because we gave them a tax break. But he is concerned about the debt and the deficit, so we have got to screw the small communities in America and take away their air service. I think there are better ways to deal with our debt and deficit, and this doesn’t add to it because it is paid for out of the trust fund. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the committee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s attempts and work to try to decrease the deficits and the debt in this country, but Essential Air Service is just that. He named a few communities, and they are close to—I guess I can’t make a great argument about those, but there are places like Alaska, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, or Iowa. These folks are living miles and miles, hours and hours away—several hours, in many cases—from the nearest airport. As Mr. DEFAZIO pointed out, this connects those communities for economic development. The other thing, he makes a point, as a conservative, when you pay user fees into a trust fund and it goes to that intended purpose—in this case, a small piece of that goes to Essential Air Service—that is what we should be doing in America: people that use something are contributing to that service or whatever that government agency is providing them. Again, under the bill, in 2012, we put reforms in to reform Essential Air Service; and, this bill, the underlying bill, directs the GAO to study and find out the effects of those reforms. So, again, while I support and applaud the gentleman’s efforts to help get the debt under control, this is not the place to start. Mr. Chairman, I urge rejection of this amendment. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment. I am acutely attuned to concerns about fiscal responsibility. While Congress has struggled with fiscal concerns, the consistent attacks on the critical EAS program demonstrate a complete lack of concern for the realities of life across rural America. Supporters of this amendment claim that, in many cases, an alternative airport is a short drive away. This incorrectly assumes that pointtopoint miles on a map are the same as road miles. The truth is that EAS is a vital economic engine that remains just as important today as when it was created. It supports economic development in small and rural communities by connecting businesses to larger markets. Page, Arizona, in my district, is just one example of the need for this type of critical infrastructure. The challenges are real, but so is the promise in Page. Taking away vital EAS dollars at a time when Page and places like it all over the country are trying to attract business and capital would be devastating and undermine the critical work being done. Let’s work to support these communities, not exasperate the stark economic disparities in rural America. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject this shortsighted amendment. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, three points: First, these amendments don’t cut the fee support, only the $1 billion in direct taxpayer subsidies that would be paid into this program over the next 5 years. Under the socalled reforms referenced by the chairman, this program has doubled in cost over the past decade, and all Americans do not benefit from this program. Let’s take the remote communities, like those in Alaska. This program subsidizes 61 small communities in a State with 259 airports. That means there are roughly 200 airports and 350 local communities in Alaska, alone, that seem to do just fine without Essential Air Service. If Alaska or any State believes that air service should be subsidized within their State, they certainly have the ability to do it themselves. So do individual towns. The States choose not to pay for the service; the local communities choose not to pay for the service; and, most importantly, the passengers, themselves, choose not to pay the actual cost of the service. Perhaps as we approach $1 trillion annual deficit, we should consider choosing not to pay for it either. We hear that it helps prop up small airports and small airlines that service them. Well, sure, if you hand somebody wads of cash, that person does very well. The problem is that the people you took that cash from do very poorly to exactly the same extent. A $275 million program out of a $4 trillion Federal budget seems like a drop in the bucket, and I agree we are not going to balance a $1 trillion annual deficit just by cutting programs like this. But if we can’t cut a 40year old temporary program that has doubled in cost over the last 10 years—this is the kindest and easiest cut of all— then I fear that we will never summon the courage to get our budget back to balance before we bankrupt our country. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMP SON). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. We have been down this road before, and yet, again, we are witnessing attempts to remove rural America’s connectivity to the national air transportation system. Those who would look to scrap the Essential Air Service program often fail to acknowledge reforms that have been put in place to modernize and streamline the program. This reauthorization does the same. Mr. Chairman, for too long, rural America has received the scraps of our suburban and urban counterparts. Last year, the Airport Improvement Program, another program, not the Essential Air Service, issued more than $264 million in grants to 95 airports in 31 States. Among them, $2 million was issued for Sacramento International Airport in Sacramento, California, to purchase five zeroemission electric shuttle buses to take passengers between the airport parking lots and the terminal buildings. Mr. Chairman, these types of projects are nice, but the fact is that $2 million is about equal to the amount a small rural airport requires for commercial service for 2 years. Let’s get serious here. Striking the Essential Air Service program is bad for rural America. It is time to stop the witch hunt on rural America. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 114 printed in part A of House Report 115–650. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 267, after line 10, insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 839, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, this is a very simple amendment to establish a national standard of care for hiring freight shippers. This is purely and simply about highway safety, and everything carried on planes, of course, goes to and from on our highways. Currently, there is no law that requires freight brokers or others to have any sort of standard when hiring a carrier for a shipment. Under this amendment, a broker or other entity would be deemed to have acted in a reasonable and prudent manner if they made sure the carrier met these three requirements: One, authorization to operate by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration; Two, the minimum insurance coverage required by Federal law; and Three, that the carrier had no current Federal unsatisfactory safety fitness determination. This amendment does not prohibit or limit in any way any type of lawsuit, and, in fact, a lawyer could show that a broker or a company had acted in an 
unreasonable manner if they did not comply with this hiring standard. This amendment would actually help trial lawyers by giving them stronger grounds to sue brokers who did not comply with this standard and tried to get cheaper rates by using unsafe or uninsured carriers. This amendment would also make it less likely that a person or a company that hired a safe, legal motor carrier would be held liable for an accident that happened through no fault of their own. This amendment also will help make it far less likely that unregistered, uninsured, unsafe freight carriers get any business in this country in the future. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, there is a problem here, and the problem actually is the Department of Transportation. They launched a new carrier monitoring system known as CSA to make data available, but they have yet to establish a test and apply that data. So even though the data is available, the Republicans have adopted amendments—other Republicans who are here today—that prohibit DOT from finalizing a safety fitness determination rule. So there is data out there, but there is no bright line test. The best relief that we could provide would be to force DOT, in the very near future, to issue a safety fitness ruling as soon as possible and also raise the minimum insurance requirement— $750,000, it has been that since 1980. It doesn’t cover much in a truck accident. We want to have people be able to get legal recourse and compensation, but we also don’t want to give the brokers an impossible task, which is what they have now: How do they choose someone who meets the safety fitness requirements that the administration has yet to promulgate and Congress is preventing them from promulgating? Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Chairman, on June 1, 2011, Sal and Helen Sparich were sitting in traffic in Tamaqua in northeastern Pennsylvania when, suddenly, without warning, a loaded tractortrailer rammed into them from behind, cutting their car in half, killing Helen instantly and debilitating and giving horrible, severe, grievous injuries to Sal Sparich. He ended up spending the next 15 months in the hospital, and then he died. He left $1 million in medical bills, which Medicare had to pay for. What we know about this accident is that the driver of the tractortrailer had a horrible driving record. The company, the flybynight independent contractor trucking company that he worked for, had an insanely bad safety record, and it was one that anybody could have discovered by going on the safety website because there were flashing yellow icons next to the name of that company. b1000 But the broker and the shipper in this case didn’t care, Mr. Chair. They didn’t check. They can’t care about the safety record, about the driving record. The only thing they checked was who had the lowest price. The only thing they cared about was who had the lowest price. Mr. Chair, we Americans care about personal responsibility and accountability. It is something we teach our children. This is an amendment that would take away accountability and responsibility for the brokers and shippers. This is a longstanding, timehonored part of American law that brokers and shippers are responsible and accountable for picking safe companies and safe drivers. This amendment would take that away, it would make American roadways much more dangerous because of this exact type of situation. Mr. Chair, I oppose the amendment. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chair, Americans really shouldn’t care that much about this Duncan amendment if they don’t go on the highway; but if you go on the highway, like hundreds of millions of Americans do, you better watch out, because this amendment makes it far more likely that there will be reckless and negligent truckers on the road and that you won’t be able to sue for your damages if they smash up your car. Take the shocking case of a 19year old man whose car was totaled by a truck driver who was high on crystal meth. He was left injured and blinded for the rest of his life. Now, the truck company never drug tested or road tested its employees, but that didn’t stop the shipper from hiring that trucking company to do business with. Now, the Duncan amendment would reward the shipper by immunizing it from any liability for hiring a lowroad trucker that doesn’t drug test its employees, or even knowingly hires employees who are high on crystal meth or who have a drug problem. This would give the shippers even greater incentive to hire reckless and negligent truckers, making our roads and highways all the more dangerous. In ‘‘Born to Run’’, Bruce Springsteen talks about cars that are suicide machines and a deathtrap. Mr. Chair, this amendment would make that vision of our highways the law. There is no way that the American people support excusing shippers from liability for their decision to hire low road truckers, lowroad trucking companies that do not drug test or do background screening on their employees. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the committee. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s amendment. It does remove the confusion with the industry stakeholders, but the hysteria that the other side is proclaiming, that roadways are going to become a slaughterhouse because if this goes away or it is clarified, truckers are just going to be out there running into people left or right, I mean, it is ridiculous. It is not a good business model for any company to want to have an incentive, which the other side has, I think, said, to hire unsafe drivers. That is not a good business model. In fact, you will go out of business, most likely, if you go out there and hire drivers who are bad drivers, dangerous drivers. The facts don’t bear that out. Of the auto accidents that include trucks in it, over 75 percent of them are not the trucker’s fault, it is the person in the car’s fault. Truckers are professionals, and to have impugned this whole class of people, this whole group of people that go out on these roadways and work hard every day and try to do it as safely as they can, is just plain wrong. Again, as I said, truckers are professionals. Seventyfive percent of those accidents that truckers are involved in, it is not their fault. We continue to hype up and to put these things out there for, again, another class of worker out there, and that is the trial lawyers. They make millions and millions of dollars going out there and suing these people that, again, do their best every day to try to be safe on the roadways. So, again, this is a sensible amendment, this clarifies it, and it helps to make our roadways safer, not more dangerous. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption, and I thank the gentleman again for yielding. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I will simply say this: neither of the cases cited by the opposition would be stopped under this amendment. In fact, this amendment would make it more likely that freight brokers would be required to hire safe, insured carriers for their shipments, so it would make the highways safer. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment. It is an amendment about fairness and justice, because all lawyers—I was a plaintiff’s lawyer before I came to Congress, and I have supported 
the trial lawyers in every way possible in my 30 years here, but I can tell you, no lawyers want people sued who have done nothing whatsoever wrong in a case. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BACON ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee will be postponed. The Chair understands that amendment No. 115 will not be offered. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCANof Tennessee) having assumed the chair, Mr. BACON , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
b1040 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) at 10 o’clock and 40 minutes a.m. 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 839 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) kindly resume the chair. b1041 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 114 printed part A of House Report 115–650, offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ), had been postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part A of House Report 115– 650 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 112 by Mr. MCCLINTOCK of California; Amendment No. 114 by Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 113, noes 293, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cooper Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Ferguson Flores Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gohmert Goodlatte Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Handel Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson, Sam Jordan Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Massie McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Norman Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Polis Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Ross Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Zeldin NOES—293 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Comer Comstock Connolly Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Butterfield Denham Gowdy Harper Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1106 Messrs. CAPUANO, MARINO, Ms. GRANGER, Mr. COOK, Mmes. TORRES and LOVE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. CHABOT, ISSA, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. HIMES, SMITH of Missouri, PETERS, WALBERG, ABRAHAM, GALLAGHER, CARTER of Georgia, and ARRINGTON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 212, noes 191, not voting 25, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—25 
Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Butterfield Cleaver Denham Gowdy Harper Huffman Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Marchant Noem Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1112 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. GUTHRIE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 839, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. I am opposed, in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Vela´zquez moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end of title VI of the bill, add the following new section: 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, 2017 was a year of historic disasters. We saw category 5 hurricanes, devastating floods, and wildfires that covered hundreds of miles. For the towns and communities in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, Louisiana, California, Texas, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, they continue to struggle with what once would have been considered a oncein alifetime disaster. My motion will help these communities right now. It will do so by waiving the local matching requirements for FEMA assistance for those affected by Irma, Harvey, Maria, and the wildfires out west. This is critical because many States like Florida and Georgia did not have dedicated disaster funds set aside to pay for such requirements. The result is that these disasters will require States to dip into their operating budgets, meaning less money for roads, business investment, healthcare, and schools. In addition, many communities hit by these disasters are struggling financially as businesses close, homes are rebuilt, and many individuals leave for good. This reshuffling of economic fortunes creates massive financial stress. It is in our power to help these towns and cities, whether they are in Georgia, Florida, Texas, Louisiana, the U.S. Virgin Islands, or Puerto Rico. Take Port Aransas, just outside Corpus Christi. It used to have 4,000 residents but now only has 3,000, a decline of 25 percent. Its hotels should be packed with college students on spring break, but 33 percent are vacant. Why? Because they are still rebuilding, struggling to be ready for what should be the most financially important part of this season. These areas and places like Galveston, Texas; Lake Charles, Louisiana; or Isle of Palms in South Carolina must come up with millions of dollars if they want to access FEMA assistance. And out west, entire communities are still reeling from wildfires: towns like Lake Perris, Kettleman City, Orosi, and Corona. People’s lives, Mr. Speaker, have been turned upside down, and communities, cities, and States are under massive budget pressure to rebuild. The least we can do is provide relief from these massive, unforeseen costs. This motion to recommit will boost assistance for areas still struggling to rebuild. It will take stress off municipal and State budgets, recognizing that massive disasters like these cannot simply be absorbed by small fishing towns and rural areas. If you vote ‘‘no,’’ you are voting against these small communities; you are voting against the people who live in Texas, Florida, California, Georgia, South Carolina, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. I urge you to stand with them and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman and strongly support the motion to recommit. This is a historic bill, the FAA bill. I want to thank my staff: Kathy Dedrick; Alex Burkett; Rachel Carr; Michael Tien; Luke Strimer; Janet Erickson; David Napoliello; Helena Zyblikewycz; Auke MaharPiersma; Ward McCarragher, who has moved on; Alexa Old Crow; and Jamie Harrell. I want to congratulate the outgoing chair, FRANK LOBIONDO . It is his last major bill in Congress, and FRANK was great to work with. I hope he has a great life after Congress. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, first, to the gentlewoman’s motion: First of all, everybody should know that the President already has the authority to waive the costshare, so this is unnecessary for us to pass it. I want to thank all the committee staff, all the staff, for their hard work on this bipartisan bill: full committee staff, my personal staff, aviation staff, economic development staff, and, of course, the legislative counsels. There is one particular former staffer I want to thank, Matt Sturges, who was with the committee for 5
1⁄2years, the staff director, just went down to be the Deputy Administrator at FRA. He worked tirelessly for the past couple of years on this FAA bill. Again, I thank the following staff. Our full committee staff, including Chris Vieson, Geoff Gosselin, Fred Miller, Clare Doherty, Kathy Loden, Collin McCune, Hannah Matesic, Brittany Smith, Tracy Mosebey, Justin Harclerode, Jeff Urbanchuk, Andrew Wargofchik, Eric Burgeson. Our Aviation Subcommittee staff: Holly Woodruff Lyons, Naveen Rao, Hunter Presti, Max Rosen, Cameron Humphrey. Our Economic Development Subcommittee staff: Johanna Hardy, Pam Williams, Hannah Noyes. Our Legislative Counsels: Tom Dillon, Rosemary Gallagher, Karen Anderson, Stephen Hagenbuch. Finally, I want to thank a few staff who have recently moved on, but were instrumental in this process: Matt Sturges, Simone Perez, Keith Hall, and Curt Haensel with Legislative Counsel. Mr. Speaker, in addition, I would like to finish by thanking the minority staff and the minority leader on the other side, again, working very closely with the minority staff to produce this bill. And finishing up with thanking the minority staff, I just want to say this is a good bipartisan bill that was introduced with seven Democratic cosponsors, including the ranking member and subcommittee ranking members as well as our subcommittee chairmen. Over the last 2 days, we worked in a very bipartisan manner. We had 116 amendments to this bill: 50 Democratic amendments and over 22 bipartisan amendments. The process has been nothing short of fair and equitable to both sides, I believe. This is a good bill that needs to get through the House so that we can achieve the first longterm reauthorization of FAA in years. We have had five shortterm extensions since the last longterm bill in 2012, creating uncertainty for the FAA, air traffic controllers, our airports, and, most importantly, the American people. It is time we move forward on this. Mr. Speaker, I just want to also say that FRANK LOBIONDO has been a very, very able subcommittee chair on Aviation. I thank the gentleman for all his service to the Nation and to the committee, as well as this will be my last Aviation bill. Just in case anybody wants to give FRANK a great sendoff, I would encourage having a big bipartisan vote on this bill, because, again, Mr. LOBIONDO and I both worked very, very hard to make sure this bill was crafted in a bipartisan fashion. So, again, we need to get this bill to the Senate and get the bipartisan bill to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, 
this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 182, noes 223, not voting 23, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—23 
Black Blackburn Butterfield Denham Gowdy Harper Huffman Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Palazzo Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1130 So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 393, nays 13, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen 
Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Buck Ellison Eshoo Gohmert Lowenthal McClintock Norman Panetta Rohrabacher Sensenbrenner Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Black Blackburn Butterfield Denham Gowdy Harper Huffman Jenkins (WV) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lewis (GA) Lofgren Noem Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) Sires Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1138 Mr. SWALWELL of California changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, due to my attendance at an event off the Capitol Hill campus, I was unable to make rollcall votes Nos. 162–166. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: No. 162 ‘‘no’’ H.R. 4 On Agreeing to the Amendment, No. 163 ‘‘no’’ H.R. 4 On Agreeing to the Amendment, No. 164 ‘‘yes’’ H.R. 4 Motion to Recommit and No. 165 ‘‘yes’’ H.R. 4 Final Passage of H.R. 4. 
H. R ES. 856 Whereas, Father Patrick Conroy has served honorably as House Chaplain since May 25 of 2011 when he was then appointed by Speaker John Boehner in consultation with Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi; Whereas, Father Conroy had been reappointed and approved by the House of Representatives on three separate occasions, most recently January 3 of 2017; Whereas, on April 16, 2018, the Nation’s first Jesuit, and only the second Catholic, Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives submitted his resignation before the full House; Whereas, this resignation was forced by Paul D. Ryan, Speaker of the House of Representatives and Members of the House Republican Conference; Whereas, the Speaker’s team said ‘‘. . . the decision (to remove the Chaplain) was his (Speaker Ryan’s);’’ Whereas, the lack of notification of his forced resignation or adequate explanation provided by Speaker Paul D. Ryan is not reflective of the integrity of the House of Representatives; Whereas, on November 6, 2017, during debate on the GOP tax scam, the Chaplain led an opening prayer asking God to bless Congress and for Congress to guarantee that there are not winners and losers under the new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans; Whereas, this prayer reflects the core values of many Americans, in particular people of the Catholic faith, including care and concern for the poor and the marginalized; Whereas, on April 9, 2018, Pope Francis published his third apostolic exhortation entitled ‘‘Gaudete et Exsultate’’ or rejoice and be heard which states that Christians must care for the poor, the sick, and the immigrant; Whereas, under the GOP tax bill, more than 80 percent of its benefits flow to the richest 1 percent and the corporate special interests, ignoring the needs for struggling men and women and children; Whereas, this prayer has been reported to be the chief reason for Father Conroy’s forced resignation by the Republican Congress; Whereas, the dismissal of Father Conroy following this prayer shows Republicans’ true refusal to embody the values of faith and charity in their legislative work; Whereas Father Conroy’s forced resignation is concerning to a number of Members of both sides of the aisle; Whereas, the House of Representatives would benefit from being guided by a Chaplain with a commitment to caring about those most in need; Whereas, the rights of Members of the House of Representatives were undermined 
when the leader of one party made a unilateral decision to dismiss the Chaplain; Whereas, this forced resignation has compromised the dignity of the House of Representatives by politicizing the Office of the House Chaplain; Whereas, the circumstances behind his resignation compromised the integrity and dignity of the House of Representatives: Resolved, that there is hereby established a select committee to investigate the actions and motivations behind the resignation of the House Chaplain. The select committee shall be comprised of six Members, of which three shall be appointed by the chair of the Committee on Ethics and three by the ranking member of the Committee on Ethics; The select committee shall investigate the motivations and actions of the Speaker behind the resignation of the Chaplain. 
b1145 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution presents a question of privilege. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, does, in fact, the Speaker of the House have the right to remove the Chaplain? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman’s inquiry does not relate to the pending proceedings. The matter that is before the House at the present time is a question of privilege. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, is it correct that the Chaplain is elected by the whole House to be the Chaplain of the House of Representatives? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is not going to respond to the matter as expressed by the gentleman. As stated, the issue before the House presently is the question of privilege just offered. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, further parliamentary inquiry. Are we in the position where the House will be unable to speak to the issue of removing the official, i.e. the Chaplain, elected by the whole House? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is no longer recognized. The gentleman has not stated an inquiry that relates in a practical sense to a matter before the House. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the resolution be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to table will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 215, nays 171, answered ‘‘present’’ 3, not voting 39, as follows: [Roll No. 166] YEAS—215 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Lujaˆn, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Rosen Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—3 
Black Blackburn Brownley (CA) Buchanan Butterfield Courtney Davis, Danny Denham Doggett Garamendi Gibbs Gowdy Harper Higgins (NY) Huffman Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Jones Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Lofgren Napolitano Noem Reichert Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Sa´nchez Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shuster Sires Vela Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1204 So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, due to my attendance at an event off the Capitol Hill campus, I was unable to make rollcall vote No. 166. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: No. 166 ‘‘no’’ On Motion to Table. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall vote 166. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the motion to table H. Res. 856. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, April 27, 2018, I missed rollcall vote 166, a Motion to Table H. Res. 856, a Privileged Resolution offered by Mr. CROWLEY of New York to create Select Committee to investigate the motivations and reasoning behind the forced resignation of the House Chaplain. I stand in full support of the Crowley resolution regarding the Speaker’s decision to 
forcibly push the House Chaplain Father Conroy to resign. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 166. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following votes because I chose to remain in my congressional district in Miami for an important district event. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘No’’ on rollcall Vote No. 162, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 163, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 164, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote No. 165, and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 166. 
Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, during the week of Monday, April 23, 2018, I missed rollcall votes 148–166. Had I been present for these recorded votes, I would have voted as listed below: Rollcall Vote 148: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 149: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 150: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 151: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 152: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 153: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 154: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 155: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 156: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 157: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 158: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 159: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 160: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 161: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 162: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 163: ‘‘nay,’’ rollcall Vote 164: ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall Vote 165: ‘‘aye,’’ and rollcall Vote 166: ‘‘nay.’’ THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 774 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor from H. Res. 774. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 2018, TO TUESDAY, MAY 1, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 1, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 4, FAA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 4, to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section numbering and crossreferencing, and the insertion of appropriate headings. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. f 
NORTH KOREA WANTS A UNIFIED COMMUNIST KOREAN PENINSULA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for generations, the Korean war has continued with no feasible end in sight. Today, North and South Korea supposedly reached a peace agreement, which includes a denuclearized peninsula, but the definition of denuclearization is not defined in the agreement. To the North, denuclearization only means the U.S. nuclear umbrella to protect South Korea will end. To the South and to the U.S., this means North Korea will denuclearize. This is not the first time little Kim has made agreements only to break them. And Kim’s delusional idea of a unified Korea is a unified communist Korean Peninsula with him in charge, standing against the West. For over 6 decades, the Kim regime has actively pursued nuclear and ballistic weapons, terrorizing anyone who opposes the rogue regime. President Trump’s hardball tactics have had their intended insurmountable effect. We must proceed with caution and stand with our allies to ensure that this agreement is not merely a ploy to serve North Korea’s nefarious, totalitarian, aggressive interests. And that is just the way it is. 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION (Ms. BASS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BASS. The FAA SoCal Metroplex project has dramatically changed flight paths into Los Angeles International Airport, effectively cramming traffic from a sixlane highway in the sky into a single lane. Constituents in my district now have lowaltitude flights over their heads, sometimes every 3 minutes. Parents have reported that aircraft noise wakes up their children, movie studios in my district report that the noise has made it very difficult to film outdoors on their lots, which poses a major economic threat. Guided by my constituents, I proposed and supported over 30 amendments to the FAA reauthorization. I am glad to report that a terminal sequencing spacing amendment that was crafted specifically by constituents in my district passed yesterday. However, more needs to be done, and I will continue to urge this body to do more to fix this problem. The constant barrage of noise has real measurable costs in disrupted sleep, lost property values, and business disruption for thousands of people in my district. We cannot allow airline efficiency to come at the sacrifice of the health and wellbeing of those on the ground. f 
RECOGNIZING TODD UNGERECHT (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank one of the House’s own and a great public servant. Todd Ungerecht is a proud son of Pasco, Washington, and has given this Nation over 20 years of tireless public service. Prior to his most recent service with the House Natural Resources Committee as deputy staff director to Chairman ROBBISHOP , Todd served the United States Senate for Washington’s former U.S. Senator Slade Gorton, for the George W. Bush administration as an appointee with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and for former chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee Doc Hastings. A proud Gonzaga University undergraduate and law school graduate, Todd is a man of family, of faith, and of public service. He represents the quintessential staffer, working diligently behind the scenes, never looking for credit, never seeking the limelight. Todd is a humble public servant, who places the highest value on good public policy. As Todd retires from the House, and his wife, Magda; and their two children, Alexa and Evan, head west, we send them our sincere gratitude and warmest wishes. 
AN OPEN LETTER TO THE NATION REGARDING EDUCATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is an open letter to the Nation regarding education or the education of our children. I represent the 18th Congressional District and have at least seven school districts, and certainly aware of the school districts throughout the State of Texas and also what school districts are facing across the Nation to pay teachers, most of all to educate our children. The Houston Independent School District and its board are attempting and, I believe, are committed to educating our children. However, at this present stage, we have at least ten schools with an IR status, a diminished status, with the potential of being closed by the State of Texas. 
I will be going home to rally the community, because right now today is Friday, and children are learning in our schools. Why punish them, make them the victims of the lack of resources, credentialed teachers, and the lack of a plan that all of us can agree with? I happen to have agreed with the initial step to at least solve a problem temporarily, but we know that a temporary solution is not the best. We need to be able to have those children meet the basic test standards, but, more importantly, we have to reflect on changing these—— The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ARRINGTON ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Very tough test standards that don’t test the child’s acknowledge. So—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again expired. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, to that school district, to the city of Houston—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman is no longer recognized. 
HONORING MAJOR STEPHEN DEL BAGNO (Mr. KNIGHT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of our fallen heroes, Major Stephen Del Bagno of the United States Air Force Air Demonstration Squadron, more commonly known as the Thunderbirds, who lost his life this past month. Major Del Bagno came from my district, from Valencia, California, and exemplified the skill and professionalism that we expect from our airmen. Major Del Bagno was the very first F–35 pilot to join the ranks of the Thunderbird squadron. Tragically, Stephen Del Bagno lost his life earlier this month during a training exercise at the Nevada Test and Training Range. While he is no longer with us, his legacy continues in the hearts and minds of future aviators he inspired. I sat with my wife at his funeral a few weeks back and I watched the missing man formation of F–35s and F– 16s, and I listened to his father and his teammates talk about Major Del Bagno. They talked about what a great pilot he was, but they also talked about what a great mentor he was and what a good dude Major Del Bagno was, and that is what he wanted to be recognized as and remembered as. So America lost one of its finest pilots in his passing. May God bless him and may he rest in peace. b1215 HONORING THE LIFE OF RACHAEL PARKER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Rachael Parker. Rachael attended the Route 51 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Rachael worked as a record technician at the Manhattan Beach Police Department for 10 years. She was known as the ‘‘matron’’ of the police department’s front desk. Rachael always treated people the same, no matter their circumstances. She loved her family, and had a passion for animals. She rescued two dogs, that she loved more than anything else. Rachael always went out of her way to help those in need. Everyone knew her and remembers her as being a gifted, kindhearted, and caring woman. I would like to extend my condolences to Rachael Parker’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CHATHAMSAVANNAH COUNTER NARCOTICS TEAM (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the ChathamSavannah Counter Narcotics Team, also known as CNT. In 2017, CNT and the DEA identified a drug distribution group operating throughout Chatham County, and learned that a large drug transaction was to take place. With this knowledge, CNT conducted drug operations at various hotels, covering several local jurisdictions. On March 25, 2018, CNT seized 25 kilograms, or 55 pounds of cocaine, and made six arrests, which is the largest single cocaine seizure in CNT’s history. The confiscated cocaine had an estimated street value of $4 million. Cocaine is a highly addictive and mindaltering drug that poisons communities and tears families apart. I applaud CNT’s groundbreaking work, which makes the entire Savannah community a better place to live. 
THE HOUSE MAJORITY’S GREAT INJUSTICE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the majority in this House has just exacted a great injustice. The unwarranted, unjust, forced resignation of a sworn officer of this United States House, the House Chaplain, Patrick Conroy, is a complete, complete violation of justice. It is also a complete violation of the rules of this House and the 229year precedents of this House. As well, Speaker PAULRYAN’s unilateral decision to remove the House Chaplain, who is elected by the entire membership of this House, is simply wrong. The Chaplain deserves just and fair treatment by every Member of this body that would attend to any Member who is subjected to such treatment or any citizen in our country who appears before the law. Every life in our Nation should matter. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. KAPTUR. And the lives and reputations of the officers of this House should matter. Our heads should hang low today—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman is no longer recognized. Ms. KAPTUR. * * * Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Father Conroy has served this institute honorably for the past seven years. He is only one of two Roman Catholic clerics ever to have served as pastor for the U.S. House of Representatives since the founding of our Republic 229 years ago, of 60 who have served. As an elected officer of this House, the Chaplain serves as its spiritual leader, abiding the heavy weight that the Chaplain bears for hundreds of Members, their families, hundreds more staff members, visitors and others who seek guidance and help. From what is trickling out in the media, this political crucifixion of Father Conway was executed following a visit from Speaker Paul Ryan’s Chief of Staff in which Fr. Conway’s resignation was demanded. Fr. Conroy complied. He transmitted a letter of resignation under coercion on April 15. On April 16, under cover of convoluted parliamentary procedure, with the vast membership of this institution unnoticed and unaware, Speaker Ryan requested ascension from the entire body. But who in this House even knew procedurally what was occurring? There was no notice. There was no prior House official proceeding to hear this matter. There was no one to object as no Member other than the Speaker and his inner circle knew what the Speaker was demanding. In such an important matter of a human being’s life and reputation, what happened to our House Rules? What happened to regular order? This forced resignation is without cause. It is unprecedented. It is wrong. It is simply a unilateral decision and abuse of power by the Speaker who himself will soon leave Congress. He should hang his head. The Speaker solely delivered an honorable man up for political crucifixion without hearing or trial. Justice in such a consequential action demands the full attention and engagement of this entire House. It is not the prerogative of a single individual, no matter how powerful that individual may feel he is. The Speaker’s action is a violation of the fundamental Rules of this House. It cannot stand the light of scrutiny. This consequential decision about a human being’s life was summarily imposed with no justice, no consultation, and importantly a complete abdication of our House Rules and Constitutional precedents. It must be overturned. Justice and regular order must return to this House. 
According to the Pew Research Center, Religious ‘nones’ are underrepresented in Congress compared with U.S. adults overall: Christian: 485 members, 90.7 percent of Congress, 71 percent of U.S. adults [(Protestant: 299, 55.9 percent, 48 percent; Baptist: 72, 13.5 percent, 15 percent; Methodist: 44, 8.2 percent, 5 percent; Anglican/Episcopal: 35, 6.5 percent, 1 percent; Presbyterian: 35, 6.5 percent, 2 percent; Lutheran: 26, 4.9 percent, 4 percent; Congregationalist: 5, 0.9 percent, 1 percent; Nondenomational Protestant: 8, 1.5 percent, 6 percent; Pentecostal: 2, 0.4 percent, 5 percent; Restorationist: 2, 0.4 percent, 2 percent; Adventist: 2, 0.4 percent, 1 percent; Christian Scientist: 2, 0.4 percent, <1 percent; Holiness: 1, 0.2 percent, 1 percent; Reformed: 1, 0.2 percent, <1 percent; Anabaptist: 0, 0 percent, <1 percent; Friends/ Quakers: 0, 0 percent, <1 percent; Pietist: 0, 0 percent, <1 percent; Unspecified/other: 64, 12 percent, 5 percent) (Catholic: 168, 31.4 percent, 21 percent) (Mormon: 13, 2.4 percent, 2 percent) (Orthodoz Christian: 5, 0.9 percent, <1 percent)]; Jewish: 30, 5.6 percent, 2 percent; Buddhist: 3, 0.6 percent, 1 percent; Muslim: 2, 0.4 percent, 1 percent; Hindu: 3, 0.6 percent, 1 percent; Unitarian Universalist: 1, 0.2 percent, <1 percent; Unaffiliated: 1, 0.2 percent, 23 percent; Other faiths: 0, 0 percent, 2 percent; Don’t Know/refused: 10, 1.9 percent, 1 percent. For more information: ‘‘Faith on the Hill, the religious composition of the 115th Congress,’’ <http:// www.pewforum.org/2017/01/03/faithonthe hill115/>.’’ 
Excerpt from rule 2, section 1 of U.S. House Rules: Rule II other officers and officials Elections 1. There shall be elected at the commencement of each Congress, to continue in office until their successors are chosen and qualified, a Clerk, a SergeantatArms, a Chief Administrative Officer, and a Chaplain. Each of these officers shall take an oath to support the Constitution of the United States, and for the true and faithful exercise of the duties of the office to the best of the knowledge and ability of the officer, and to keep the secrets of the House. Each of these officers shall appoint all of the employees of the department concerned provided for by law. The Clerk, SergeantatArms, and Chief Administrative Officer may be removed by the House or by the Speaker. Page 363 of house rules and manual of 115th congress: https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/ HMAN115/pdf/HMAN115.pdf Excerpt form article 1 section 2 of U.S. Constitution The House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other Officers; * * * The officers of the House are the Speaker, who has always been one of its Members and whose term as Speaker must expire with the term as a Member; and the Clerk, Sergeant atArms, Chief Administrative Officer, and Chaplain (I, 187), no one of whom has ever been chosen from the sitting membership of the House and who continue in office until their successors are chosen and qualified (I, 187). In one case the officers continued through the entire Congress succeeding that in which they were elected (I, 244, 263). Former officers include Doorkeeper (abolished by the 104th Congress, see §663b, infra) and Postmaster (abolished during the 102d Congress, see §668, infra). The House formerly provided by special rule that the Clerk should continue in office until another should be chosen (I, 187, 188, 235, 244). Currently, certain statutes impose on the officers duties that contemplate their continuance (I, 14, 15; 2 U.S.C. 5602). Page 13 of house rules and manual of 115th congress: https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/ HMAN115/pdf/HMAN115.pdf [From The Hill, Apr. 27, 2018] DEM LAWMAKER LOOKING INTO WHETHER  RYAN VIOLATED HOUSE RULES BY FORCING  OUTCHAPLAIN  (By Avery Anapol) A Democratic Ohio lawmaker is looking into whether Speaker Paul Ryan (R–Wis.) violated House procedure when he sought the resignation of House Chaplain Patrick Conroy. Rep. Marcy Kaptur told Roll Call that she believes a House vote is necessary to remove a chaplain, as the position is considered an ‘‘officer of the House.’’ Conroy submitted a letter of resignation on Thursday at Ryan’s request, and a bipartisan group of lawmakers told The Hill that Conroy was forced out by the speaker. ‘‘[His departure was] more than a little suspicious,’’ Kaptur told Roll Call. The reason behind Conroy’s ouster is unclear, though Democratic sources told The Hill it was because Conroy offered a prayer on the House floor that could have been interpreted as critical of the GOP tax law, legislation strongly championed by Ryan. Kaptur said she wants to find a bipartisan solution, which could include a privileged resolution to reinstate Conroy. ‘‘I don’t want to make it a partisan thing,’’ she said. ‘‘This is about a person and justice has to prevail.’’ ‘‘For me as a Catholic, with everything else that has gone in my church with cover ups and all the rest, I feel a special responsibility to not have someone’s reputation damaged,’’ she said, adding that she thinks the chaplain was ‘‘deeply hurt’’ by the situation. 
[From Roll Call, Apr. 26, 2018] KAPTUR EXPLORING LEGISLATIVE REPRIEVE  
FOROUSTED HOUSE CHAPLAIN  Ohio Democrat said any legislation she proposes would be bipartisan. (By Lindsey McPherson) Rep. Marcy Kaptur does not believe Speaker Paul D. Ryan has authority to remove House Chaplain Patrick J. Conroy without a vote of the House. And she’s exploring legislation to prevent his ouster. Conroy submitted a letter of resignation April 15 at the speaker’s request that was read on the House floor the following day. Ryan’s spokeswoman AshLee Strong confirmed that Ryan sought the Jesuit priest’s resignation but did not provide a reason why. Rep. Walter B. Jones, R–N.C., and Joe Crowley, D–N.Y., both pointed to a prayer that Conroy delivered on the tax overhaul as the reason he was asked to leave. Jones said he spoke with Conroy and he confirmed that, saying the only intended meaning of the prayer was that the tax bill should help everyone. ‘‘As legislation on taxes continues to be debated this week and next, may all Members be mindful that the institutions and structures of our great Nation guarantee the opportunities that have allowed some to achieve great success, while others continue to struggle,’’ Conroy said his Nov. 6 prayer on the House floor. ‘‘May their efforts these days guarantee that there are not winners and losers under new tax laws, but benefits balanced and shared by all Americans.’’ A senior GOP aide said there was not a specific prayer that led to Ryan’s decision. Conroy’s resignation comes more than five months after he delivered the prayer on the tax debate but just days after Ryan announced his plans to retire from Congress at the end of his term. ‘‘If we cannot protect freedom of prayer on the floor of the House, there is no hope for America. None,’’ Jones said. ‘‘This chaplain is elected by all the members we vote on. And this should be a vote by all the members for him not to be here.’’ NO RULE FOR REMOVAL ? Like Jones, Kaptur also spoke with Conroy, who was reluctant to talk about his resignation but upon her pressing revealed it was a request from the speaker. ‘‘I said, ‘But why?’ and he didn’t say anything,’’ she said. ‘‘So I went back to my staff and . . . looked at the rules of procedure for the House under the section dealing with the chaplain. . . . As an officer of the House, this should have consideration if there’s no cause. I mean what’s the cause?’’ Indeed the Jefferson’s Manual and Rules of the House of Representatives identifies the chaplain as an officer of the House, along with the speaker, clerk, sergeantatarms and chief administrative officer. The manual says the officers shall be elected at the commencement of each Congress. While the speaker’s term expires with the conclusion of each Congress, the other officers ‘‘continue in office until their successors are chosen and qualified,’’ the manual says. ‘‘The clerk, sergeantatarms, and chief administrative officer may be removed by the House or by the speaker,’’ the manual says, while making no mention of the procedure for removing the chaplain. If the matter should be subject to a vote it’s unclear whether Conroy waived that by submitting his resignation. 
LEGISLATIVE REMEDY ? Kaptur is continuing to dig into the matter. The longestserving woman in the House said she has not seen anything like this in her nearly three dozen years serving in this institution. ‘‘I don’t think it’s fair,’’ she said, calling the Conroy’s ouster ‘‘more than a little suspicious.’’ Asked if there’s a procedural action members could take, like filing a privileged resolution reinstate Conroy, Kaptur said, ‘‘I am certainly of that mind. But I want to work on a bipartisan basis. I don’t want to make it a partisan thing. This is about a person and justice has to prevail.’’ Kaptur said any procedural action would be about treating Conroy, with the respect he deserves as an officer of the House. ‘‘For me as a Catholic with everything else that has gone in my church with coverups and all the rest, I feel a special responsibility to not have someone’s reputation damaged,’’ she said. Kaptur said she was surprised that Ryan, who is also Catholic, would make this decision. She said Conroy didn’t say much when she spoke with him, but noted, ‘‘I think he’s deeply hurt.’’ 
GROUP FORMED TO VET SUCCESSORS  While Kaptur and others look for ways to keep Conroy in his position—Crowley, for example, is calling on Ryan to reconsider his decision—conversations about the next House chaplain have begun. Ryan has asked Rep. Doug Collins, R–Ga., to lead a bipartisan group of members in looking at potential replacements for Conroy. Rep. Emanuel Cleaver, DMo., will serve as the lead member of the group for the Democrats. Collins, a military chaplain for 17 years, said there’s no set number of members for the group yet or timeline for the group to submit recommendations. He predicted it could take a few months and a replacement would likely not be ready before Conroy’s May 24 resignation date. ‘‘This decision will be on the speaker ultimately,’’ Collins said. Collins said he is not looking for candidates of a specific faith, just ones who have 
‘‘a heart for people,’’ relate well to others and can listen. Rep. Mark Walker, chairman of the Congressional Prayer Caucus, is also serving on the group that will recommend the next chaplain. Both he and Collins said they had no issues with Conroy and were not familiar with Ryan’s reason for asking him to resign. As for successors, Walker, who served as a pastor for nearly 20 years before running for Congress, said he’s looking for someone with a nondenominational background that has a multicultural congregation or an otherwise diverse background. The North Carolina Republican also said he’d prefer ‘‘somebody who has a little age, that has adult children, that kind of can connect with the bulk of the body here, Republicans or Democrats as far as what we’re going through back home—you’ve got the wife, the family, things you encounter—that has some counseling experience or has managed or worked with people, maybe a larger church size, being able to have that understanding or that experience.’’ While Walker had initially specified someone with children and said ‘‘having somebody who’s walked in those shoes I think allows you to immediately relate a little bit more than others.’’ Catholic priests take a vow of celibacy. Walker followed up with the reporters he made his comments to clarify he was not disqualifying Catholic priests because of that vow. ‘‘When I say family experience I mean that you’ve been a priest or pastor over a parishioner with families who have situations, adult children, those kinds of things.’’ f 
REMEMBERING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WILLOW ISLAND DISASTER (Mr. MCKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark the 40th anniversary of the Willow Island disaster, when 51 construction workers perished in the deadliest construction accident in United States history. These men were building cooling tower No. 2 at the Pleasants Power Station in West Virginia. Just after 10 o’clock on that tragic day, as the third lift of concrete was being lifted, the cable housing on the crane went slack and the crane collapsed in on the tower. The concrete that had been poured the previous day then started to unwrap the tower, taking out the scaffolding. All the men who were on the scaffolding at that time were killed, and many workers on the ground were buried under the falling debris. This horrible accident spurred a national conversation about more construction safety and led to improved standards. And for those of us who have worked in the construction industry, it underscored just how fragile life is and that paying attention to every detail can make a difference whether we go home or not. This is a tragedy that is still felt throughout the Pleasants County community. Angie Colvin, who was just in the fifth grade at the time of the disaster, lost 12 family members that day, including her father. The Willow Island community will gather this evening at the memorial erected in honor of those 51 workers. Our prayers are with the entire community on this day of remembrance. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF JAMES ZECCA (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable public servant and close friend in New York’s 22nd District, Mr. James Zecca, of Utica, New York. At the end of May, Jim will retire from his position as the director of the Madison County Department of Solid Waste and Sanitation, a position he started and created in 1988. A few years ago, a colleague of Jim’s said that his ‘‘forward thinking attitude and determination has made Madison County a leader in recycling in New York State.’’ He ensured the county was open and transparent to everyone, always including the community as a whole in every process. Even though he works in Madison County during the day, Jim has served his community, his own community in Utica, the city of Utica, for many years. He served as a city councilman representing the Second District, and also a councilmanatlarge during his time on the Utica Common Council. Jim has always been a champion of the little guy, the smallbusiness owner, and the citizens who have been hurt by government incompetence, overreach, and yes, even corruption. It is my honor to congratulate Jim on 30 years of exceptional service to Madison County and our entire community. His hard work, courage, and compassion will be missed by all. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my colleagues join me in congratulating Jim on his retirement, and best wishes for the future, and also, for his tireless effort in making America great again. Congratulations, Jim. 
RECOGNIZING SESAME PLACE ON ITS DESIGNATION AS A CERTIFIED AUTISM CENTER (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, April is Autism Awareness Month, and I would like to recognize a family landmark in my district that has gone the extra mile to assist individuals with autism. Sesame Place, a theme park located in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, in my district, and my former employer, was recently designated as a Certified Autism Center. This distinction, developed by the International Board of Credentialing and Continuing Education Standards, certifies facilities that are compatible for those with autism, and their families. To earn this designation, all staff at Sesame Place underwent extensive training on autism awareness and sensitivity. When the park reopens for its 38th season this year, it will also include two new ‘‘quiet rooms’’ with adjustable lights and noisecanceling headphones. Mr. Speaker, I am extremely proud to say that Sesame Place in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, is the first theme park in the world to be designated as a Certified Autism Center. I would like to thank the staff and all of my friends at Sesame Place for making the park a hospitable and fun place for our entire community. f 
CONGRATULATING NEBRASKA’S THEDFORD HIGH SCHOOL NATIONAL SCIENCE BOWL TEAM (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Nebraska’s Thedford High School National Science Bowl Team on winning their regional competition and securing a position in next week’s tournament in our Nation’s capital. The National Science Bowl is one of the largest and most prestigious academic competitions, having been created in 1991 by the Office of Science within the U.S. Department of Energy. Our team from Thedford High School, comprised of students David Gordon, Andrew Gordon, Rhiannon Painter, Kalee Jepsen, and Ariel Bryant, and led by Coach Geri Smith, brings pride to Nebraska’s Third District. I know the constituents I represent join me in wishing them well as they begin the tournament on Sunday, April 29, 2018. On behalf of the people of Nebraska’s Third District, I commend the Thedford High School National Science Bowl Team for this noteworthy accomplishment, and wish them well in the competition. Go Knights. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF BILL MULDER (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, today I introduced legislation to honor the life of a high school buddy of mine and a decorated Navy SEAL, Bill Mulder. Bill was a true American hero who served our country with honor and distinction. Like many of our troops, Bill’s greatest fight wasn’t on the battlefield; it was the struggle that often ensues from the mental, emotional, and physical wear and tear from military service. On top of that, people like Bill, 
who spend their entire careers pursuing excellence as a warrior, often wrestle with life back as a civilian. The Transition Assistance Program can help prepare folks like Bill for the challenges and opportunities of transitioning to civilian life, to create a new sense of purpose, to equip them with the tools to be successful in the marketplace, leveraging their unique experiences and skills from their time in the armed services. Named in honor of Bill Mulder, my legislation works to strengthen and improve this program. We owe it to Bill and every veteran to make the transition from Active Duty to civilian life more seamless and successful, which I believe this legislation does. God bless the Mulder family. God bless our troops. God bless America. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ARRINGTON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the privilege and the honor to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives, and I come to the floor today to bring up a list of subjects that I think should be deliberated upon here in the House Chamber. The first one that is on my mind is the moral calling that we have to step in to save the lives of the most innocent among us. And as I watched some of the discussion that took place here on the floor today, and I look over at the people that were a part of the privileged motion, as I reflect upon however strong they are in their verbal support for the Catholic Church, I didn’t see one of them over there that actually will defend innocent, unborn human life. And we have tested it time after time here on the floor of the House of Representatives. So the central principle of the Catholic Church, and many other Christian faiths, I will add, is to protect innocent, unborn human life, to oppose abortionondemand, and to respect the values that once a child is conceived, once fertilization takes place, we have a unique combination of DNA that is never matched again in history; and that unique combination of DNA is created in God’s image, and I believe that he puts a soul in that little baby from that moment. b1230 And as that little baby starts to grow in its mother’s womb, we have a child that is a gift to the world and a gift here to America; a gift to that child’s parents, grandparents, family, neighbors, community; a gift to our country. Yet there is a policy here that allows for the Supreme Court to step in and intervene with the will of the people and establish what they seem to believe is a right to decide who lives and who dies and under what terms that might be. In 1973, January 22 of 1973, two decisions came down from the United States Supreme Court. One was Roe v. Wade, which most everyone seems to know and understand; and that Roe v. Wade decision essentially was that they believe that the child wouldn’t be protected until after the first trimester. Trimesters were part of the dialogue in Roe v. Wade. Doe v. Bolton was the companion case; and in that companion case of Doe v. Bolton that was decided on the same day, it essentially said, except for all of these other things: the life or health of the mother, the familial relationship of the mother, the economic condition of the mother, of course the physical health of the mother. The list went on. But it was so broad that it really said this: that Roe v. Wade says you can have abortion on demand after the first trimester. Doe v. Bolton said you can have abortion on demand for any reason or essentially no rational reason whatsoever. And that stayed in place from 1973 until 1992, when the Planned Parenthood v. Casey decision came down. It is interesting that the son of Democrat Governor of Pennsylvania— former Governor of Pennsylvania, since passed away, God rest his prolife soul—BOBCASEY , who was denied the opportunity to speak before the Democratic National Convention because of his prolife credentials, was the subject of the lawsuit from Planned Parenthood to Governor Casey of Pennsylvania. Out of that decision came a majority opinion that ratcheted the abortion issue a little ways, and it said: Well, you can’t abort them after there is a viability. But that viability was indistinct, and it settled in somewhere around 24 or 25 weeks. So it had litigation around that. We have had legislation around that. But, meanwhile, abortion on demand pretty much walked its way across this country. In the late part of the 1990s, we had legislation that passed that banned partialbirth abortion. It was a big debate here on the floor of the House of Representatives, that ghastly and ghoulish practice—and I won’t describe it here on the floor out of sensitivity, Mr. Speaker, to ears that might not be able to absorb this—but it is ghastly and it is ghoulish, a partialbirth abortion. Yet that practice was going on around this country. This Congress banned it in the House and in the Senate. Then it was litigated; and, let’s see, as it was litigated, the Supreme Court ruled that partialbirth abortion was a legal act because the Congress had failed to define the act of partial birth abortion precisely enough that it was a vague description as to what that act actually was. So they said that that burden couldn’t be upon the abortionist to know what Congress actually meant. Therefore, the Supreme Court ruled it unconstitutional. They also added to it being indistinct that Congress had not established that it was never medically necessary to save the life of the mother. So we went back to work here in this Congress, and I was part of that as a member of the Judiciary Committee. The chairman of the Constitution and Civil Justice Subcommittee at that time was Congressman STEVE CHABOT  from Ohio, a very strong and principled prolife Congressman to this day, and I hope the next chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, and he is the central player in this, and I got to weigh in and maybe tweak the language a little bit, but we precisely defined the act of partialbirth abortion precisely enough. We also held hearing after hearing that concluded that a partialbirth abortion was never necessary to save the life of a mother. There were ghastly testimonies that came before the Judiciary Committee in that period of time, but we passed that legislation off the House, we passed it off the Senate, and it was litigated again. LeRoy Carhart was the lead abortionist who litigated this case. It was Gonzales v. Carhart, as I recall. I went to Lincoln, Nebraska. It was heard in three circuits. The one in Lincoln, Nebraska, is the one I sat in on; and after a number of hours of listening to that case be heard before the court, I went out and did a press conference outside the Federal building because the judge had said that the two attorneys in the case, the opposing attorneys in the case, had done more due diligence than the United States Congress. I knew what the due diligence was here. He did not. So I raised that issue: How do you do more due diligence than the United States Congress bringing in the wisdom of America and the American people and having public hearings and rolling that information out over and over again, and the due diligence of precisely parsing the language of the decision that went against life and for a ghastly and ghoulish abortion, and precisely defined that act so that it could no longer be argued that we didn’t make it clear enough in our legislation? And we made it very clear that it was never necessary to do a partialbirth abortion to save the life of the mother. We established those principles; and once we established those principles, then I am there in Lincoln, Nebraska, to defend it. I could only speak to that court through the press. There wasn’t a way for me to walk down and make a case before the judge, but I made the case to the press; and when he read the press clippings the next morning, apparently, is when he discovered this, he offered to recuse himself. Well, I wish they had taken him up on that. But in any case, Judge Kopf 
found against life and for abortion, as did the other two circuits, and we had now lost at two or three circuits in the previous legislation, we lost before the Supreme Court, the ban on partial birth abortion had been struck down, and we have lost in three circuits when we came back with the better language and the congressional findings that it is never necessary to do a partialbirth abortion to save the life of the mother. We lost in all of these areas. So that is two or three circuits the first time around, and a Supreme Court the first time around, and three circuits the second time around on our way to the Supreme Court. Now, who would think we would be successful before the Supreme Court the second time through with Gonzales v. Carhart? And I would say that, looking back on history, we should have been able to expect that. I don’t know what I expected, I just knew what my job was was to do all I could do to save the lives of the most innocent among us. So the Supreme Court found in favor of life and against LeRoy Carhart and said that Congress had successfully and legally and constitutionally banned the ghastly and ghoulish act of partial birth abortion. That is the only case that I know of where we have gone back to the court after we had failed the first time on the life issue, tried again. So when we went back to the court, we gained ground; we didn’t lose. And if you track the court along the way, I think that you see that there has been an incremental increase in their support for the authority, the constitutional authority of Congress and the State legislatures, to ban abortion or to limit abortion. And we are sitting there today with a Supreme Court that might well be a 5–4 decision against the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490; the Heartbeat bill that requires an abortionist who is contemplating committing an abortion to first check for a heartbeat, and if a heartbeat can be detected, the baby is protected. That is the standard that is within H.R. 490. We don’t make exceptions for rape or incest because I believe it is immoral to execute a baby for the sin and the crime of the father. So we have a very clean, very precise, very wellworded—and it is not worded in anticipation of it going before this court, Mr. Speaker, but it is written in anticipation of going before the Court after the next appointment and confirmation to the Supreme Court. Gorsuch 2, I might say. And even though this Court could be disposed to uphold Heartbeat, because their legal argument gets a little vague, they don’t get to say a heartbeat is vague. We know if there is a beating heart, there is life. We know it is a human life. We know that an unborn baby with a beating heart has at least a 95 percent chance of experiencing a successful birth. And some of those numbers go higher than that, not to 100 percent, but approach 100 percent. I use 95 percent because I am confident that that number does not overstate. It does not overstate the prospects for a child that has a heartbeat. We know that a heartbeat designates life. We know that abortion stops a beating heart. And we know that, in the 14th Amendment, it requires that we protect life, liberty, and property, in that order, I might add, in a prioritized order. And, Mr. Speaker, I take it all back to the Declaration of Independence when Thomas Jefferson penned the words that the protection for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, are the words that are in our Declaration. A little bit different than John Locke’s life, liberty, and property. But the life, liberty, and property is deeply entrenched within the literature that brought us up to the Declaration and the Constitution and is enshrined in the 14th Amendment. So I assert that our Founders understood, and nearly a century later, with the 14th Amendment, the Framers of the 14th Amendment understood, that they were prioritized rights. They didn’t get this wrong. They never put property, liberty, and life; or liberty, property, life; or any other combination that might be conceivable with the three rights that are protected. In every case that I can find in literature anywhere, it is always life, liberty, and then it either says property or pursuit of happiness. As a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, pursuit of happiness was understood by our Founding Fathers to be rooted in the Greek word ‘‘eudemonia.’’ Eude monia is how it is spelled, and I believe exactly how it is also pronounced. And what it means is, that is the Greek word for pursuit of happiness, which they understood to mean the development of the whole human being. The development of a person’s physical body, to get to exercise and stay in shape, get in shape, stay in shape, become proficient athletically so that you can use your body for all of the things you might need to use it for. And the second component of this is to develop one’s self intellectually, because God gives you a brain, after all, and that raw material, that brain, is a gift to you. You have an obligation to develop your intellectual capacity. So that is your education, your training, your cognitive skills, develop them to the max. So develop yourself physically, develop yourself intellectually, and then the third component is develop yourself spiritually to put together the composition of the whole human being. That pursuit of happiness is understood by the Greeks and identified by the Greek word ‘‘eudemonia.’’ That is what the Founding Fathers understood when Thomas Jefferson took the quill and wrote: ‘‘Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness.’’ Not a fun tailgate party, not putting your feet up and watching the ball game. Not a celebration among your family in that way. All those things are fine, but it is about developing the whole human being. And even that, as important as it is to develop yourselves as a whole human being, the efforts and endeavors to do so could never step on the liberty of others; the liberty of others to have a speech, religion, assembly, the right to keep and bear arms, the rights to property. All of those things that are some of the liberties that are God given liberties that are protected, they are protected even from someone else in their pursuit of happiness or their development of their own eudemonia, cannot take away someone else’s freedom of speech, religion, right to assembly, freedom of the press, the right to keep and bear arms, the protection from unreasonable search and seizure, or the right to own property. All of those things are protected as Godgiven liberties in the Framers’ documents, and particularly in the Declaration of Independence, and then they are additionally enshrined within the Constitution itself. So pursue happiness, use your liberties to do that. None of those things are any good if you don’t have life. Life is the paramount right; and in protection of life, especially the most vulnerable among us, innocent, unborn human life, and the protection of that life, no one can use their liberties to take someone else’s life. b1245 And no one can use their pursuit of happiness to take someone else’s liberty or life. These are prioritized in that order: life is paramount, liberty comes second, and eudemonia—pursuit of happiness—comes third. That is the structure that was understood intellectually and intuitively by our Founding Fathers, by the Framers of our Constitution, and the drafters of our Declaration, and that is the framework that we must adhere to in this country if we are going to continue to enjoy Godgiven liberty in any of its forms over the long haul. The sin that this Nation is committing with 60 million abortions—these innocent little babies who are the future of our country, 60 million, and today we have what we call a fullemployment economy. The unemployment rate is as low as it has been since 2001. And I am constantly hearing employers say: You need to get me a labor force. Well, I remember 10 years ago the message was: You need to create jobs. The private sector creates jobs—not government, as a rule. But it was jobs 10 years ago. Today, it is: We have too many jobs and not enough workers. Well, where are those workers? They are the aborted generations that we are missing today, the ghosts that sit between us when nearly a third of a generation is gone and 60 million are missing. Not only 60 million are missing, but there is roughly another 60 million who 
were not born because their mothers were aborted. And when you do the backoftheenvelope calculation on that, it falls to roughly 60 million more. So somewhere between 100 million and 120 million Americans are missing because Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, Planned Parenthood v. Casey— Planned Parenthood, that, itself, spends millions lobbying the United States Congress and State legislatures across this land, millions. They are the number one abortion company—factory—in America, committing around 354,000 abortions a year of the right at 1 million abortions a year. When I talk to people here on this floor, a gentlewoman from the other side of the aisle just spoke here some minutes ago, who said to me: STEVE , why are you worried about abortion? We have got abortions down to under 1 million a year. The peak was about 1.6 million abortions a year, so why am I worried about this? They score the difference between the high watermark in abortions at 1.6 million and what appears to be a very stable, maybe low watermark of 1 million abortions a year. They think that somehow by messaging we have saved 600,000 babies every year is good because we are not aborting babies at the willynilly pace we were at the peak of abortions a couple, four decades ago. I say instead, you don’t get to keep score because there aren’t as many babies being taken today by abortionists. You can only keep score by ending a ghastly, ghoulish, and immoral practice and protecting these innocent lives. These are innocent lives of all races. All of God’s children, every one, created in His image. And that unique piece of DNA that I mentioned at the beginning, Mr. Speaker, that will never be matched up again. Of all of the possible combinations, it is beyond our imagination to think how that unique person could become matched up in another generation. There are 7 billion people on this planet, and what are the distinctions between us? Just think, how many times have you heard a voice from another room and recognized that voice because it is unique. You know who it is. It has to be somebody usually close to you or somebody you have heard quite often. I know that I have come up behind a vehicle out in my neighborhood and the vehicle had probably been traded two or three times since I had seen the driver, but I come up behind that pickup, I see the back of his head, and I can tell by the way he sits behind the steering wheel who he is—even if I haven’t seen him in 20 years—because we are that unique. There are 7 billion faces here, and they are all unique. Even though there is identical DNA in the case of identical twins, triplets, quadruplets, quintuplets, septuplets, sextuplets—I think I covered all that has ever existed—but whatever kind of combination of unique matches of DNA, they still look different enough. All of their mothers can tell them apart. And the older these identical twins get, the easier it is for all of the rest of us to tell them apart just by looking at their face, sometimes by listening to their voice. Even the genetically identical are not identical. We can tell them apart because God has given us a unique visage, a face. And think what we do with it. I mean, can you imagine if you were going to create the world and invent all of the things that were put here in Genesis and then you put Adam and Eve down there on the planet, what kind of thought process that takes to give us a visage, a face, that is so unique that everybody can tell it apart from everybody else? Think how hard it would be if we all wore a mask every day. We couldn’t recognize each other. If we couldn’t recognize voices or faces, or if we couldn’t read facial expressions, how hard would it be to go do business? How hard would it be to express a feeling, a sense? How hard would it be to say: ‘‘I am happy with you’’; ‘‘I kind of wonder about you’’; ‘‘I have my doubts about you’’; and ‘‘I am angry at you.’’ All of those things come out of our faces, and little kids, from babies on up, recognize facial expressions. They know a smile means joy; they know a frown might not be; and we listen to them and watch their faces. It is instinctive in them, because God gave us those abilities to be unique and to express ourselves, each with our own unique visage. And that is what we are eliminating with abortion, somehow believing that it is a mass of tissue that doesn’t have identifying characteristics, that doesn’t have a potential—and we all know in our hearts better than that. That is why I wrote the Heartbeat bill, because it does touch to our hearts, and we know what the sound of that beating heart is. In my iPhone here, Mr. Speaker, I have a series of different little babies with beating hearts, and I can turn on that audio and listen to the beating heart of my little granddaughter that is due to be born in the latter part of July of this year. The baby is 26 weeks and 2 days along, today, as we speak, and the last heartbeat pulse I got was 161 beats per minute. I also have, of course, the ultrasound pictures in here of that little miracle that is waiting to burst forth and breathe free air here in America. And I am far from alone. There are millions of Americans that experience the same thing. I have what is now a former district representative that worked for me for a decade, and there framed in his office— a picture about this big—framed was the first picture of their firstborn son, firstborn child, and his name is Joseph Dean Anderson, and the picture is of his ultrasound. The picture was there well before he was born, and they bonded with him from the beginning because they could see the facial expressions. They could watch him move. They could hear his beating heart. And today, that little guy is about 9 years old, a handsome, towheaded little boy that loves God and will be a fine American citizen. We have an obligation to protect those lives, Mr. Speaker. This Congress has, I believe, the votes within it to protect those lives, but not the will, at this point, to move H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill, to this floor—or even to committee, for that matter. Now, I have gone to work on this and we brought the Heartbeat bill further and faster than any prolife legislation of consequence since Roe v. Wade in 1973. As we entered into this Congress and we went to work on this—and my thanks to Janet Porter and Tom DeLay for their tremendous work that they have done—we built a whip team here in this Congress of about 12 to 15, and we fanned out throughout the Conference, and people brought their cards back in, and we ended up with 170 cosponsors on H.R. 490. Well, I said, ‘‘ended up.’’ That is how many we had yesterday when the Sun came up. We added one more at the end of the day yesterday, and I am thankful that we are still making progress. And I expect there will be a trickling that will be added on to that, but it is a pretty good, long list of Republican Members that say: I will vote for it. I am just not quite ready to sign on the bill yet. They have their own political reasons for that, but I believe the votes are here in this Congress to pass Heartbeat. And if we pass Heartbeat, we will have taken the first step to saving the lives of nearly 1 million babies a year in America and starting to fill back up again that hole that is two or three generations old by now, 45 years old. Some would say that is two generations. It is probably closer—Thomas Jefferson declared a generation to be 19 years. Two, or a little more than two generations are missing in America. Some of those little girls who were aborted would have had babies by now, and there would have been roughly maybe another 60 million babies already born to that generation that is missing. We have an obligation to defend their lives. We have an obligation to defend life. We have an obligation to restructure, again, the priorities of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. How can we sit here and say we are moral? How can we be indignant about a discretionary decision made by the Speaker of the House and not have a bit of a qualm about 60 million babies aborted because of the intransigence of the people who stood there just an hour ago to lecture the American people on a judgment call that they disagreed with form the President of the United States and, by the way, with the Speaker of the House. That lack of a moral position over on that side of the aisle is why we still 
have Roe v. Wade, Doe v. Bolton, Planned Parenthood v. Casey, nearly 1 million abortions a year, two missing generations, and a population that would be 100 million to 120 million stronger had that Supreme Court made the decision that was constitutional, true, right, and just in all of its aspects in 1973. Information emerged years later at the retirement of Justice Blackmun that Justice Kennedy was prepared to vote on the prolife side in Planned Parenthood v. Casey and that there were decisions that were made that will always be within the bowels of the Supreme Court as to why that didn’t happen. But the information out there says it was very close, that the decision really was on the side of life; and for an unexplained reason, it went the other way in 1992, and that gave Kennedy the opportunity to write the majority opinion in Planned Parenthood v. Casey. That is why we came up with the viability nonstandard standard. Now we have taken the Heartbeat bill up through the circuit court in North Dakota, and the court struck it down, as we knew they would. It just should be common knowledge by anyone who is involved in this discussion that with the Supreme Court precedent decisions, and especially precedent decisions that are as wellknown and have extended as long as they have with Planned Parenthood v. Casey and Doe v. Bolton and Roe v. Wade, that with those precedent cases, no lower Federal court is going to attempt to defy the United States Supreme Court. So any prolife legislation that challenges existing Supreme Court precedent, which we must do if we are going to ever reduce the nearly 1 million abortions a year down to far fewer—by, say, 95 percent—will always lose at the lower court. At every level in the Federal court, we will lose, because those lower courts will not challenge the United States Supreme Court, Mr. Speaker. That means we have to go back through this motion that we had again, go back through the exercise we had again that three circuits heard the ban on partialbirth abortions. Three circuits struck it down, even though we had rewritten the legislation to conform with the Supreme Court decision because they were not about to tell the United States Supreme Court that the inferior courts are superior to the Supreme Court. So we accept that. I don’t want to hear an argument from prolife organizations that say: Well, the case is already settled. We tried Heartbeat before the circuit when it was passed in North Dakota, and the circuit struck down the North Dakota law, so we are defeated. Really, that is not a defeat. When you know you have to accept that defeat in order to qualify to get to the Supreme Court, that is not a defeat. That is a process that you accept at the onset. I accept that process at the onset to go forward through the lower courts to get to the Supreme Court, but the challenge isn’t so much that, right now. The immediate challenge is this: There are four windows that we have to get Heartbeat, H.R. 490, through if we are going to save the lives of these babies with the beating heart. The first window—by the way, these windows have to be opened in the right sequence. There are four windows, and I will name them: the House, the Senate, the Presidency, and the Supreme Court. If the Supreme Court opens up and we lose prolife majorities in the House or Senate, if the Supreme Court opens up, it isn’t going to do us any good because we can’t get there with the case—at least, out of this Congress we can’t. If we lose the Presidency, say we wait until the year 2020 and lose the Presidency and we end up with a pro abortion President again, it isn’t going to do us any good. Remember, President Obama said he didn’t want to see his daughters punished with a baby. b1300 If we end up with a proabortion President, again, it won’t matter if there is a prolife majority in the House or the Senate, because the President would veto it. By the way, Mr. Speaker, we do have a prolife majority in the Senate today. It is a bare prolife majority. It is a 51– 49 prolife majority in the Senate. That was proven with the 20week bill that did not defeat the cloture vote over there, but it had a bare majority of votes. So it is close, but a prolife majority in the Senate. We have a prolife majority in the House of Representatives. That is clear here. I believe we have the votes to pass H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill, off the floor. Window number one, prolife majority in the House. We have it. Let’s move H.R. 490. Let’s move it now. The second window is the prolife majority in the Senate. Questionable. But if they suspended their rules, they could pass Heartbeat in the Senate. If that happened, H.R. 490 then would go to the President. The President will sign H.R. 490, the Heartbeat bill. He will sign it, and one of the things that I guarantee is that Vice President MIKE PENCE , who has a terrifically good heart himself, would be standing next to the President of the United States at that time. The President would sign that bill. Now we can count on it, at that point. That is window number three. Window number one, prolife majority in the House; window number two, prolife majority in the Senate; window number three, a prolife President that will sign the bill. Window number four is the Supreme Court. We have to walk through the swamp and the quagmire of the lower courts to get there, but we would get there at that point. A Heartbeat bill passed by this Congress would get to the Supreme Court, and they would have a very difficult time refusing to grant cert and they would hear the case, I believe, and it would be a landmark case. We would be in a position to see Planned Parenthood v. Casey reversed, Doe v. Bolton reversed, Roe v. Wade reversed, and to see life respected in America again, as it was before 1973. That is the path we need to follow. What is obstructing this path, Mr. Speaker? I know that you are asking that yourself, but for me, I am prepared to answer the question that you are thinking. There seems to be a perhaps longstanding rule, one that was probably continued by Speaker Boehner or created by him. It seems that it goes back further than the current leadership in the House, but I have talked to each one of the top three Republican leaders in the House and each have told me: We won’t bring prolife legislation to the floor of the House unless it is supported by the top three prolife organizations in the country, that being Family Research Council, Tony Perkins; Susan B. Anthony List, Marjorie Dannenfelser. Both of those people are good friends and powerful, committed prolife workers. I have great respect for them and all of their organizations they have put together, and many others. By the way, there are 170 cosponsors on Heartbeat, plus 162 prolife organizations or national leaders that are cosponsors on this. So I have named the two of the three, what some have expressed as the holy trinity of prolife, so to speak. The other is the National Right to Life, NRLC. @NRLC would be their Twitter handle. They say: We do not oppose Heartbeat. I say they do not support Heartbeat. They say they don’t have veto power, but the Speaker, the majority leader, and the whip say they do. But the Speaker’s spokesman said: No, there isn’t any such rule. Well, it is being applied. National Right to Life, when I say to them it is time to lead, follow, or get out of the way, they say: Well, we do not oppose and we don’t have that kind of power. My answer to that is: Then pick up the phone, call the Speaker, and tell Speaker R YANyou don’t want to have that veto power; remove yourself from this. And I said specifically: Lead, follow, or get out of the way. It is probably too late to lead for them. It is probably not too late for them to follow—I hope they do—but at a minimum, get out of the way. Pick up the phone, call the Speaker, tell the public that you don’t want to have veto power over Heartbeat, that you want to get out of the way. If the Speaker wants to pick another organization, let him do that. That would be fine with me. There are plenty of good organizations out there. Meanwhile, National Right to Life says to me: Why are you dividing the 
prolife community? We can’t be pitting ourselves against each other. We will never accomplish anything if we fight among ourselves. My answer back to that is, Mr. Speaker: Accusing me of dividing? One hundred seventy Members of the House of Representatives say: I want Heartbeat to the floor for a vote. There are a whole bunch of others who want to vote for it that aren’t yet ready to sign on. The will of we the people is reflected in the votes in this republican form of government which is guaranteed to us in the United States Constitution. It is not what anybody says out here that controls what goes on in here. It influences, but it doesn’t control. We have an obligation, every one of us. All 435 of us owe our constituents our best effort and our best judgment. That best effort and judgment doesn’t mean that we let unelected, outside organizations dictate against the will of the majority here in the House of Representatives. But that is what is going on by this rule that hangs up there in the Speaker’s office that, unless National Right to Life comes onboard, the prolife legislation is not coming to the floor of the House of Representatives. I do not think that that is a defensible position. It is not defensible for National Right to Life, whose mission statement says they protect life from the beginning of life until natural death. If you look a little further on their website—because I wanted to know the technicalities—when they believe life begins, posted on their website: at the moment of fertilization. I agree with them completely, with their mission statement, that we should protect life from the moment of fertilization until natural death, because human life is sacred in all of its forms. It begins at the moment of fertilization. It begins at the moment of conception. In fact, former Governor Bob Casey, whom I spoke of earlier in Planned Parenthood v. Casey, said years ago—I clipped it out and put it on my bulletin board—before we had electronics, everything had to be saved; you couldn’t go search on the internet—preinternet, Governor Bob Casey said: Human life cannot be measured. It is the measure itself against which all other things are weighed. Think of that. What is a life worth? It can’t be quantified because it is the measure. When the Frenchmen created the metric system, they did a calculation of the distance either around the Earth or pole to pole—who knows if it is right or not—and they divided it down into increments and came up with the meter. Well, the meter is a standard for distance of measure. How long is a meter? Well, it is whatever the distance is that is identical to the platinum strap, I will call it, the platinum meter stick that is stored at standard temperature and pressure so that it doesn’t expand or contract and it is always a standard length. They created it in kind of an odd fashion, but they established it as the measure. That measure, that platinum stick at standard pressure and temperature that is a meter is the distance against which all other distances are measured and made within the metric system. Well, that gives you an idea of what human life is. Human life is sacred in all of its forms. It is the measure itself against which we measure every other value that we have. So how can we say that this life is not worth it when it is sacred and it is the measure? We are here with the National Right to Life resisting—and I use that word as an informed word, not just a random one off the shelf—resisting the movement of Heartbeat, because they believe that if we challenge the Supreme Court, then Kennedy would be—and I will use these words—Justice Kennedy, because I do respect him—using their words, would be forced to vote against Heartbeat and would be in a position to assign Justice Ginsburg to write the majority opinion, in which case she would likely take away all things that we have gained. I say: What? What do we have to lose? What could we possibly lose? All we know is this: 45 years of incrementalism has piled up 60 million dead babies. And we are afraid to challenge the Supreme Court, when every time we knock on their door, we have gained something rather than lost something? Furthermore, society is moving. Society is moving in the direction of life, because we see the ultrasounds. We know. I will say, Mr. Speaker, I always knew. I knew when I picked up my first little baby, little David King, on March 24, 1976, and I looked at him, that little miracle. There was an aura about him. I was so amazed at the miracle of that child, you could have convinced me that he was the second coming of Jesus Christ himself, that aura about him. I was stunned. I was so drawn to him, drawn to that miracle. I had to go to work later on that day, and I was sitting there working and I was thinking: Could anybody take that little baby’s life now, now that he is these few hours old? Could they take his life when he is an hour old? Could they take his life at the moment he was born when he burst forth into the delivery room and began to cry and gurgle and scream and experience the harshness of birth, which has got to be a stunning thing—I am kind of glad, maybe, I don’t remember that myself—but I remember his. An absolute miracle. If they couldn’t take his life the minute after he was born, why could they take it the minute before he was born or the hour or the day? Or could we take his life the week before he was born or the month or the trimester or another trimester? You can follow that all the way back to conception. There is no distinct moment in development of an innocent little baby. Once the sperm fertilizes the egg and you have that unique combination of DNA, from there on, there is no distinct moment or instant. I would like to protect those babies from that moment on, but we can’t prove that fertilization, conception today, medically, in that instant, but we can with a heartbeat. Anyone that has heard a heartbeat knows that that beating heart tells us there is life. It speaks to our hearts and it speaks to our consciences. It is impossible to be a moral human being and make an argument that taking the life of a little baby with a beating heart somehow is justifiable, when we know the potential for that little baby is as great as our own in almost every case. Even if they are not, we have a case that looks like its going before the Supreme Court that bans the abortion of a baby that might be diagnosed with a disease, particularly—an affliction, I should call it—Down syndrome. In Indiana, nowVice President MIKEPENCE  signed the bill. These are some of the most lovable human beings on the planet. They have a heart in them that seems to have more love than the average heart in the rest of us. They have banned the abortion of Down syndrome babies in Indiana. Now, what is curious is, the way that is left, maybe that is upheld in the Supreme Court, maybe it is not, but if it is upheld in the Supreme Court, it leaves the door open for abortion on demand for others who are not diagnosed. So does it say that there will be babies of whom they will deny the diagnosis of the affliction of Down syndrome so they can be aborted? These moral questions should not be answered at all by a civilized society. They should be answered by this: a unique human being created at the moment of conception. We can be certain of that when that baby has a beating heart. If we stop that beating heart, we are ending an innocent human life. That is the question. I would like to start it at the moment of conception, but from a beating heart, that is the time that we can prove it. Now, everybody knows it. Everybody knows it because we have ultrasounds and the audio of that 161 beats a minute. That little granddaughter of mine that, Lord willing, we are expecting her arrival the last week or so in July, that strong, purposeful heart is beating at 161 beats a minute. We can’t stop that life because it is inconvenient, because somebody is inconvenienced by a pregnancy. Why is it that abortion came along shortly after the contraceptives became so available everywhere, all the time, to anybody? b1315 I remember when birth control pills came in, about the midsixties. Shortly after that, here is abortion on demand in 1973. If ever there was contraception 
available on demand, they became available within the decade before Roe v. Wade and Doe v. Bolton. Why did that happen? The least excuse possible was when contraceptives became the most available possible. That all happened almost simultaneously. And by the way, it was my generation coming of age at the time that that happened, Mr. Speaker. So I urge National Right to Life to lead, follow, or get out of the way. I would be awfully happy if you join in and follow, because we know this: there will be a turnover in the United States Supreme Court. We know that the President of the United States has pledged that he will make nominations to the Supreme Court off of the list of 21 that was approved by The Federalist Society, by The Heritage Foundation, and, if it matters, also by me. The first appointment out of that list of 21 is Neil Gorsuch. I think we can be very optimistic about the decisions that he will bring down, from what I know of him and his history and the conversations I have had with the people who have known him for a lifetime. I am very, very impressed with Neil Gorsuch. I might have disagreed with him already on a case a week ago, but I am very impressed with him, with his juris prudence, and with the principles that he carries within him. I would like to let the world know, Mr. Speaker, that when they interviewed the other candidates for Supreme Court, which I learned from White House counsel, they interviewed all 21 on The Federalist Society’s list. And of those 21, they asked them all the same question, a whole series of questions, but they all got one same question, at least, and that was: If it is not to be you who would be nominated for the Supreme Court, who should it be? And of the other 20 who were interviewed, every one answered Neil Gorsuch. What a powerful endorsement of a man’s juris prudence, of a man’s character, of a man’s support among his peers. I say, Mr. Speaker, that I could easily find 20 Members among this Congress who would say those same things about me, but I would have to handpick them. Neil Gorsuch didn’t handpick those 20. They were listed by The Federalist Society and supported by The Heritage Foundation. His peers, universally, said Neil Gorsuch is the best pick. ‘‘If you can’t pick me, Neil Gorsuch is the best pick,’’ was their answer. I would like to know what Neil Gorsuch said when he was asked that question. We may never know that, or perhaps that will be the next appointment to the Supreme Court. But the rumors about Justice Kennedy retiring, not substantiated. They have been coming back a little more all along. We don’t know what he might do, but we do know that time moves on. Turnovers do happen in the Supreme Court. They are eventually inevitable. When that happens, we need to be ready. It won’t do for us to sit on our hands in the House of Representatives, for the Senators to sit on their hands and to wait for a configuration of the Court to come around in such a way that we have great confidence that they will find in favor of life, no. Instead, we need to do our job; and our job is to move the Heartbeat bill, H.R. 490, off the floor of the House of Representatives and send it over to the Senate. It will take some serious work to get that done over there at the Senate, Mr. Speaker, and I think we can get there. But if we are knocking on the door in the Senate, then the Senators who are running for office, and especially a good number of them who are, some say, vulnerable in conservative States, States that Donald Trump won—they have been getting a little more conservative the closer they get to their reelection, and we have got a shot. We have got a shot to put together, maybe after this next election, the 60 votes necessary; and we have got a shot, also, at the Senate changing the rules so they are no longer handcuffed by the filibuster rule and the requirement of 60 votes for cloture in the Senate. We can’t control that, the other side of us. We can influence it perhaps, but we can’t control it. We can control what we do here. That means we have to bring Heartbeat to the floor of the House of Representatives, and we need to get the votes on it to do it. We need to send it over to the Senate. And a way to do that now is for National Right to Life to pick up the phone, call the Speaker, and say: Mr. Speaker, take this cup from me; I don’t want this responsibility. The guilt will be too heavy if there is an appointment to the Supreme Court and the Heartbeat bill hasn’t gotten there because we wouldn’t let it come to the floor of the House of Representatives. That is the guilt they have to carry. By the way, this configuration hasn’t existed in 45 years, where we had the windows open of a prolife majority in the House and in the Senate and a President who will sign it and a Supreme Court that we have confidence will find in favor of life. It hasn’t existed in 45 years. So, if we wait for a Court to get lined up in a way that pleases us, we might well wind up with no way to open up one of the other three windows necessary to get it to the Court. So why wouldn’t we move the ball down the road as far as we can get it, get this thing out of the House of Representatives. Sit it on the desk of MITCH MCCONNELL . If M ITCH can’t get that up this year before the elections in November, or even before the transition takes place in lame duck session, fine. We will start again next January. We will bring Heartbeat here again. We will send it to the Senate again, and the new Senators can deal with it. And maybe they change the rule at that point so that a simple vote—even a 50–50 tie with MIKEPENCE there resolves this thing, sends it to Donald Trump. Donald Trump signs it with MIKEPENCE standing by his side. We send it to a Court that, by then, perhaps, has a new Supreme Court Justice there who would support our Constitution, the rule of law, we the people, the will of the people, and defend the obligation which we have, which is an obligation to defend life first, liberty second, pursuit of happiness third, or, according to the 14th Amendment, property third—those priorities. It is our obligation by Declaration of Independence, it is our obligation by Constitution, it is our obligation by the 14th Amendment, it is our obligation by every measure of humanity that I know of to protect life. I’ll get to this closer, here, before I yield to Mr. CARTER . I was listening to Father Jonathan Morris of New York on FOX News one morning. He was talking about how, when he is celebrating mass in his home church, when the mothers who bring their babies in, when the babies start to cry, they get up and carry the babies out of the church. And he said: I don’t know why they would carry those babies out of the church. They think those crying babies annoy me for some reason. But we should always remember, those babies, those gurgling babies, those crying babies, are the only innocent voices in the entire church. And these babies are the most innocent among us, except the unborn babies don’t have a voice. They can’t cry out to us from anywhere except from Heaven. And they do cry out to us from Heaven, and we do have an obligation to hear them and to ask for forgiveness for what we have done. Mr. Speaker, I would like to conclude my part of this, at least for the moment, and am happy to yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). And I would note that the clock runs out at about 1:32, for the gentleman’s information. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. BUDDY  CARTER . 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Patricia ‘‘Trish’’ DePriest, who will be retiring this week as a casework manager after 34 years of working for the First Congressional District of Georgia. Ms. DePriest has been referred to as the dame of Savannah’s political scene but is, frankly, so much more than that. She has worked for three consecutive Members of Congress from Georgia’s First Congressional District. She started working in 1983 for Congressman Lindsey Thomas. After that, she worked for Congressman Jack Kingston. Now she works for me. One of the first questions that I got when I was elected to this office came from a lot of constituents who said, ‘‘Are you going to keep Trish?’’ And I 
would just think to myself, ‘‘A better question is: Is Trish going to keep me?’’ Well, fortunately, she did, and I am glad she did. Throughout the First Congressional District of Georgia, if you say Trish’s name, nearly everyone you speak to will have either a story about how she helped them or at least know someone whom she had helped. She has pushed passport applications. She is a passport expert. No one knows the passport system better than Trish DePriest, I assure you. She has passed through passport applications with lightning speed. She has pulled veterans benefits out of the most unlikely situations and cleared up entanglements in Social Security checks in order to get constituents back on their feet, and oftentimes at a low point in their lives. Constituents who come to Ms. DePriest often have nowhere else to turn, yet she is the secret weapon that always seems to come through in the most desperate situations. One of her most famous cases includes helping a man who, quite literally, woke up next to a dumpster in Richmond Hill, Georgia, with no memory at all of any friends, of any family, or of his past life. Trish was tasked with helping build it back again from ground zero. To give you a sense of her blunt personality, she told the Savannah Morning News: ‘‘It’s like he appeared here from another planet.’’ After 34 years of working for Congress, she has developed personal relationships with all the relevant staff members at each government agency, allowing her to perform her mighty tasks for constituents that other caseworkers may take years to develop. She has learned throughout her years to always ask constituents for the other side of the story, which she has become famous for drawing out, while using this to her advantage in performing casework. A countless number of constituents whom she has helped out over the years come in and out of the Savannah office each day just to chat with Trish, update her on their lives, and become her friend. Her bluntness and wit, her intelligence and sense of caring not only keep constituents coming back for her friendship, but keep her own work colleagues with a high level of morale. But Ms. DePriest, Trish, is more than just an excellent caseworker and staple of government in the First Congressional District of Georgia. Trish was a loving spouse of 50 years to her husband, Joseph Roy DePriest, Jr., who passed away in 2012. She is a caring mother to Lisanne and Jamey. She is also a breast cancer survivor, a testament to her strong will. In fitting fashion, when Trish was told of her diagnosis of breast cancer, she says she was more mad than scared and decided to jump in feet first and attack the problem—and that she did. There will never be another Trish DePriest for the First Congressional District of Georgia, but I know she will be around, helping other people wherever she can, and I hope everyone learns from her abundance of knowledge and her outlook on life. Trish, we are going to miss you in the office. We are going to miss you a lot. We want you to have a happy and a welldeserved retirement. Thank you for your service to the people of the First Congressional District of Georgia. God bless you, Trish. 
b1330 ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FASO). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is always an honor to speak here, and especially to follow friends—very dear friends—hear STEVE KINGtalk about the importance of life. I know there is historical accounts in the Old Testament when it talked about different kings and what went on while they were there. It normally says something like: ‘‘and he did evil in the eyes of the Lord,’’ or ‘‘he did right in the eyes of the Lord.’’ And every now and then, there is an addition to emphasize just how evil the people were. A society was under a particular king in Israel, and that addition was whenever—now and then, it would mention that mothers and fathers were sacrificing their babies on the altar of some idol. And only if you believe the Old Testament, like the majority of Americans have for all our history, that ought to be quite an awakening when you realize that we have killed over 60 million babies. I have talked to so many women who are brokenhearted, and they have got to learn to give it up and move on, but it eats away at them, the thought that they allowed a precious life to be taken that nature had entrusted them with. So, anyway, I just hate to see any women eaten up with guilt. And it is not because there is a pro life movement. It was there long before a prolife movement. I hope that we can get the Heartbeat bill that my friend STEVE KINGwas advocating, I hope we could get that passed and get it to the Supreme Court. Some of the rulings over the years have had to do with the ambiguity, the vagaries in at what point an abortion was no longer allowed. But any of us, if you see someone hurt and you want to find out if they are alive, you run up and you check. And if you find a heartbeat, then you call an ambulance—you call 911 and ask for an ambulance. If there is no heartbeat, then you report a dead body, and there is no lifesaving effort at all made if there is no heartbeat. So I thought it was brilliant to have an approach like that. There are still some vagaries as to when a child first starts feeling pain in the womb, but there is no question, if you have on videotape evidence of the heartbeat, you see it, you hear it, then that is not so obscure that even some of the dense heads at the Supreme Court would be able to realize, yup, that is proof positive, that is hard, objective proof that there is a life and being worth protecting. So I really applaud and join in with my friend STEVE KING’s efforts, and we hope that even the last holdout prolife groups, the National Right to Life, would get onboard. Most of us here that are prolife, if we hear that there is any bill that will save innocent lives, we get onboard; count me in; I want to be part of it; I want to support it. So it is really intriguing when we have a bill that will save lives, even more than bills that that person or that group is already sponsoring. And if anybody holds back, I don’t know—there is not a good reason for holding back, and hopefully, it is not just for selfish reasons. Because the real prolife folks, we support anybody’s bill. We don’t care. If one of my Democrat friends bring it, it doesn’t matter. If it is a good bill, we want to be there for it. I have just finished filing, just moments ago, a new bill, and it has come over a long period of time—agonizing. Especially having been a felony judge, handled major civil litigation as well, and then having been briefly a chief justice of a court of appeals, when I see judges that are so immoral and outrageously unconstitutional that they become monarchs in their own little kingdoms, and they refuse to follow the Constitution like I did—I wanted to legislate. I disagreed with laws that existed, and especially some Federal laws that existed, so when my term was up, I didn’t—the Governor offered to appoint me to another appeals position, and I said: ‘‘No, I want to legislate.’’ And to legislate, I have to run for office to do that as a legislator. So I ran for Congress, and it was—it required financial sacrifice of basically everything my wife and I had, except our home and our cars, but, hopefully, before long, we will finish paying off our kids’ college loans. They shouldn’t have to pay them because, before I went on the bench, we had money set aside to deal with that. But in the major financial adjustment from what I was making to what I made on the bench as a judge, that was part of the sacrifice, and I didn’t want my kids to have to suffer—my wife and I didn’t—because I chose to be a public servant. But coming to legislature, here is the way you legislate. And we have too many judges that have not only been legislating, but on the issues of immigration, asylum, naturalization, DACA, we have had judges become all three branches. To me, that means they need to be removed from office—just removed. They need to be impeached and removed from the bench. 
Doing that much damage to our constitutional system of restraint, of checks and balances, they have blown away all the checks and balances, and the only check on them, they think, ought to be in a higher court. Unfortunately, we have people on the Supreme Court that are violating the Constitution, violating their oath, which, of course, would be a basis for removal. But they have become legislators, and anyone who can read, can read the Constitution and see where the power is on naturalization, immigration: it is in the Congress. And there are certain executive powers that are newer to the executive branch, to the President—through the President to the immigration authorities, and we have judges that have usurped executive power, congressional power. And Congress has given certain authority to the President that we have the power to do. And then to have judges come in and make national security decisions when they have a fraction, a tiny, tiny fraction of the information needed to make adequate national security decisions, that is why the Constitution did not put national security decisions in the hands of the courts. So under our immigration laws that Congress had full authority to pass and did, immigration courts were set up. Now, I had quite significant concerns when I realized that Eric Holder, as Attorney General, then Loretta Lynch, they appointed all of the immigration judges without any other confirmation requirement. They just could pick them, and they served. That was a bit alarming. And in previous legislation, I had assurances that my concerns would be fixed and we would come up with a way to confirm immigration judges. We still don’t have a consensus on that. But nonetheless, in view of some of the decisions in recent days where a district judge in a small district in the United States, one little district in one State decides a national security issue for the whole country, it is outrageous. Putting this Nation at risk because of their constitutional violations, which means their violations of their oath—and I agree with my friends here in Congress that say it is time to start bringing those people—I believe my friend, JEFF DUNCAN , was mentioning it earlier today. It is time to bring judges like that before our Judiciary Committee and vote to impeach them for violating their oath, violating the Constitution. Violating an oath is, I think, quite a significant charge in and of itself. It is a crime. But we have got to do something to rein in the runaway judiciary. You know, the Founders, numerous of them had commented the judiciary will be the least threat to our checks and balances because they will have the least power. But somehow, all these years later, since 1789, when the Constitution was ratified, the judicial part of our government has become really the biggest threat to checks and balances, to the constitutional restraints on power, which means they are a threat to our ongoing representative form of government. So we obviously have to have quick decisions, quicker than have been made, regarding immigration status. And of course, the judges that Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch appointed had no problem at all saying: Okay. Here is your notice. We are not going to restrain you. You can go wherever you want, but come back in 4 years for a hearing. And, of course, most of them never came back. And many of them, turns out, they have gotten taxpayer IDs so they can file tax returns, not for the purpose of paying more tax, but so that they can get back more tax than they paid in by claiming a bunch of children. There have been TV stations and others that have looked into specific claims and found there is some places where there would be one house, dozens of kids would be allegedly in that house being claimed as dependents, and different families claiming dependents, but there is no telling how much. I am sure it is billions of dollars that have been paid out to people illegally in the country for claiming that they have children. Some have been found. Okay, they had children, but they were in Mexico or Central America, and yet we are paying them for being here as illegal aliens, and not just through earned income tax credit—or the child tax credit, rather, but also for all kinds of benefits that they sign up for and get—food stamps, right on along the line. But in order to stop one little district judge in one remote part of the country from deciding national security issues that put American citizens at risk, it is time to do what constitutional law professors have talked about for years—maybe not in some Ivy League schools where they don’t really teach the Constitution. They teach how to avoid the Constitution. But as my constitutional law professor, David Guinn, used to say at Baylor Law School, there is only one Federal court, tribunal of any kind that owes its existence to the Constitution, that is the Supreme Court. Every other Federal court owes its existence and its jurisdiction to the United States Congress. Now, that is the Constitution. So, as some have said, Congress has the power to bring courts into the world, and we have the power to take them out. We have the power to say: This is your jurisdiction, and no more, or you will take on this area. b1345 So we created immigration courts. We do need them, and we have to have them make decisions much more quickly. That is one of the things I am so grateful to Jeff Sessions for. He is appointing great immigration judges. They are making decisions as quickly as possible, so they don’t leave people in limbo for years, like was done in the past 8, or prior to the Trump administration. So he is making progress there. But since Congress clearly has the power to set the jurisdiction for every Federal court tribunal of any kind, then it is time to do what my new bill—and I just got the number, and I appreciate the clerk’s quick and efficient efforts—but this now will be H.R. 5648. It says: To amend title 28 of the U.S. Code, to provide for Supreme Court original jurisdiction over certain immigration actions, and for other purposes. 
The Supreme Court and any immigration court established under the immigration laws, as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, are the only courts that shall have jurisdiction in which a claimant shall have standing to raise issues of immigration, naturalization, refugee status, asylum, and any other related matter or case involving a claimed right to enter or remain in the United States, or any case or controversy of any provision of the immigration laws, or any order issued or rule made pursuant thereto. 
In other words, we need to end these runaway rapscallion judges who got through a confirmation by hook or crook and showed their real colors when they got out on the bench that they want to be little monarchs. It is time to rein in their jurisdiction so they can do no further damage to this Nation to our national security, which was never placed in the hands of the judiciary, it was always to be in the hands of the President and the Congress. I hope we can get plenty of cosponsors and bring that to the floor. I really believe that, in this election year, if we can get that to the floor and pass it here in the House, then, in this election year, there could be so much pressure brought to bear on Senators down the hall. We ought to be able to get it passed. It may be a long shot, but it was a long shot that the little 13 colonies could take on the most powerful country in the world, the most powerful Navy, the most powerful Army in the world, and win their independence, but they did. That is the hope that springs internal in the human breast. We have to start somewhere, and that is a start. Now, it took me weeks to get it done, but I have written an article recently. Giving attribution, there are many other articles and sources I used in accumulating these 48 pages. But after standing up a number of times in our conference and pointing out to the Republicans in conference that any Republican who says they know Robert Mueller will be fair or come to a fair decision or a fair conclusion or be just, they don’t know the Robert Mueller I know. Here is where you get into a lot of different opinions, but that is where it is helpful to look at things that he has done in his life. 
I had hoped that, because he seemed clearly to be a person who should never have accepted the job of special counsel, that he was recusable. He was not qualified to be the special counsel on anything involving Russia, and certainly not the Trump campaign and Russia. Yet Rod Rosenstein, as the deputy AG, who had been involved in the Russia illegal attempts to gain control of U.S. uranium—and they knew that Russia was committing crimes to try to get our uranium—and Mueller was the head of the FBI, and he was the lead law enforcement person overseeing the operation, there was an informant within the system that was providing information to the Justice Department to Rosenstein and Mueller. Yet they put the kibosh on the investigation and the crimes that were being committed to get U.S. uranium. If they had not, then the sale of U.S. uranium that would end up in the hands of Russia would never have been allowed to go through. CFIUS that approves sales that are sensitive to our security, they surely could never have approved the sale if Rosenstein and Mueller had just been honest and open that there is an investigation to Russia’s illegal attempts to get our uranium. But, if they had spoken up about that, I don’t think there is any question that the Clinton Foundation would never have gotten $145 million in contributions from people involved with the uranium sale. And it is quite likely that Bill Clinton would not have gotten $500,000 to speak for 20 minutes from Russia. But I have written an article, 48 pages, entitled: ‘‘Robert Mueller: Unmasked.’’ You can go to my website. You can go to Sean Hannity’s website, or others. I wouldn’t do it on Google because of their dishonesty when it comes to conservatives. But DuckDuckGo. Bing is not as bad as Google. But look up ‘‘Robert Mueller: Unmasked’’ and download this article, read it, and arrive at your own opinion. This week, I found an article I had not seen before, by Eren Moreno, back in January of this year, entitled ‘‘Mueller, Rosenstein, and McCabe Exposed Covering Hillary’s Uranium One Scandal.’’ At the end of the article, they reference a succinct recitation of things that have occurred. We don’t know who this person is. He has used an anonymous name. But here is the thread. He says: ‘‘As we now know, the DOJ have indicted a Mark Lambert on 11 counts related to his role in a bribery, money laundering, and kickback scheme.’’ Involving the sale of our uranium that would end up in Russian hands. So they finally indicted somebody over this. There have been others who have been quietly handled, and they are referenced here. And they reference an article here from the New York Post. It says: ‘‘Exec charged with bribing Russian official in uranium deal. There’s an indictment in the FBI probe of the Uranium One scandal, in which the Obama administration cleared a business deal that gave a Russian company control of 20 percent of the U.S. uranium.’’ ‘‘Background and reminder: from at least 2008, Robert Mueller’s FBI were investigating Tenam, the U.S.based subsidiary of Tenex, a subsidiary of Rosatom, the Kremlin’s (Putin’s) energy company. The same Rosatom that purchased Uranium One.’’ ‘‘Tenam was importing Russian uranium into the U.S. Between 2004–2014, the local manager, Mikerin, engaged with U.S. companies Transport Logistics (TL) and NexGen Security in a racketeering, wire fraud, bribery, and money laundering scheme.’’ ‘‘When a TL insider, William Campbell, blew the whistle on what he was seeing, Mueller’s FBI started an investigation that led to at least four indictments by Holder’s DOJ.’’ ‘‘Remember—the Tenam investigation is related to the Uranium One (U1) sale. That’s because the Tenam investigation was hidden from Congress and CFIUS’’—the group that analyzes and approves or disapproves foreign investments in the U.S.—‘‘who approved the U1 sale in October 2010. If either had known about it, it’s highly unlikely the U1 sale would have been approved.’’ ‘‘And the more you analyze the Tenam investigation, the more it appears that the Obama administration and/or Clintons deliberately wanted it hidden. Consider.’’ ‘‘William Campbell—the whistleblower. . . . ‘’ He is the one who was providing information to Mueller’s FBI about the illegal acts of Russia. Now, there are times that the witness wants witness protection, wants to be anonymous, and doesn’t want anybody to know who he was, or who she was, and so for those reasons of the informant’s safety it is not given. But that was not the case. Mueller at the FBI, the DOJ took a very unusual step. Instead of preventing others from knowing who this person was, they went after William Campbell and made him sign—under threat that they would come after and prosecute him—made him sign a nondisclosure agreement. Incredible. They didn’t want—Rosenstein, who is the U.S. attorney over the investigation—they didn’t want Campbell out telling about all of the crimes committed in Russia’s acquisition of U.S. uranium. They have their own informant sign a nondisclosure agreement under threat so he wouldn’t let anybody know about all the criminality surrounding Russia’s efforts to get our uranium. That doesn’t make sense, unless you know how much money came into the Clinton Foundation after the deal was approved. This goes on. It says: ‘‘Now consider this—none of the four indictments ever saw the light of day.’’ Actually, that is not quite accurate. They just handled it very quietly. It says: ‘‘Every one was either quietly settled under plea agreements, or dropped entirely, as follows.’’ ‘‘Mikerin, the Tenam manager, was sentenced to 48 months under a plea deal, for crimes that had 20plus year sentences.’’ That was in: ‘‘United States of America v. Vadim Mikerin—Original Indictment 11/12/14. Conspiracy to Interfere with Interstate Commerce by Extortion . . . Forfeiture.’’ Darren Condrey had a plea agreement regarding his violations of antibribery and conspiracy laws. Carol Condrey had a plea agreement, and her case was dropped. Rubizhevsky from NexGen had the case settled with a plea agreement. That is astonishing given the charges. This stinks to high heaven. Mueller needs to go ahead and recuse himself and step down, and Rosenstein should do the same thing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of medical reasons. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, May 1, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3997. A bill to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–658). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 2152. A bill to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice, which use such funds 
for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–659). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. HANDEL (for herself, Mr. PETERS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. MARINO ): H.R. 5645. A bill to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. DIAZBALART , and Mrs. L OVE): H.R. 5646. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to submit to Congress a report on opioids prescribing practices for pregnant women; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. HARRIS , and Mr. R OSS): H.R. 5647. A bill to include Hungary in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E1 and E2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of Hungary; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 5648. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for Supreme Court original jurisdiction over certain immigration actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ARRINGTON (for himself, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. WENSTRUP ): H.R. 5649. A bill to amend titles 10 and 38, United States Code, to amend the Social Security Act, and to direct the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Defense, Labor, and Homeland Security, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to take certain actions to improve transition assistance to members of the Armed Forces who separate, retire, or are discharged from the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 5650. A bill to direct the Attorney General to make grants to States that have in place laws that expand the protections offered to victims of sex offenses who are not in a familiar or dating relationship with the perpetrators of such offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico (for herself, Mr. SOTO, Mr. K ING of New York, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5651. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt from the foreign insurer excise tax certain insurance policies issued by United States territory and possession insurers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Ms. NORTON, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. C OOPER): H.R. 5652. A bill to prohibit the transfer of a firearm to a person whose State license to purchase, own, or possess a firearm has been revoked, or a person who has been ordered by a State court to surrender all firearms; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. ABRAHAM, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B LUM, Mr. B UDD, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. GARRETT , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. NORMAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. YOHO, Mr. B UCK, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. BIGGS, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. BARLETTA , and Mr. B RAT): H.R. 5653. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that any alien who has been convicted of a felony or two misdemeanors, is deportable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas (for himself and Mr. POLIQUIN ): H.R. 5654. A bill to amend the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 to include the rural development voucher program as a covered housing program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 5655. A bill to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5656. A bill to clarify the meaning of the term ‘prevailing party’ with regard to the recovery of attorneys’ fees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 5657. A bill to establish the registration of violent gun offenders, provide for sufficient notification of their whereabouts, to honor the memory of Gladys Ricart and other gun crime victims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself, Ms. TENNEY , Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. KINGof Iowa): H.R. 5658. A bill to amend the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 to clarify the definition of competitive integrated employment; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself and Mr. HUIZENGA ): H.R. 5659. A bill to amend the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 to provide relief from the Volcker Rule for community banks; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. LOWEY: H.R. 5660. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide coverage under such Act for credit cards issued to small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico (for himself and Mr. MULLIN ): H.R. 5661. A bill to improve access by Indian tribes to support from the Schools and Libraries Universal Service Support program (Erate) of the Federal Communications Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 5662. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to equalize the charitable mileage rate with the business travel rate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5663. A bill to cut federal funding of Sanctuary Cities and use those funds for building a wall on the border with Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Financial Services, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Miss RICE of New York (for herself and Mr. KINGof New York): H.R. 5664. A bill to require a report on the possible exploitation of virtual currencies by terrorist actors, to authorize a competition program to identify regulatory solutions and develop technology with respect to counter terror threat financing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 5665. A bill to amend the Labormanagement Reporting and Disclosure Act of 1959 to clarify the term labor organization; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROSS (for himself and Mr. HECK): H.R. 5666. A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to include the State insurance commissioner as a voting member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. COURTNEY ): H.R. 5667. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to reauthorize the Acer Access and Development Program; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Mr. HOYER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. HECK, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. C OLE, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. MEEKS ): H. Res. 855. A resolution recognizing the Nordic Heritage Museum in Seattle, Washington, as the National Nordic Museum; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 856. A resolution raising a question of the privileges of the House. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. BORDALLO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. LOWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. PANETTA , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. POLIS, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. SABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. VELA): H. Res. 857. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 29, 2018, through May 5, 2018, as ‘‘National Small Business Week’’ to honor the vital role of small business and the passion of entrepreneurs in the United States; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. H URD, Mr. DOGGETT , and Mr. C UELLAR ): H. Res. 858. A resolution recognizing the 300th anniversary of the founding of the city of San Antonio, Texas; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. MOULTON , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. L EE, Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. NOLAN , Mr. M AC ARTHUR , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. PALLONE , and Ms. P INGREE ): H. Res. 859. A resolution recognizing the contributions of senior volunteers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. P ALLONE , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. PANETTA , Ms. L EE, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K ILMER, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. POCAN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. CORREA ): H. Res. 860. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of GLSEN’s 2018 national ‘‘Day of Silence’’ in bringing attention to antilesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) namecalling, bullying, and harassment faced by individuals in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. YOHO): H. Res. 861. A resolution supporting the President’s diplomatic efforts on the Korean Peninsula; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. POLIS, and Mr. B UCK): H. Res. 862. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to prohibit the consideration of legislation in the House unless the text of the legislation which will be considered has been made publicly available in electronic form for a mandatory minimum review period; to the Committee on Rules. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. FUDGE , Ms. ADAMS , Mr. E VANS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. MCEACHIN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. L EE, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. DINGELL , and Mr. K IND): H. Res. 863. A resolution honoring Velvalea ‘‘Vel’’ Phillips for a life of public service; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia (for himself, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. KATKO , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. NORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. COHEN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. M ENG, Mr. A LLEN , Ms. ESHOO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. FUDGE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. FERGUSON , Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. EVANS , Mr. M ARSHALL , and Mrs. H ANDEL ): H. Res. 864. A resolution recognizing the seriousness of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) and expressing support for the designation of the month of September 2018 as ‘‘PCOS Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. MCNERNEY , and Mr. S MITH of Washington): H. Res. 865. A resolution honoring Tracy K. Smith for her selection by the Librarian of Congress as the 22d Poet Laureate of the United States and recognizing her great accomplishments; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
188. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Arizona, relative to House Concurrent Memorial 2004, urging the United States Congress and the Arizona Medical Community to Take Action Against StateSanctioned Organ Transplant Practices in China; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and the Judiciary. 189. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Concurrent Memorial 1007, urging the United States Congress to Reauthorize Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act Funding; jointly to the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Resources. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois introduced a bill (H.R. 5668) for the relief of Mykhaylo Gnatyuk and Melnik Gnatyuk; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mrs. HANDEL: H.R. 5645. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 5646. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5647. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 to establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 5648. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 By Mr. ARRINGTON: H.R. 5649. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5650. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 5651. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which provide as follows: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; [. . .]—And To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Moreover, the Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article IV, Section 3, which provides, in relevant part, as follows: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 5652. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 5653. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 4, (the Naturalization Clause) which gives Congress sovereign control over immigration. In Chirac v. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 173: Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. R USSELL . H.R. 547: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 559: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 685: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 792: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 811: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 846: Mr. SUOZZI and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 930: Mr. DENTand Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 959: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1123: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1212: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. SUOZZI , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B ERGMAN , and Mr. MAST. H.R. 1421: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 1444: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 1552: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 1606: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 1676: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 1841: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1864: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1881: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan and Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 1910: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1972: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2077: Mr. TURNER and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 2215: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2267: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2310: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 2319: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2482: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 2528: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 2561: Mr. BUDDand Mr. C OLE. H.R. 2640: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2832: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 2860: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 2871: Mr. PALMER . H.R. 3006: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3023: Mr. COLE. H.R. 3174: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 3197: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3246: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3252: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 3440: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3495: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 3596: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 3671: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 3721: Ms. NORTON , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 3738: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3792: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3861: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 3931: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 3941: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 4022: Mr. HIMES and Ms. C LARK of Mas sachusetts. H.R. 4083: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 4231: Mr. PALMER . H.R. 4240: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 4265: Mr. WALKER . H.R. 4311: Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 4334: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 4349: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4350: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4351: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4352: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4353: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4354: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4355: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4356: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4357: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4358: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4548: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4596: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4733: Mr. LAMB, Mr. B UCK, Mr. ARRINGTON , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 4796: Mr. COFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 4843: Mr. SUOZZI and Ms. S HEAPORTER. H.R. 4984: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5038: Mr. POCAN and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5041: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5042: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5049: Mr. JONES . H.R. 5108: Mr. COHEN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. NOLAN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. WELCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 5113: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5137: Mr. LAMBand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5173: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5190: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5193: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5212: Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5226: Mr. ELLISON and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5256: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 5306: Ms. SPEIER and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 5350: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 5383: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 5464: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 5476: Mr. DENT. H.R. 5510: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 5531: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5573: Ms. JACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 5574: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5593: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 5604: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 5631: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5644: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H. Res. 69: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H. Res. 188: Mr. FERGUSON . H. Res. 758: Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 781: Ms. LEEand Ms. M ATSUI . H. Res. 789: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. C RIST. H. Res. 818: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H. Res. 827: Mr. POCAN . H. Res. 834: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H. Res. 835: Mrs. DAVIS of California, Ms. MENG, Mr. M AST, and Ms. P INGREE . H. Res. 837: Mr. RASKIN . H. Res. 849: Mr. RASKIN . H. Res. 850: Mr. POCAN , Mr. L EWIS of Geor gia, and Ms. KAPTUR . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H. Res. 774: Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge petition: 
Petition 8 by Mr. COHEN on H.R. 4669: Mr. Gottheimer. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my colleagues, Congressman JIM COSTA and Congressman J EFF DENHAM , to celebrate the life of Rick Lester Antle, a pioneer in the Salinas Valley agriculture industry. From the age of 26, Rick was the President and CEO of Tanimura & Antle, one of the largest leafy greens and vegetable producers in the region. Rick always put family first, whether it was his beloved wife, grandchildren, or his own children—two of whom followed in their dad’s footsteps to work with the familyrun company. The value of family was instilled in Rick, with his business growing out of a long partnership between the Tanimura and Antle families. After being placed in an internment camp during World War II and losing their farmland, the Tanimura family rebuilt their farming operation in the Salinas Valley. Rick’s grandfather, Bud Antle, was a prominent shipper and salesman at the time, and formed a natural partnership with the Tanimura family as a supplier. For years, the two families worked together to benefit each other. In 1982, the two families decided to go into business together by forming Tanimura & Antle, with the Tanimura family continuing to tend the land and the Antle family handling the shipping and selling of produce. Following the lead of his father and grandfather, Rick worked to keep family at the heart of T&A’s mission. He saw his employees at T&A as family and always worked to put them first, investing time and money into making their lives better. When Rick realized his employees were having a difficult time affording housing in the Salinas Valley, he established an initiative in Spreckels, California to provide housing for 800 T&A employees. This project set the gold standard for farmworker housing and highlights the level of care Rick had for his workers. Following the establishment of the Spreckels Crossing housing project, Rick transitioned his company to offer an Employee Stock Ownership Plan, allowing T&A employees to own a stake in the company. Rick recognized that the success of his business was due to his dedicated employees, and believed everyone should benefit from this shared achievement. In addition to investing in his employees, Rick was on the forefront of advancing specialty crop innovation. From developing machines that reduce production inputs to implementing entire growing systems focused on conservation, Rick’s commitment to good stewardship of land, air, and water was reflected in his practices. Under his leadership, T&A has continuously shown how and why investments in agriculture technology are necessary. We each have benefitted from personally knowing Rick. As members of Congress, he helped us improve our understanding of the California agriculture industry and those who work in it. He always made a point to stress the value of the farming communities in our districts. After all, they were his family. Rick’s leadership in the Salinas Valley has transformed the region, further establishing the area as the ‘‘Salad Bowl of the World,’’ and his legacy will continue to propel this industry forward. A true giant in both personality and professional impact, Rick’s presence in our community will be profoundly missed. 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTOPHER G. DAWES ON HIS RETIREMENT AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF LUCILE PACKARD CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my deepest gratitude to Christopher Dawes for his extraordinary leadership as President and Chief Executive Officer of Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at Stanford and to congratulate him on his wellearned retirement. Christopher Dawes earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Public Administration from San Diego State University and an MBA from the McLaren School of Business at the University of San Francisco. While his first job was delivering newspapers at the age of 12, Chris has had a long and distinguished career in hospital management and held senior management positions at Santa Clara Valley Medical Center, Pacific Presbyterian Medical Center and Stanford Hospital. He joined the Packard team in 1991 and was named its President and CEO in 1999. Chris Dawes is a nationally recognized leader having served as Board Chair of the Children’s Health Corporation of America (CHCA), a national purchasing organization for medical supplies for children’s hospitals. He was Chair of the Board of the National Association of Children’s Hospitals and Related Institutions (NACHRI), a public policy organization, and he was deeply involved in the development of national policies for America’s children as Chair of NACHRI during the development of the Affordable Care Act. It was his vision to consolidate CHCA and NACHRI into one organization, persuading his colleagues of the benefit of consolidation, which is now the Children’s Hospital Association based in Washington, D.C. During Chris’s tenure Packard has been consistently ranked as one of the nation’s best Children’s Hospitals by U.S. News and World Report. Under his leadership, excellent nationally ranked clinical services were created and investments were made in the Children’s Health Research Initiative. A network known as the Packard Children’s Health Alliance was built to provide 60 Bay Area locations with access to the care the Hospital provides, and a new, $1.2 billion, 521,000 square foot main building, a multiyear undertaking, was completed. Chris was an engaged executive who led the Hospital through a transition to the lean management approach known as the Toyota Production System, and he imparted his values of serving all who need care, regardless of ability to pay, to everyone who served with him. Mr. Speaker, I am exceedingly proud to have worked closely with Chris Dawes from my first day in Congress to his retirement, spanning over 25 years. He has led with distinction, purpose and integrity, and transformed Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital into the gold standard of care for children in our country. For all this and more, I ask the entire House of Representatives to join me in honoring this good and great man, and wishing him and his wife Beth every blessing in his retirement. We are a better, stronger country because of Chris Dawes’s unparalleled leadership. 
CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHARLES DEL ‘‘SHAWN’’ JENNINGS UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE MARINE CORPS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Lieutenant Colonel Charles Del ‘‘Shawn’’ Jennings for twentytwo years of service with the Marine Corps. Lieutenant Colonel Jennings was born in Fort Worth, Texas and began his education in the Fort Worth Independent School District, attending David K. Sellars Elementary School. He later attended North Carolina Central University, and was a teacher and coach for five years before being commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Corps in August of 1997. In July of 2005, LtCol Jennings deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and served with distinction during his deployment to the Middle East. In 2011, LtCol Jennings deployed with the Division in support of Operation Tomadachi to provide humanitarian, disaster and relief assistance to the people of Japan in the aftermath of the massive earthquake and tsunami on Mainland Japan. Two years later, he returned to Quantico for duty as the Assistant Chief of Staff G–1, Marine Corps Recruiting Command. LtCol Jennings has been highly decorated throughout his military career. His awards include: the Meritorious Service Medal with 2 gold stars for third award, The Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal with 2 gold stars for third award, the Navy Marine Corps Achievement Medal, The Iraq Campaign 
Medal, The Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, The Humanitarian Service Medal, and a Recruiting Ribbon. He also holds two Additional Military Occupational Specialties; 4802 Recruiting OfficerOperational Expert and 4804 Recruiting OfficerMultiple Tour Expert. LtCol Jennings is happily married to the former Michelle Ingram of Wilmington, North Carolina. They have a daughter, Jasmine, who is a second year law student at UNC Chapel Hill and a son, Jordan, who is High School Junior at Massaponax High School, in Fredericksburg, Virginia. Please join me in thanking Lieutenant Colonel Charles Del ‘‘Shawn’’ Jennings for his many years of service to our nation. I wish him all the best in his new endeavors. 
IN SUPPORT OF INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS, SCHOLARS AND THEIR FAMILIES 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the contribution that international students, scholars and their families make when we welcome them to this great country. Attracting international students makes our country better and is simply smart policy. To remain a global leader in STEM and in business, we need international students. They help America lead in technological innovation and scientific discoveries. Not only that, nearly onequarter of the founders of the ‘‘billion dollar startups’’ first came to America as international students. Our economy is stronger because of international students and their families that supported 450,000 jobs and contributed nearly $37 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2016–2017 academic year. In my home state of Rhode Island, international students supported almost 2,500 jobs and contributed over $235 million to the state economy in the same period. Crosscultural exchange between international students and U.S. students creates mutual respect for cultural differences. In some cases, future U.S. and foreign leaders will have studied or conducted research together, creating even more direct diplomatic ties beneficial to national security. Unfortunately, fewer international students are applying to study in the U.S. The number of newly arriving international students declined in fall 2017—with 45 percent of campuses reporting drops in new international enrollment according to the Institute of International Education. In February, for the first time in over a decade, the Council on Graduate Schools reported that international graduate student enrollment went down last fall. The current administration continues to spread antiimmigrant rhetoric and propose extremist limits on travel and immigration to our country. Many international students now see the U.S. as less welcoming to foreigners than other countries. There is also uncertainty about whether they will be granted visas to go to school and to work here. This is truly a loss for our country because we are in a global competition to attract international talent. Our country’s loss will be another’s gain, as these students will go to school in Canada, Australia, China or another country that has more welcoming policies. The month of May is a critical time when international students must commit to their college or university of choice. Therefore, I would like to recognize the vital economic, academic and cultural contributions that international students make and to say you are welcome here. f 
TRIBUTE TO MONSIGNOR JOHN MORETTA ON THE OCCASION OF HIS 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF ORDINATION INTO THE PRIESTHOOD AND HIS 35TH ANNIVERSARY AS PASTOR OF RESURRECTION CHURCH IN BOYLE HEIGHTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 50 years of priesthood for Father John Moretta from Resurrection Church in Boyle Heights. Father John has worked tirelessly to empower his community through the activism he leads from Resurrection Church. From paving the way forward on environmental justice issues, to keeping crime away from marginalized families through its Neighborhood Watch Group, and working with grassroots advocates like the Mothers of East L.A. to fight for DREAMers, Father John has served as the lynchpin of the Boyle Heights community for 50 years. As we mark his Golden Jubilee, I’d like to thank Monsignor John Moretta for his service to Boyle Heights. It is my honor to work with him to serve California’s 34th Congressional District. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Representative Patti Bellock of Hinsdale, Illinois. Representative Bellock has served as a member of the Illinois General Assembly, representing the 47th district since 1998, and has been a champion for victims of domestic violence. On Saturday, April 28, Representative Bellock will be recognized by Family Shelter Services, which works to combat domestic violence in DuPage County, and provides relief and support to victims from all walks of life. Representative Bellock is being recognized for her constant support of the agency’s mission, advocacy for tougher laws on domestic violence and efforts to keep Family Shelter Services funded in whole. During Representative Bellock’s time in the Illinois General Assembly, she has been a strong voice for victims of domestic violence and tougher laws on domestic violence. Representative Bellock is a member of the Human Trafficking Task Force and has received national attention for her leadership in passing the Grant Accountability and Transparency Act (GATA). GATA eliminates duplicative grant requirements and reduces administrative burdens for agencies, while increasing accountability and transparency throughout the process. GATA provides relief and support to agencies like Family Shelter Services, allowing them to best serve communities in need. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing and thanking Representative Patti Bellock for her tireless work advocating for victims of domestic violence and tougher laws on domestic violence. f 
IN CELEBRATION OF MRS. GRACE HATCHER ADKINS’ 90TH BIRTHDAY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and birthday wishes to Mrs. Grace Hatcher Adkins. She will celebrate her 90th birthday on Friday, May 18, 2018 at Westwood Schools Auditorium at 225 Fuller Street in Camilla, Georgia. Mrs. Adkins was born in 1928 to Mr. Clifford Edward Hatcher and Mrs. Agnes Faircloth Hatcher. The Newton, Georgia native began teaching in 1946 at the age of 18, and used the valuable lessons instilled in her by her family to guide her students. Mrs. Adkins’ life’s work always centered on young people and helping them reach their full potential. She truly understood that ‘‘Education is the passport to the future; it belongs to those who prepare for it today.’’ Throughout her remarkable 58 year career, she made it her mission to help every child be successful. She devoted countless time and energy into helping and supporting her students, especially those with learning disabilities. In 1980, she created one of the first Learning Labs in the State of Georgia at Westwood Schools in Camilla. The impact of the Learning Lab was so profound that educators from across the nation inquired about her techniques, which she acknowledged were fueled by her immense love for teaching and her desire to reach every student. Westwood Schools ultimately named the Learning Lab in her honor. The poet Maya Angelou once said that, ‘‘I’ve learned that you shouldn’t go through life with a catcher’s mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back.’’ Grace HatcherAdkins threw a prodigious amount of care and attention back to the students that she loved so dearly. She inspired several of her students to become lawyers, doctors, educators, professionals, business owners, and leaders in their own communities. Her optimistic attitude, powerful presence, and personal interest and care for each child, no matter the learning level, made all of her students feel valued and respected. Mrs. Adkins has accomplished much in her life, but none of it would haye been possible without her unwavering faith in the Lord, the love and support of her late husband, Bill, the family she cherishes so dearly, and the encouragement from all of those who have positively impacted her life over the years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the more than 
730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District, in paying tribute to one of Southwest Georgia’s finest educators, Mrs. Grace Hatcher Adkins, as she and her family prepare to celebrate her 90th birthday. 
CONGRATULATING EDDIE SALAME ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE POLICE DEPARTMENT OF GRAPEVINE, TEXAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Eddie Salame, Chief of Police of the City of Grapevine, on his upcoming retirement after 33 years in law enforcement. Eddie Salame began his career as an officer with the Fort Worth Police Department on October 19, 1984. Over the several years he was there, Eddie worked both covert and overt assignments in Gang Intelligence, Criminal Investigations, and Narcotics Investigations. In July of 1991, he joined the Grapevine Police Department, continuing to take on various assignments and increased responsibility in Criminal Investigations, SWAT, Task Force Operations, and Crime Scene. On January 4, 2005, Eddie was appointed Chief of Police. He has served in that position for over 13 years, the longest tenure of any chief in the department’s history. Under his leadership, the Grapevine Police Department adopted a community oriented policing philosophy aimed at reducing crime by strengthening community ties. Chief Salame was instrumental in establishing and expanding programs that encourage communication and cooperation between law enforcement and local residents, including the Volunteers in Police Services Program and the Grapevine Community Outreach Center. Since the initiatives began in 2006, participation in the Volunteers in Police Service Program has doubled and the Community Outreach Center has made available critical services such as GED classes and afterschool programs for atrisk students. Chief Salame’s dedication to community service goes well beyond his professional responsibilities. Outside of his duties as Chief of Police, he is an active member of the Grapevine community, currently serving as president of the Grapevine Rotary Club and as a member of the advisory board for the School of Criminology and Criminal Justice at Tarleton State University. He previously served on the advisory boards for the University of Texas at Arlington’s Center for Criminal Justice Research and Training and One Safe Place, which provides coordinated services to victims of domestic violence. For over three decades, Chief Salame has served his community tirelessly, putting himself in harm’s way to ensure the safety of countless Texas residents. We are indebted to him for his exceptional leadership and his many years of bravery and sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congressional District of Texas, I ask all my distinguished colleagues to join me in honoring the extraordinary service of Chief Eddie Salame and wishing him and his family the best in his retirement. EUROPE’S MIGRANT CRISIS HON. TED POE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as much as we like to pretend that the chaos of the Middle East and Africa is contained to those regions, it is not. Violent conflict, political oppression, and economic hardship anywhere causes ripple effects across the globe. These secondary effects of distant unrest create serious challenges for ourselves and our allies. Nowhere is this more true than the ongoing migrant crisis that is fundamentally changing Europe. Our European allies are facing an unprecedented wave of refugees and immigrants flooding across their borders. Many are innocent families fleeing danger, poverty, and starvation. But there are some who have ill intent. The foreign fighter phenomenon has disguised wolves in sheep’s clothing and requires increased vigilance. Our European friends have for centuries faced daunting challenges coming from their near abroad. Even the Roman Empire faced a mass migration problem coming from Asia. But with more people displaced today than during the Second World War, the challenge is enormous and we must assist Europe to develop a strategy. The freedom and prosperity of the West has always been an oasis in a world of instability and tyranny. Europeans, just like Americans, wish they could help all those in need but understand there are limits to what can be done. Slamming the door shut seems cruel but leaving it wide open creates a new set of problems. Every society faces strain when mass migration occurs. And there are real cultural, security, and economic implications which must be considered and addressed. The nations of Europe, as independent sovereign states, ultimately will determine their own course in how to tackle this challenge. But they have a responsibility as members of the European community and as good neighbors, to be mindful of the vulnerabilities and issues that arise from their decisions. We have seen a recent wave of terrorism rock many of the great cities of Europe. This threat is very much linked to the wave of refugees and migrants coming from conflict zones in the Middle East, South Asia, and Africa. While many of the perpetrators of these attacks were European citizens and second or third generation immigrants, the massive flow of new migrants has created a challenge in tracking suspected extremists as they move to and from distant war zones. As many as 5,000 EU citizens have traveled to Syria or Iraq to join ISIS or other terrorist groups, and it is estimated that 30 percent of these individuals have returned to Europe. Intelligence sharing and security cooperation among our European allies and ourselves is key to capturing returning foreign fighters and thwarting homegrown attacks. But developing ways to integrate migrant populations into their new European societies is important as well. Having entire communities that are isolated or not assimilated to their new countries sets the stage for radicalization and unrest. European nations are in their right to enforce the rule of law and control their borders. Meanwhile they should also find ways to absorb and welcome migrants who have legally joined their nations. A nation is not a nation without laws, borders, and an engaged citizenry. Where we can, we must help our European friends to address this migrant crisis. Either through sharing of intelligence, building capacity, or addressing the source of the migrant crisis in the trouble regions of the world. As allies, it is our duty to support our European friends whatever the challenge. History has shown us that our fates are inevitably linked. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Elgin, Illinois native Jeff Swoboda on being named Chief of Police for the Department of Police Services in Fort Collins, Colorado. After 25 years of service to the Elgin Police Department, Chief Swoboda is wellprepared to move into the next season of his life and lead the Fort Collins Police Services. Since joining the Elgin Police Department in 1992, Chief Swoboda worked his way up the ranks and was named Chief of Police in 2010. Early on in his career, he spent 5 years as an officer for the Resident Officer Program of Elgin. After his time in the Resident Officer Program, Chief Swoboda went on to attain the ranks of Sergeant, Lieutenant and Deputy Chief. After exceeding expectations and standing out as firstclass leader, Chief Swoboda was named the Elgin Police Department’s Chief of Police on April 16, 2010. Chief Swoboda’s passion for excellence and his ability to hold those in the department to the highest level of accountability has not only been noticed by the residents in Elgin, but it has also caught the attention of community leaders across the country. When the Fort Collins, Colorado Department of Police Services began their search for a new Chief of Police, Chief Swoboda stood out as someone ready to take on the new responsibilities and was seemingly made for the job. On April 5, 2018, after an exhaustive hiring process, Chief Swoboda was named Chief of Police for the Department of Police Services in Fort Collins, Colorado. Mr. Speaker and distinguished colleagues, please join me in congratulating Jeff Swoboda on being named the Chief of Police for the Department of Police Services in Fort Collins, Colorado. 
COMMEMORATING THE RETIREMENT OF ROB ROSCOE FROM THE SACRAMENTO SUBURBAN WATER DISTRICT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the retirement of Rob Roscoe. 
Mr. Roscoe is retiring from the Sacramento Suburban Water District (SSWD) as General Manager after 15 years of service. As General Manager of the Sacramento Suburban Water District, Mr. Roscoe remained committed to ensuring government transparency and providing sustainable water resources to much of Sacramento County. Under his leadership, SSWD’s credit ratings rose from an A in 2003 to its current rating of AA+. In addition to being General Manager of SSWD, Mr. Roscoe has been a longtime advocate of water infrastructure and held several other leadership roles with both regional and statewide organizations during his 40 years in public service. He has been the recipient of numerous awards over his notable career, such as the Regional Water Authority’s 2007 ‘‘Statesperson of the Year’’ and the 2017 ‘‘Distinguished Service Award.’’ He also received Association of California Water Agencies’ 2017 Emissary Award for ‘‘remarkable and visible contributions to the enhancement, protection or development of water resources in California.’’ In March 2018, he was awarded the American Society of Civil Engineers Region 9 Lifetime Achievement Award. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Roscoe on 15 years of outstanding service to Sacramento County and wish him the best in his next stage of his life. 
HONORING ROCKLAND BAPTIST CHURCH IN HENDERSONVILLE FOR 150 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the congregation of Rockland Baptist Church in the year of their 150th anniversary celebration. Since its founding, Rockland has been a beacon of light in the Hendersonville community and has been a sanctuary for countless lives, touching the hearts of all who enter. Pastor Leslie Stratton has faithfully served at Rockland Baptist Church since the fall of 1997, being preceded by Reverends Shipp, A.O. Kenry, Sam Bryant, Drew Bateman, Tom Mills, Frank Harrison, Albert G. Jones, O.C. McClain, Willie L. Scott, Floyd Prude, James K.L. Alexander, John A. Perry, and Lloyd S. Peoples. Under his leadership, Rockland faithfully executes Christ’s command in Matthew to ‘‘love your neighbor as yourself’’ through their ministries and active community involvement. Rockland’s mission statement is ‘‘. . .to provide Christ centered ministries, where people can be redeemed to a personal relationship with Christ, reconciled to God and His People, restored to wholeness and wellbeing, and revived for a full life of involved service to others.’’ God is alive and working throughout our nation, and it is through the ministry of churches like Rockland that His hand is tangibly felt in our neighborhoods. I join the entire Rockland family and pastoral staff in celebrating this wonderful occasion. Rockland Baptist Church continues to be a pillar of hope in our community, and on behalf of the 6th district of Tennessee, I ask that you join me in congratulating and honoring this congregation for their continued faithfulness to Hendersonville. They are a shining light for the Lord and we are thankful for their gift. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Kade Gannon for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kade Gannon is a student at Mandalay Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Kade Gannon is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Kade Gannon for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Cade DeVos for winning the Class 3A, 145 pound bracket at the Iowa High School State Wrestling tournament earlier this year. Iowa has a long and proud history of strong wrestling programs, producing college and Olympic champions for years. Cade is a junior at Southeast Polk High School in Pleasant Hill. His coaches are Jason Christenson and Jake Agnitsch. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent Cade and his family in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize him today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Cade on competing in this rigorous competition and in wishing him nothing but continued success in his education and wrestling career. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the upcoming 94th birthday of an honorable New Yorker, Esther Mestre. At just twenty years old, Esther moved to New York City from her native Puerto Rico. While the fastpaced city proved to be a dramatics transition from her tranquil life in Puerto Rico, Esther never lost sight of pursing a happy and productive life on the Mainland. From her humble roots as one of eighteen children in Santurce, Puerto Rico, Esther has raised seven wonderful children of her own. As leaders in their own communities, many of her children have become successful small business owners. A beloved friend and dedicated community servant, Esther exemplifies the spirit of the greater Puerto Rican family of New York. As we approach her 94th birthday celebration, I would like to send my deepest gratitude to Esther for her friendship, service and commitment to our community. My best wishes for a successful and joyful birthday celebration for a cherished leader and a dear friend. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ethan Garcia for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Ethan Garcia is a student at Mandalay Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ethan Garcia is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ethan Garcia for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Darren Ellisor’s childhood dream was to become a pilot. Growing up in Clear Lake, Texas as the son of a NASA contractor, he attended the Wings over Houston air show each year, went on tours of NASA, and watched in fascination as the space shuttles flew into the sky, disappearing into the final frontier. After visiting the United States Air Force Academy as a young teenager, Ellisor’s dream suddenly seemed within grasp. He became determined to enroll at the Academy and become an Air Force pilot. However, as his high school graduation neared, Ellisor failed to receive his long sought appointment to the Air Force Academy. Disappointed, he knew he could not allow this setback deter him from pursuing his dream. Instead, he refocused his efforts, attending Valley Forge Military Academy and College in 
Pennsylvania for a year. After applying to his dream school a second time, he finally received his acceptance to the prestigious Air Force Service Academy. After graduating from the Academy and undergoing extensive pilot training, Ellisor served as an E–3 AWACS pilot until retiring from the Air Force in 2007. His service brought him to the skies of Germany, where he led multinational crews comprised of airmen from 13 NATO countries in peace keeping missions over the skies of Kosovo. He went on to protect and defend American airspace after 9/11 and took part in multiple operations in the Middle East during the War on Terror. Ellisor has long been someone who has helped others. During his time in the Air Force, he served as the Assistant Director of Operations of the 552nd Training Squadron, training over 300 young air crewmen during his tenure. After his retirement from the Air Force, he formed a small business, Service Academy Consulting, in order to help high school students with dreams like his attend one of the elite service academies. Ellisor selfless side showed itself again last week when he and Tammie Jo Shults saved 148 lives as their commercial airplane suddenly seemed to fall from the sky. On a seemingly ordinary day, First Officer Darren Ellisor and Pilot Tammie Jo Shults prepared for take off, all systems a go. Shortly after takeoff, Southwest Airlines flight 1380’s left engine exploded. Ellisor and Shults’s military training kicked in, calmly bringing the plane to low altitude, and the duo eventually landed the plane safely in Philadelphia. Mr. Speaker, Air Force veteran and Southwest Airlines pilot Darren Ellisor has a storied career serving our great Nation in the United States Airforce. His dedication to his country and aid in what could have been a disastrous situation are commendable. He truly embodies what it means to be a great American. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jean Barr Donaldson III, who retired on March 23, 2018 as the Undersheriff of the Napa County Sheriff’s Office, after 30 years of service to Napa County. A native of San Francisco and Novato, Mr. Donaldson graduated from San Marin High School in Novato in 1981. He attended Santa Rosa Junior College and Sacramento State University, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice in 1986. Mr. Donaldson then attended and graduated from the Basic Police Academy at the Santa Rosa Junior College Northern California Criminal Justice Center. Mr. Donaldson was sworn in as a Deputy Sheriff in the Napa County Sheriff’s Office in 1988. As a Deputy, he spent several years patrolling the Napa Valley and Lake Berryessa areas and was selected to be a member of the SWAT Team. Mr. Donaldson was then selected to work in the Investigations Bureau as a Detective. In 1988 he was promoted to Sergeant and was assigned to supervise the Patrol, Special Investigations and Animal Services Bureaus. Mr. Donaldson was promoted to Lieutenant in 2002 and worked as the manager of the Investigations and Civil/Coroner Bureaus. In 2008, he was promoted to Captain and spent several years as manager of the Operations Division and four years as the Chief of Police of American Canyon. In 2013 Mr. Donaldson was promoted to Undersheriff where he managed the day to day operations of the entire Sheriff’s Office. Mr. Donaldson has also spent countless hours volunteering in our community. He has volunteered as a wrestling coach at the Napa Sheriff’s Activities League and as a football coach at Napa High School. He is a loving husband to his wife Marni and a proud parent of their children Sean and Macki. Mr. Speaker, Jean Barr Donaldson III has dedicated his life to serving our community and protecting others. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Arez Ghafour for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Arez Ghafour is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Arez Ghafour is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Arez Ghafour for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes: 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, the United States maintains the world’s safest and most complex aviation system in the world. The last multiyear FAA reauthorization bill expired in 2015. Since then, Congress has taken a patchwork approach to regulating Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) operations and programs, which I believe has threatened the safety and efficiency of our airways. Today, as we consider reauthorizing the programs and regulations that dictate how we manage our nation’s airspace, I am encouraged that we are making real progress on a longterm bill that will reauthorize FAA operations through FY 2023. Overall, this bill represents an important first step to providing the longterm assurances and reliability that we need at the federal level to support FAA operations in Texas and across the country. Dallas is home to the fourth busiest airport in the world by aircraft movements, the DallasFort Worth International Airport, and the largest hub for American Airlines. Having the certainty of a long term authorization bill will help solidify the Dallas metroplex as a major hub for domestic travel and commerce, and allow it to flourish as an international gateway to every part of the world. The longer we delay passage of a longterm bill, the more expensive and more time consuming it will be to modernize our airspace for a 21st Century economy. This measure is not without criticism. I am disappointed to see that the underlying bill includes dramatic cuts to the Research, Engineering, and Development (RE&D) title that is lowered than the amounts appropriated in the FY 2018 Omnibus. I offered an amendment to restore critical RE&D funding for environmental sustainability, but I was disappointed that the Rules Committee would not make that language in order. Furthermore, I introduced an amendment to ensure transparency and accountability in FAA investment decisions by requiring performancebased standards to drive the evaluation and adoption of new aviation technologies, rather than arbitrary deadlines set by special interests. Mr. Speaker, while not perfect, H.R. 4 represents a discernible improvement over the piecemeal approach that Congress has taken with its series of shortterm extensions over the years. Our nation’s aviation stakeholders need the longterm certainty of federal involvement that only comes with a multiyear reauthorization of FAA programs. H.R. 4 would largely achieve that goal to provide the support and resources for the aviation community all across the United States. Therefore, barring no gross changes to the legislation, I offer my support to this legislation and urge my colleagues to support the underlying bill. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an institution that has been at the forefront of education in America for the last 150 years. This April, Hampton University is celebrating the 150th anniversary of its founding. To mark the occasion, I would like to take a moment and recognize the wonderful legacy of this institution of higher education that lives on today. The seeds from which Hampton University grew were planted in 1861. During the Civil War, Fort Monroe, the Unioncontrolled coastal fortress, was a beacon to slaves in Hampton, Virginia and the surrounding towns. General Benjamin Butler, Commanding Officer of 
the fort, had issued a declaration that any slaves that made it to Union lines would not be returned to their masters, but declared ‘‘contraband of war.’’ Overrun with slaves desiring their freedom, the Union created a camp for the refugees a few miles northwest of the fort. It was in this camp that Mary Smith Peake, a free black woman held classes for escapees under a large oak tree, in violation of Virginia law prohibiting the education of free or enslaved blacks. This tree would later be named the Emancipation Oak, as it was the first place in the South when the Emancipation Proclamation was read aloud to a crowd. The classes and meetings held under the Emancipation Oak were the beginning of education on the campus of what was to become Hampton University. After the war, there were no existing pathways for freedmen to rise from their station in slavery. Recognizing this, Brigadier General Samuel Chapman Armstrong, head of the Freedmen’s Bureau in Hampton Roads, founded the Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in April 1868. While nominally the school’s mission was to train black teachers to fill the demand for the education of black Americans, the school’s founder suggested the true purpose of the school was ‘‘to train selected Negro youth who should go out and teach and lead their people first by example, by getting land and homes; to give them not a dollar that they could earn for themselves; to teach respect for labor, to replace stupid drudgery with skilled hands, and in this way to build up an industrial system for the sake not only of self support and intelligent labor, but also for the sake of character.’’ Hampton became a model for the creation of other schools designed to uplift Black America. Within nine years of arriving on Hampton’s campus for his education, Booker T. Washington was founding Tuskegee Institute in Alabama. Hampton continued to produce black educators and skilled craft and tradesmen. Many of the campus buildings of this era were built by Hampton students. Hampton expanded its programs, increasing its course offerings to include business, nursing, and other arts and sciences classes. In 1930 the school was renamed Hampton Institute, recognizing its growth from its agricultural and teacher training roots. And in 1984, after a thorough ninemonth study of Hampton’s rapid growth and development and acknowledging its commitment to attracting quality students and talented faculty, offering a robust selection of academic programs, as well as its status as a premier research institution, it was recommended that Hampton Institute change its name to Hampton University. Hampton’s current legacy has been shaped over the past 40 years by President Dr. William R. Harvey. Dr. Harvey came to Hampton in 1978 as the 12th President of the school. Under his leadership, Hampton has remained an innovative institution of higher education. If Dr. Harvey’s tenure were measured solely by the creation of traditional campus facilities, the construction of the Convocation Center, Student Center, Sports Facilities, Libraries, schools of journalism and physical sciences would be a fitting tribute to his tenure. But Dr. Harvey has also had the vision to ensure that Hampton was at the forefront of innovative new technologies and opportunities. Hampton University’s Proton Therapy Institute is the only one of its kind in Virginia, and through its partnerships with NASA, Hampton is currently the only historically black college and university in control of a NASA satellite mission. Over 150 years, Hampton University, ‘‘Our Home by the Sea,’’ has grown from an outdoor academy for newly freed slaves to an established research university and one of the bedrock institutions of the Hampton Roads region. Its athletic teams have won scores of championships in multiple sports. Its alumni have achieved acclaim in the arts, sciences, business, and politics. And Hampton has held a place of reverence in the story of Historically Black Colleges and Universities in America. I would like to commend Dr. Harvey, the faculty, staff, students, and alumni of Hampton University on the occasion of their sesquicentennial, and I wish them another 150 years of success, growth, and achievement as a pinnacle of higher education in our country. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Brady A. Hackbarth for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Brady A. Hackbarth is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Brady A. Hackbarth is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Brady A. Hackbarth for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Helen Wainwright on the very special occasion of her 100th birthday. She was born in Parnell, Missouri on April 10, 1918 and was a teacher for most of her life. Our world has changed a great deal during Mary Helen’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism, and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Mary Helen has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twentytwo Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Mary Helen in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mary Helen on reaching this incredible milestone and in wishing her nothing but the best. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Blairsville’s Eric England, a retired Marine known as one of the world’s greatest marksmen. At the age of 84, Master Sergeant England passed away on April 7, 2018. Master Sergeant England joined the United States Marine Corps in 1950 and served as a scout sniper during the Vietnam War. In combat, he had 98 confirmed kills, making him one of the best snipers in our nation’s history. Years after the Vietnam War, Master Sergeant England continued working for the Marine Corps as a Weapons Tactics Instructor. He viewed teaching as a way for him to continue defending American lives, encouraging him to create the National Marksmanship Unit at Georgia’s Fort Benning in 1968. Master Sergeant England won countless awards for his worldclass marksmanship, and he represented the United States as part of two Olympic shooting teams. Alongside his cousin and fellow Marine, Zell Miller, he was inducted into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame with the Class of 2017. My prayers are with the England family in their time of loss. I stand alongside many other Americans in thanking this hero for his service. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jaydekai Hanh for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Jaydekai Hanh is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jaydekai Hanh is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jaydekai Hanh for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. Poe of TEXAS. Mr. Speaker, our historic relationship with the Arab Gulf states is strategically crucial. The ties we maintain allow us to project power to contain threats like Iran and secure key shipping lanes for global commerce while also providing stability in a chaotic region. Our Gulf partners have made clear they value their strong alliance with the United States. But our relationship has not always been perfect. The 9/11 attacks were a tragic wake up call to a dangerous ideology that we had long ignored. Sunni extremism had established strong roots across the Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia. This intolerant and violent strain of Islam was largely able to spread so widely because it was funded and supported by some of our Gulf allies. Some would call this a betrayal: while GCC states were benefiting from security and stability provided by the U.S., they were fostering radical ideologies that sought to target and kill Americans. It is no coincidence that among the 19 hijackers who conducted the 9/11 attacks, 17 came from the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia. In part, alQaeda did this deliberately to damage the GCC alliance with the U.S. But the high number of Saudi recruits and the fact that alQaeda was founded and led by a Saudi named Osama bin Laden, also showed that something was not quite right in the Kingdom. The Saudi monarchy’s embrace of the Wahhabi ideology produced generations of young Saudis who despised the West and held hateful views of other religions. After 9/11, the Kingdom and the rest of the GCC states pledged cooperation with the U.S. to fight terrorism, but little was done. Wealthy financiers and hateful preachers continued to operate across the GCC. For years, many of our Gulf allies tried to play both sides of the War on Terror. They acted both as the arsonists and the firefighters. While the U.S. military launched airstrikes against terrorists in the region from Gulf air bases, money and recruits flowed to terrorist from the same Gulf countries. We were basically chasing our tails. Ultimately, not George W. Bush, nor Barack Obama, nor Donald Trump can convince young Muslims that alQaeda or ISIS’s version of Islam is the wrong one. An American president, regardless of party affiliation, will never be able to effectively argue that jihad against the West is not the answer to the problems of the Middle East. It is only the leaders of the Muslim world who can make that argument. In recent years, we have seen progress by the Gulf states towards tackling the sources of extremism within their borders. They have recognized that this is not just the U.S.’s fight: their own security is at stake. The Saudis have infiltrated terrorist groups to thwart attacks on the West and detained radical clerics who once incited thousands to join alQaeda or ISIS. The UAE is leading the region in developing messaging to counter violent extremism and has prioritized targeting alQaeda in Yemen. Bahrain now hosts the region’s Financial Action Task Force and amended its charity law to closely monitor terrorist financing and enact harsh penalties on violators. Kuwait has also intensified its charity monitoring and outlawed fundraising for terrorist groups online. Meanwhile, Oman remains a haven for tolerance and moderate Islam, effectively preventing terrorists from using its territory for fundraising or recruitment. Even Qatar has signed a memorandum of understanding with the U.S. last summer to cooperate on counterterrorism and has created terrorist designation lists. Trust is finally being restored. But there is still more work to be done. Many promises remain unfulfilled. Qatar still harbors Hamas operatives and alQaeda fundraisers. The Saudis still publish intolerant material in their textbooks that glorify jihad and incite hatred and violence. Additionally, Kuwait still has designated terrorists living freely in their borders. Oman remains suspiciously tied to the region’s number one state sponsor of terrorism, Iran, and reports of arms smuggling through Oman to Yemen’s Houthi rebels persist. No GCC member is contributing enough to prevent ISIS from reemerging in Syria and Iraq. And the Saudiled coalition is overly focused on Iran’s meddling in Yemen while al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula survives in the chaos. We need our Gulf partners to aggressively and proactively combat Sunni extremism across the region. Not to wait for the U.S. to take the lead or ask them nicely. All the drones and special forces in the world cannot destroy an ideology this deeply rooted. The fight against terrorism must start and end on the ideological battlefield. Treating the symptoms and not the underlying disease will ultimately not be enough. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a beloved educator and outstanding citizen, Mr. Paschal Ward. Mr. Ward will be retiring from his post as the Director of Bands at Bainbridge High School. He will be honored by the administration, faculty, students, and supporters at a celebratory reception on Saturday, May 5, 2018 in Bainbridge, Georgia. The Prattville, Alabama native earned both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master’s degree in Music Education from Troy State University in Alabama. Since 1985, he has served as the Director of Bands at Bainbridge High School. He has built an impressive career, which began when he enlisted in the U.S. Army, and served as the Director of Bands in Goshen, Alabama. He later became the Director of Bands at Charles Henderson High School in Troy, Alabama; the University of West Alabama; and Livingston State University in Livingston, Alabama. Under his direction, the Charles Henderson High School band program received superior ratings in both marching and concert competitions for eight consecutive years; the participation in the Livingston State University Collegiate Band Program doubled; the Decatur County Band program received numerous Proclamations and Senate Resolutions from the Governors of Alabama and Georgia; and the Bainbridge High School Symphonic Band has been awarded Superior Ratings by the Georgia Music Educators Band Festival and Georgia Bandmasters Association for thirty three consecutive years. The Second Congressional District of Georgia gained a compassionate and able leader when Mr. Ward arrived in Decatur County in 1985. Mr. Ward has also served on numerous community boards, and as Chairman of the Alabama Band Association for District Eight; a member of the Southern Association of Schools and Colleges Visiting Committee; the National Band Association for District Eight; the Southeastern U.S. Honor Band Clinic; and the Georgia Music Educators Association. He also received an honorary membership into Kappa Kappa Psi National Band Fraternity, Incorporated. A talented and precise music director, Mr. Ward has received numerous accolades and awards for his musical expertise. These honors include a feature in the (‘‘Who’s Who among America’s Teachers’’ in 1992 and 1996; an Outstanding Alumni Award in Music Education by Troy State University in 1993; a spot in the National Band Director Hall of Fame as the Band Director of the Year in 1996; a StarTeacher Award in 2001; a Man of the Year Award in 2006 and an Outstanding Teacher Award in 2010 from the Bainbridge Kiwan is Club; a National Citizenship Education Teacher Award in 2007; a Certificate of Special Congressional Recognition in 2009, which I presented to him; and the title of Roastee of the Year by the Bainbridge Pilot Club in 2011. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: (‘‘You make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ Paschal Ward has established a legacy of musical distinction in Bainbridge where he has done a tremendous job of educating students. A man of great integrity, his efforts, his dedication, and his expertise in his field are unparalleled. Paschal has accomplished much in his life but none of it would be possible without the love and support of his wife, Pamela, and their children, Rachael and Emily. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District, in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mr. Paschal Ward upon the occasion of his retirement from an outstanding thirtythree year career in music education. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Wanda and Bob Woldruff on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Wanda and Bob’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their love continue to grow and may they continue to cherish and honor one another for many more years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nathan Hannah for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Nathan Hannah is a student at Mandalay Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Nathan Hannah is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Nathan Hannah for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes: 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes: 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment, Schiff No. 29, which requires the FAA to create a program that utilizes remote detection and identification technologies to identify unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) that are not in compliance with applicable Federal aviation laws and regulations. I first came to this issue several years ago when fire fighters responding to a wildfire had to ground support aircraft due to civilians operating drones in the airspace. This problem seems likely to grow more pronounced, not just in response to wildfires but also in the airspace near airports. According to the FAA, the agency projects there are 1.1 million unmanned aircraft systems in the United States and they expect that number to grow rapidly in the corning years, putting airline passengers, firefighters, and others at risk. I want the owners of these vehicles to be able to enjoy them, but in a complicated and crowded airspace like the one we have in Los Angeles, we need to be sure we are putting public safety first. That is why it is so important for Congress to give the FAA and law enforcement the appropriate tools to address this increase in drones entering restricted airspace. Furthermore, we still do not know how many unmanned aircraft enter restricted airspace, whether at airports, above forest fires, or in other restricted areas. That is why my amendment also requires annual reporting by FAA to Congress to report the number of drones entering restricted airspace, the number of enforcement cases brought by FAA or other agencies, and recommendations by FAA for detection and mitigation systems. There are a variety of vendors developing technology to counter unauthorized UAS operation in restricted airspace, some of which show great promise and have already been tested in pilot projects by the FAA. My amendment would direct the FAA to continue this important work. With the adoption of UAS technology continuing at a rapid pace, I am worried it is more a matter of when and not if a drone will collide with a commercial airliner or first responder, with potentially devastating results. We must be proactive to ensure that the next time we read about this issue, we are not also reading about casualties that could have been prevented. I thank the Chairman and Ranking Members of the committee and appreciate the inclusion of my amendment in the FAA Reauthorization bill. It is my hope it will remain in any conference agreement finalized by the House and Senate. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Samueal Hays for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Samueal Hays is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Samueal Hays is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Samueal Hays for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
HONORING THE HONOREES OF THE 2018 DIVERSITY HONORS GALA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate the five outstanding honorees of the 2018 Diversity Honors Gala. The Diversity Honors Gala is an annual event where the community can come together to honor men and women who, in their extraordinary lives, remind us all of the diversity of the human spirit and the values that define us. The gala will benefit the Harvey Milk Foundation and The Pride Center at Equality Park. Mr. Speaker, Dolores Huerta, recipient of the Harvey Milk Foundation Honors Medal, is a preeminent leader of the Latino, Labor, and Women’s Civil rights movements and co founder of the United Farm Workers of America. Emma Gonza´lez, recipient of the Harvey Milk Foundation Milan Rozsa Youth Award, is a youth activist and advocate for LGBT rights, gun control, and an international leader for the current generation of students. She is a survivor of the massacre that took the lives of 17 students and faculty at Marjory Stoneman Douglas in Parkland, Florida. 
Mayor Dean Trantalis of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, is the recipient of the Alan Schubert Award of Excellence. Mayor Trantalis has a long track record of public service, beginning with his involvement in the fight for equal rights. In 2012, Florida State Representative David Richardson became the firstelected openly gay state legislator in Florida’s history. Mr. Richardson quickly earned the respect of his colleagues for his work on criminal justice and prison reform, sensible gun violence prevention measures, promotion of traditional public schools, and steadfast commitment to civil liberties and equal rights for all. Craig Stevens, a NATAS Silver Circle recipient and Emmy Award winner, is a fixture of the South Florida Community. Craig is active in several charities and organizations. He spent several years as vicepresident of the Suncoast Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences where he also chaired a committee that mentored young TV professionals throughout the southeastern United States. Again, congratulations to these outstanding individuals. I look forward to hearing of their continued service activities. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Jim Winemiller. Jim was awarded the Taylor County Conservation Leadership Award. The Leadership Award is a joint effort of the Taylor County Soil and Water Conservation District, Taylor County Board of Supervisors, and the Taylor County Conservation Board to recognize the exemplary efforts of Taylor County’s conservation leaders, committed to improving wildlife habitat, water quality, and conservation in Taylor County. Since 1990, Jim has worked as the Conservation Board Director and enjoyed creating and bettering outdoor recreation opportunities for the community. One of his greatest achievements was the improvement of Sand Timber Lake and watershed near Blockton. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Jim for this award. I am proud to represent him and Taylor County Conservation in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Jim and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Malik Johnes for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Malik Johnes is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Malik Johnes is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Malik Johnes for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is a distinct honor for me to talk about the great relationship we have with Serbia as cochair of the Congressional Serbia Caucus. Serbia is a great friend of the United States. As a Texan, I have great admiration for the people of Serbia. Our strong opinions and habit to speak our minds make us natural allies. In fact, one of the first people to settle in Texas was a Serbian named Dorde Sagic, or George Fischer as he was known in the U.S. After settling in Texas, Sagic went on to become a justice of the peace in my hometown of Houston. But Serbia has contributed much more to the cause of justice than just Mr. Sagic keeping the early streets of Houston safe. Today we honor the service of Serbia’s armed forces who have fought sidebyside with Americans to preserve justice during history’s most horrific conflicts. In 1918, President Woodrow Wilson gave a speech marking the fourth anniversary of AustriaHungary’s invasion of Serbia. Speaking of the bravery of the Serbian armed forces, President Wilson said: ‘‘Nobly did they respond. So valiantly and courageous did they oppose the forces of a country ten times greater in population and resources. . . While their territory has been devastated and their homes despoiled, the spirit of the Serbian people has not been broken.’’ As a Texan, I admire such defiance against overwhelming odds. Like President Wilson, I am proud to share the stories of Serbia’s bravery here in Washington. I believe the most meaningful for Americans is the story of the Halyard Mission during the dark days of the Second World War. While under Nazioccupation, the Serbian people demonstrated their bravery as they played a crucial role in the largest rescue operation of American airmen in history. In 1944, American bombers were flying frequent missions to strike Germany’s vital oil supplies in Romania as part of the allied advance into Europe. The 15th Air Force led this effort by launching nearly 20,000 sorties into Eastern Europe, with many of the missions flying over Nazioccupied Yugoslavia. As many as 1,500 pilots and airmen were shot down during these courageous air raids. Serbians, who had been resisting German forces since 1941, risked their own lives to rescue American aircrews and hide them from patrolling Nazis. For months these brave and noble Serbians cared for and protected American and allied pilots. By August 1944, the allied forces, including the 15th Air Force and Office of Strategic Services, devised a daring operation to evacuate the hundreds of allied pilots being sheltered by the Serbian resistance. American aircraft flew into enemy territory and evacuated these airmen from an air field built and protected by local Serbians near the village of Pranjani. For over 60 years this operation was kept secret. But now we can remember the courage of our Serbian friends and say thank you. The spirit of the Halyard mission still lives on today as a remarkable story of resistance and heroism. As was the case in both World Wars, Serbia and the U.S. still face shared threats. About 600 foreign fighters in Syria have come from the Balkan states. ISIS and al Qaeda terrorists present a threat to Serbia and the region just as they present a threat to the U.S. We must continue to coordinate with our Serbian partners to stop returning terrorists and neutralize networks that recruit fighters in the Balkans. The U.S. is also working with Serbia to improve its independent judiciary and fight corruption. A democratic Serbia with a strong rule of law is in America’s interests. But there are others who do not share this goal. Russian disinformation efforts are designed to keep Serbia in its sphere of influence and poison our warming friendship. Nevertheless, Serbia’s integration to the West has continued to move forward. In 2006, Serbia joined NATO’s Partnership for Peace program and, in 2015, signed an Individual Partnership Action Plan with the alliance to strengthen cooperation. Recently the European Union announced that Serbia could join the EU as early as 2025. I applaud this step which will strengthen Belgrade’s political institutions and economic ties with the West. Together we share the same dreams of a bright and free future for both our countries. We are blessed to have brave men and women that ensure our futures are bright and free. Thank you to the Serbian armed forces for standing with America in the wars of the past and in the challenges we will face together in the future. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Chuck Western who was inducted into the Union County Cattlemen’s Hall of Fame at their annual banquet earlier this year. Chuck has been a long time livestock producer and row crop farmer. He was an original 
board member of the Union County Cattlemen and also served on the state board for Cattlemen. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Chuck for receiving this outstanding award. I am proud to represent him and the Union County Cattlemen in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Chuck and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Chris Jordan for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Chris Jordan is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Chris Jordan is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Chris Jordan for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Rutherford Volunteer Fire Department for their 100 years of volunteer service to Rutherford, Napa County and California. This esteemed fire department was created in 1918, along with 22 other stations in Napa County, in preparation for a potential war. It has been in service ever since, operating 24 hours per day, 365 days per year. In 1956 Napa County accepted the Rutherford Fire Department into county control and in 1986 the Rutherford Fire Department was incorporated. Rutherford Fire Department has not only served Rutherford and Napa County. The department has also responded to numerous fires, floods and earthquakes throughout and across California. In order to adequately respond to any and every crisis, the Rutherford Fire Department has been at the forefront of training and drilling. Rutherford Fire Department is more than just an exceptional fire department. Multiple generations of Rutherford residents have served and continue to serve our community as courageous volunteer firefighters who are ready to defend the lives of those in the Napa Valley and throughout California. The department stands tall as one of the nine remaining volunteer departments in the Napa County and is honored to be made up of community members, for the protection of community members. Mr. Speaker, the Rutherford Volunteer Fire Department is an essential institution. Their unparalleled commitment to protecting Rutherford and Napa County make them a model volunteer fire department. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the Rutherford Fire Department here today. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the incredible contributions of international students at our colleges and universities. During this time of year, students all over the United States and the world are beginning to make decisions about where they will attend college. As they begin to make these decisions, I would like to express my support for international students, and the value they add to our institutions of higher education, and our country as a whole. Nationwide, only 2 percent of U.S. students study abroad every year. This makes it even more important our colleges and universities have a diverse student body, so our students can learn about different cultures. In my district, there are nearly 1,500 international students enrolled in both the undergraduate and graduate level at Ohio University, and over 6,000 at The Ohio State University. These students contribute to a wide variety of our academic programs, including STEM subjects. Moreover, when they return home, they become informal ambassadors when sharing their positive experiences in our country. I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing the incredible value international students add to our country. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary and Robert Piatt of Glenwood, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 14, 2018. Mary and Robert’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Steven Crise Zarate for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Steven CriseZarate is a student at North Arvada Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Steven CriseZarate is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Steven CriseZarate for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the long career of public service provided by an outstanding leader in my district, Councilmember Margaret Finlay, who is ending her term as President of the Southern California Association of Governments (SCAG). Councilmember Finlay has ably led the nation’s largest metropolitan planning organization, representing six counties, 191 cities and more than 18 million residents. Under her guidance, SCAG has undertaken important work in a variety of planning and policy initiatives that will improve Southern California now and in the future. Councilmember Finlay has been an invaluable resource to me and my staff as a councilmember and sixterm Mayor of the city of Duarte having served our region for over 28 years. She has served in many capacities as she has been elected by her peers in other cities to serve on regional, state, and national boards such as the National League of Cities, League of California Cities, Liability Trust Fund Oversight Committee, California Joint Powers Insurance Authority, Personnel Committee of the Sanitation Districts, LAFCO Representative for Los Angeles County, and the California Contract Cities Association. I have been privileged to work directly with Councilmember Finlay on many issues affecting our community such as increasing transportation options for our residents, creating more access to our beautiful San Gabriel Mountains, and improving emergency preparedness and response. She is a leader on 
advocating for additional transit, bicycle and pedestrian options to improve the daily commute of our residents. She has done exceptional work to preserve our natural resources for future generations by fighting to preserve 330 acres in the foothills. Councilmember Finlay and I recently held a first responder event together to improve wildfire and mudslide prevention and response activities in Duarte and our surrounding community. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of Duarte and the many people she has impacted in the Southern California Region, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Councilmember Margaret Finlay for her service as President of the Southern California Association of Governments. I look forward to continuing to work with Councilmember Finlay to improve the lives of residents in Duarte and the San Gabriel Valley. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of World War II veteran, community leader, and dear friend, R.B. ‘‘Bob’’ Taylor who went home to be with the Lord on April 18, 2018 at the age of ninetytwo. Bob was born on October 17, 1926, in Oak Town, Indiana. He served in the United States Army 7th Infantry Division from 1944 to 1946 during the Second World War where he deployed to the South Pacific, with stints in both Okinawa and Korea. On May 15, 1947, he married his wife of seventyone years, the former Alice Fox. Together Mr. and Mrs. Taylor raised two daughters, Scarlet and Rhonda, and one son, Michael. The Taylor family has called the Texas Gulf Coast home for many years, having lived in the East Harris, Clearlake, and West Chambers County area since 1953. In 2001, Bob was appointed to an open seat on the City Council in Beach City, and was elected to another term in 2002. He also served as an elected Precinct Chairman for the Chambers County Republican Party. Bob Taylor was also a member and/or director of numerous community and civic organizations including: Arabian Shrine Temple, 32nd Degree Mason, Rotary Club, Lions Club, Cedar Bayou Navigation District Task Force, Bay Area Crime Stoppers, and the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo. He was also a founder of both the Clear Lake Boat Parade and the Clear Lake Hydroplane Boat Races. Bob often reflected on participating in the Coast to Coast Antique Automobile Race with his son in the late 1980’s. He later served as a Bayou Bowl Director, a member of the Clear Lake Chamber of Commerce, and as a Director for the Baytown West Chambers County Economic Development Corporation. A patriot, dedicated public servant, and close friend, Bob will be missed, but his many contributions to his country, state, and community will long live on. Mr. Speaker, my prayers are with the family and numerous friends of R.B. ‘‘Bob’’ Taylor. CONGRATULATING SOUTHEAST MICHIGAN COUNCIL OF GOVERNMENTS (SEMCOG) HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Southeast Michigan Council of Governments (SEMCOG) as it celebrates its 50th year of serving Southeast Michigan. SEMCOG was formed 50 years ago to fill a vital need—to bring together distinct communities in Southeast Michigan, and provide a forum to help them plan and work together for the common good. The philosophy at the heart of SEMCOG is that the whole is sometimes greater than the sum of its parts, and that our region faces challenges we can only meet by working together. In the continuing pursuit of regional coordination, business, community, and government leaders came together in the mid–1960s to form the Committee of 100. The Committee of 100 reviewed the functions of both the Regional Planning Commission and the Supervisors InterCounty Commission. In January 1968, on recommendation of the Committee of 100, the Regional Planning Commission and the Supervisors InterCounty Committee disbanded, and the Southeast Michigan Council of Governments was formed and began to respond to the need for both planning and other types of intergovernmental and regional programs. SEMCOG’s earliest years set the tone for much of the work they do today and will continue to do in the future. I’ve had the pleasuring of seeing firsthand the growth of SEMCOG, from the days of the Committee of 100 to today. Today SEMCOG serves 4.7 million people in the sevencounty area surrounding Metropolitan Detroit. SEMCOG supports coordinated local planning with technical, data, and intergovernmental resources. The principal purpose of SEMCOG is to help local governments improve and maintain Southeast Michigan’s transportation systems, environmental quality, economic interests, and infrastructure. SEMCOG has been instrumental to our work in Congress, serving as a valuable resource to not only me and my office, but the entire Michigan delegation. A strong, collegial working relationship has been mutually beneficial to developing policy and addressing the needs of Southeast Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing SEMCOG for their steadfast commitment to their mission of addressing regional challenges and strengthening the abilities of local governments to work together. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before you today to honor the YMCA of Northern Utah, as it celebrates its 125th anniversary. One hundred and twentyfive years ago, the YMCA opened its doors in Salt Lake City, Utah. Since then, the YMCA. has been vital in building strong kids, families, and communities. Whether it be homework support or summer camping, the Y’s impact on Northern Utah has been invaluable. The afterschool programs that the YMCA provides are priceless to its communities. The Y provides 28 afterschool programs sites across Utah, which serve over 1,350 youth. These programs help ensure that kids have a safe, instructive, and enjoyable place to go after school. This not only gives parents peace of mind about their children’s safety, but also instills core values of caring, respect, honesty and responsibility in the participants of the programs. The YMCA offers many programs that celebrate the beautiful outdoor landscapes in Utah. Utah is widely known as one of the most beautiful places to live and offers a wide variety of outdoor adventures. However, various factors can prevent our children from experiencing the beauty that our state has to offer. The Y has gone to great lengths to ensure that all children can have the opportunity to appreciate the outdoors through overnight camps, day camps, and even recess camps. In these summer programs spread throughout the state, children can meet new friends, learn new skills, connect with nature, and have fun. On top of everything else, the YMCA also provides a ‘‘wide range of programs for adults. Courses are available for individuals learning to speak English, improve financial literacy and money management, prevent Type 2 Diabetes, and enhance fitness. These classes have been wildly successful, with some even gaining national recognition. The development of these skills has been lifechanging and enriching to many across the state. In conclusion, the services at the YMCA have been integral in making Utah one of the best places to live and raise a family. One hundred and twentyfive years later, Utah is a better place to live, with stronger communities and children, because of the YMCA. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating the YMCA of Northern Utah as it celebrates its 125 anniversary. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Linda and Jim Foje of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on February 16, 1968 at Faith Lutheran Church in Council Bluffs. Linda and Jim’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR GENERAL GEORGE MARVIN JOHNSON JR’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate Major General George Marvin Johnson Jr. on his one hundredth birthday. General Johnson had a long and distinguished military career that started when he first joined the Army Air Corps in 1941 to when he retired in 1975 as a United States Air Force Major General. He selflessly served during World War II in the European Theater of Operations as an operations officer and troop carrier squadron commander, and participated in seven major campaigns. General Johnson has also served as a commander of the Oklahoma City Air Materiel Area, Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma and was chief of staff of the Air Force Logistics Command at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. General Johnson’s military distinctions and awards are many. They include the Distinguished Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, Distinguished Flying Cross, Air Medal with oak leaf cluster, Air Force Commendation Medal, and the French Croix de Guerre. He was also awarded a command pilot rating with over 6,000 flying hours. It is with the utmost gratitude that I thank General Johnson for his service and congratulate him on celebrating this birthday of one hundred years. He has served our country with distinction and honor, and can be proud of his contributions towards protecting our citizens and strengthening the safety of our country. May his one hundredth year be filled with blessings. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring Major General George Marvin Johnson Jr. for his service to our great nation and for celebrating his one hundredth birthday. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, since 2011, Bashar AlAssad purposely and systemically destroyed Syrian communities in order to crush political opponents and retain absolute dictatorial power, with the help of his Russian and Iranian backers. Starting as peaceful protests, the people of Syria demanded basic freedoms from the Syrian government. Of course, this was met with a harsh crackdown, prolonged conflict, and today, a humanitarian crisis. As cochair of the Friends of a Free, Stable and Democratic Syria Caucus, I believe we in Congress must do all we can to ensure that the welfare of the Syrian people remains the top priority of our involvement in the region, and condition any engagement with the Assad regime as such. My heart goes out to every Syrian that has to monitor the skies to see what aerial attacks will be coming that day; to every child that has been robbed of their innocence—forced to leave their home and live in constant fear, denied a basic education—and to every family member left wondering if their relatives will live to see the next day. We’ve all seen the images in Syria. They’re hard to stomach. Yet, the attacks persist. The violence and ruthlessness persist. Assad and his supporters in Russia and Iran are responsible for all of this pain and suffering. H.R. 4681, the No Assistance for Assad Act, would ensure that American assistance for reconstruction in Syria should be available in areas controlled by Assad only if the regime stops its indiscriminate use of weapons, ends attacks on civilians and civilian facilities, releases political prisoners, allows human rights organizations access to prisons, and removes senior officials complicit in humanrights abuses. If the Assad regime, Russia, and Iran continue to break Syria, this legislation makes clear they must own the responsibility for rebuilding it. U.S. policy must not allow the regime in Damascus control American dollars that are meant to rebuild the country. I was proud to introduce this critical legislation with Ranking Member ENGEL , Chairman ROYCE , and my fellow caucus cochair, A DAM KINZINGER . I thank them for their hard work on this legislation and urge passage of this timely, important legislation. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my common sense amendment that will protect consumers by creating the position of the Aviation Consumer Advocate at the FAA. More than nine million flights take off and land in the United States every year. In my home state of Oregon, nearly 20 million people passed through the Portland International Airport last year, and that number will continue to grow. Unfortunately, many passengers have experienced inconveniences such as lost luggage and delayed flights that result in missed connections. Some passengers have experienced much worse, including being forcibly removed from flights when seats are oversold, or sitting on a tarmac for hours. With more than two and a half million people flying U.S. skies every day, it is critical that they have somewhere to turn if things go wrong. They deserve to be treated with dignity and to have a reliable advocate who is on their side. My simple amendment would enhance the FAA’s existing Aviation Consumer Protection Division by creating the position of the Aviation Consumer Advocate. This will provide travelers a dedicated person at the FAA to help navigate the Aviation Consumer Protection Division and try to resolve problems that arise with airlines. In addition to helping travelers, the Aviation Consumer Advocate would provide the FAA with recommendations on how best to enforce consumer protection rules and improve the flying experience. The Aviation Consumer Advocate would also evaluate the FAA’s response to complaints, and provide a report to Congress about the volume and frequency of complaints, as well as recommendations on how Congress can take action to bolster consumer protections for fliers. This is a common sense amendment to protect all our constituents. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in strengthening consumer protections and supporting the millions of Americans who fly every day. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Annabell and Laverne Brown of Mount Ayr, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on March 12, 2018. Annabell and Laverne’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes: 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018. This bill would shore up longterm funding for critical FAA programs and authorize additional disaster program funding for areas like Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, which are still struggling to bounce back after the 2017 hurricane season. I am proud to be a cosponsor of a recently adopted amendment, which will help ensure the safety of the national airspace by prohibiting individuals from operating unmanned aircraft systems that are equipped or armed with a dangerous weapon. 
In July of 2015, lawmakers and the public began to express concerns over the weaponization of drone technology after a college student built a drone capable of firing live armnunition from a mounted .45 caliber semi automatic handgun. More recently, at least one state legislature has proposed legislation to allow the use of weaponized drones by local and national law enforcement, which is something that concerns me greatly. This amendment addresses these concerns by explicitly prohibiting the operation of a weaponized drone in the national airspace and by imposing a penalty of up to $25,000 for each violation. I am pleased to have worked with Rep. BURGESS on this commonsense, bipartisan amendment and applaud my colleagues for adopting. I urge all Members to support the underlying bill. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Mary Ann Rogusky Regula who died at her family’s farm in Navarre, Ohio on April 5, 2018. Mary Regula was born in Girard, Ohio on November 29, 1926 to the late Mr. and Mrs. Rogusky. In 1949, Mary graduated from Mount Union College and it is there where she met her future husband Ralph Regula. She was an active member of the community, serving as an educator, historian, and aide in her husband’s Congressional office as he represented the 16th Congressional District of Ohio. In 1994, Mary began laying the foundation for a museum devoted to the first ladies. She told the Washington Post that it wasn’t until the 1970s that we decided women had any part in this nation’s history. She wanted to help close history’s gaping hole by honoring the accomplishments of women. In 1998, former first lady Rosalynn Carter cut the ribbon at the formal opening of the National First Ladies’ Library in Canton, Ohio. Mary hoped the museum would serve as a way to document the lives of first ladies and as a resource for scholars and students. The museum was designated a historic site in 2000, expanding to include an education and research center that has now grown to partner with Ohio schools to provide educational programming about these important figures in American history. She is dearly missed by her three children Richard Regula (Sherry), David Regula (Jaqueline), and Martha Regula and her four grandchildren, Thomas, Garrett, Olivia and Marissa. She was preceded in death by her parents and her loving husband. Mary was a wonderful woman, and I am grateful to have had both her and Ralph as friends. She was a valued member of the community and her legacy leaves a lasting impact. I extend my sincerest condolences to all of her family and friends. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ruth and Jim Brand of Mount Ayr, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated on March 3, 2018. Ruth and Jim’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this meaningful occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued happiness. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. George Vitello on his upcoming retirement from the United States House of Representatives. George began working in the Office of Visitor Services in March 2011 before moving to the Office of the Sergeant at Arms in June 2012. From his first day on the job, George developed a reputation as a reliable, skilled, and friendly asset to the entire House community. George first served as a Visitor Assistant, then moved to the Sergeant at Arms and the House Appointments Desks where he became a wonderful resource—and a good friend—to every single one of his colleagues. George assists every Member, staff person, and visitor the very same way—with an abundance of patience and a calm and pleasant attitude. He is a familiar face to both Members and staff alike, never too busy to say ‘hello,’ and always taking the time to ask how you are doing. George genuinely cares about every person he meets, and it shows in his work. Working with the Sergeant at Arms, George demonstrated great initiative developing the form now used to track the monthly official business visitor counts for the Appointments Desks, as well as providing training to new interns and staff on the protocols for official business visitor badge use. Throughout his years with the House, George has been a true team player and someone who always volunteered for additional assignments, projects, and events. George spent time as the VP/General Manager at Sea World in Florida prior to his employment with the House and always shared his passion for all creatures, great and small. George Vitello has been a remarkable asset to the Office of the Sergeant at Arms, and he will be greatly missed by the entire House community. I am grateful for his service to the United States House of Representatives and wish him and his wife Joyce the very best in his retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House Chamber for Roll Call vote 156 on Thursday, April 26, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at the height of World War II, Bill Kelly worked as an airplane mechanic. Stationed in the Marshall Islands, he and his team were responsible for the maintenance and repair of B–29 bombers that stopped over on their way to Japan and back. He and his brothersinarms often stayed up all night preparing the planes for the next leg of their journey, on occasion even replacing whole oneton engines overnight. Although he is currently 93, aviation has been, I quote, ‘‘second nature’’ to Bill for most of his life. This is why the tribute one group arranged for him was so special. Recently, the Gulf Coast Wing of the Commemorative Air Force made Bill the guest of honor at their flyin in Lakewood, Florida. To honor his service, Bill was given the opportunity to fly in a World War IIera B–17 bomber, the ‘‘Texas Raiders,’’ maintained by the group. Bill enjoyed his 20minute flight and said that it brought back several good memories of his time in the service. Mr. Speaker, as veterans of this war continue to grow older and fewer in number, it is important that we not let their sacrifice be forgotten. The members of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’ made a unique contribution to the American nation, having not only endured the hardships of the Great Depression but also answered the call to defend our country after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. 
Groups like the custodians of ‘‘Texas Raiders’’ that travel the country and give veterans the opportunity to fly in World War II aircraft are doing important work to ensure that our country’s veterans are not forgotten and are given due recognition of their bravery and sacrifice. Bill remarked that at 93, he is, I quote, ‘‘pretty well advanced right now.’’ Bill, you may be ‘‘advanced’’ in life, but you are still front and center in our collective memory. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Darlene and Myron Lintner of Sidney, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. Darlene and Myron’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital on its 65th anniversary. In 1941 Bruce Church, a local businessman and philanthropist, had a vision to build a hospital for the people of Salinas. He donated land to the project and twelve years later his vision became a reality. In recognition of this philanthropic endeavor, President Dwight D. Eisenhower sent Mr. Church a letter congratulating him which read, ‘‘The people of the Salinas Valley have every right to be proud of this admirable example of local selfreliance and initiative.’’ On April 20, 1953, the 138–bed hospital triumphantly opened its doors, supported by onehundred employees and fortyfive physicians. The hospital’s founders envisioned a technologically advanced hospital of the highest quality to serve the residents of the Salinas Valley. Salinas Valley Memorial has lived up to the founders’ vision in providing state of the art health care services. Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital has grown to hold 266 beds and employs 1,600 people and 300 board certified physicians with a myriad of specialties. The hospital’s successful medical research and use of revolutionary health care technology has been facilitated by its bold partnerships with both local organizations and leading global institutions for science and medicine, such as NASA and Stanford University. Salinas Valley Memorial provides comprehensive health care and offers patients a variety of specialty care by working with partners to address important health issues like diabetes, obesity, and cancer. This hospital’s dedication to expanding health care into underserved communities has fostered increased education and wellness, allowing the diverse citizenry to make permanent lifestyle choices for a healthy community. I am honored to recognize the Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital and the many contributions it has made to the Central Coast of California. It has bolstered and encouraged the health and wellbeing of our community throughout the last sixtyfive years. Through investing in the latest medical technologies, conducting clinical research, and providing education to the community, this hospital has, from its inception, played an invaluable role in the lives of the residents of the Salinas Valley. We continue to be proud of the Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital and everyone who has been involved in its extraordinary work and mission over the last sixtyfive years. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in the house join me in congratulating the Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital for a triumphant sixtyfive years of excellence. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a statement from former Representatives Jack Kingston, and Lindsay Thomas, and the son of the late Representative Bo Ginn: ‘‘We thank Congressman CARTER for the opportunity to submit something regarding our mutual and beloved employee, Trish DePriest. We must immediately point out that Trish never worked for any of us, rather she worked for the people of the First District of Georgia and kept us advised and well out of the way of her great progress. Trish is in a rare category of legendary public servants. While she yielded the headlines and public credit to us, she was the force behind the scenes to get the job done. Whether it was a veteran who needed help navigating the VA Bureau, a senior citizen experiencing a Social Security or Medicaid glitch, or a newlywed couple in desperate need for a last minute passport, Trish was there for thousands of people making a difference in their life. She knew how to get things done, knew the people of power, but most importantly she was consummate champion of the underdog. If you got spun off the track and your lawyers, doctors, and friends couldn’t help, Trish DePriest was the person to call. It did not matter the task, the politics, or time of day, Trish has always been ready to step forward and solve the problem. We love you, Trish. We thank you for everything you’ve done for the people of Georgia, for all your hard work and making us look very good. We hope you enjoy your retirement and continue to never make lefthand turns.’’ f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 26, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4) to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes: 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in support of the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 4, FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act, which was not included in the Rule for this bill. I am disappointed that the other Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization and Disaster Recovery Reform Act that would have made permanent the FEMA Office of Disaster Response and Recovery, which exists, but has not been codified, was not made in order. FEMA is the agency that helps people before, during and after disasters. For 38 years, FEMA’s mission remains: to lead America to prepare for, prevent, respond to and recover from disasters with a vision of ‘‘A Nation Prepared.’’ On April 1, 1979, President Jimmy Carter signed the executive order that created the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). From day one, FEMA has remained committed to protecting and serving the American people. That commitment to the people we serve and the belief in our survivor centric mission will never change. The Federal Emergency Management Agency coordinates the federal government’s role in preparing for, preventing, mitigating the effects of, responding to, and recovering from all domestic disasters, whether natural or man made, including acts of terror. The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (Public Law 100– 707), signed into law on November 23, 1988; amended the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (Public Law 93–288). The Stafford Act constitutes the statutory authority for most Federal disaster response activities especially as they pertain to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and FEMA programs. The underlying Disaster Reform language in H.R. 4, the FAA Reauthorization Act provided the opportunity to make strong statement regarding the Federal government’s responsibility for disaster response and recovery. The work of the FEMA Office of Disaster Response and Recovery is critical when disaster strikes and for this reason should be a permanent part of the agency. This is the office responsible for the Federal wide coordination of disaster response and recovery efforts. Disaster response also requires that this office work well with nongovernmental aid agencies like the Red Cross, and health care 
responders, and private entities and business who collaborate on meet the needs of communities experiencing a disaster. I offered this Amendment to this bill because of my experience with Hurricane Harvey. There was no way to preprepare for Hurricane Harvey, or Maria or any of the other major disaster events in 2017. What we can do is learn as much as possible and apply those lessons to future disaster response and recovery efforts. When there is an event, like Hurricane Harvey there are important and valuable lessons that can help us to meet future challenges. On June 1, 2018, this year’s Hurricane Season will begin, and it must be the duty of this Congress to make sure that FEMA is prepared to meet the challenge. I plan to introduce a FEMA Modernization Act this year to address a range of moderation issues that are intended to strength the capacity of the agency to manage several major disasters simultaneously. Every place in this nation has one or more vulnerability to floods, damaging storms, wildfires, earthquakes, volcanic activity, or earth movement—such as mudslides. FEMA is the nation’s premier organization that must respond to catastrophes at a moment’s notice. Making permanent the FEMA’s work in disaster response and recovery will be part of this bill. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Derek ‘‘Boomer’’ J. Sprague. Boomer embodied what it means to be a citizen of the North Country. At work, Derek was incredibly skilled at Luck Bros, Inc., operating large machinery and moving heavy metals with ease. At home, Boomer was his children’s biggest fan and could be found coaching their sports teams and cheering them on. In his spare time, Boomer took advantage of the beautiful North Country to fish, hunt, golf, and most importantly, spend time with the people he loved. Instead of focusing on material success, Boomer’s family and friends knew him to value spending time with the important people in his life more than anything. I would like to offer my deepest condolences to Boomer’s family and friends, and especially his two children, by whom he will be greatly missed. It is clear that Boomer’s happy spirit and love for life and for all he met will leave a lasting impact on his community. His memory will be forever cherished in the hearts of the many people he touched throughout his life. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dhruv Gaur a Gainesville , native and Lakeview Academy alumnus, who recently became the college champion of ‘‘Jeopardy!,’’ America’s favorite quiz show. Dhruv studies public health and economics at Brown University. Each season, ‘‘Jeopardy!’’ hosts college students for a tournament, giving them the opportunity to represent their school through a display of their trivia knowledge. This season, Dhruv competed on the game show, and, despite his incorrect ‘‘Final Jeopardy’’ answer, he prevailed. As the victor, this Gainesville student took home a $100,000 cash prize, which he plans to use for future investments. Although Dhruv Gaur clenched the victory sporting his Brown University sweater, he also represented his neighbors back home in Northeast Georgia through his success. I congratulate Dhruv on his ‘‘Jeopardy!’’ win and look forward to his future success. COMMENDING STUDENTS ADVOCATING AGAINST GUN VIOLENCE HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 27, 2018 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Adin Segal, Tal Shauder, Eli Eiston, Isana Singh, and Zach Bodin, five students from Palm Beach County who have come together to say enough is enough with the gun violence in our country. While Congress refuses to enact common sense gun safety legislation, a new generation is taking action. These students enrolled in the Peres Leadership Program, named after former Israeli President Shimon Peres’ vision of leadership. For Peres, leadership was a noble cause defined not by personal ambition, but by moral values and a call to do the right thing. These students are all too familiar with our collective failure to protect them from gun violence. They reject calls for arming teachers and placing armed guards in schools. They do not accept the idea that the answer to gun violence is more guns. They see their schools as sanctuaries of learning in which guns have no place. To support and honor the students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, the students created the National Association of Students Against Gun Violence, establishing chapters in their schools to connect and unite students as they fight against gun violence. Their organization seeks to register every student to vote on their 18th birthday, facilitate town hall forums, and advocate for accountable leadership that supports reasonable solutions to gun violence. Since its founding only four weeks ago, their group has grown to nearly 1,000 members in 70 chapters in high schools across Florida, with more on the way in high schools and colleges around the country. I commend their activism, leadership, and dedication to their communities and I look forward to working with them to advance common sense gun legislation, like expanding background checks and banning the sale of assault rifles, high capacity magazines and bump stock devices. This is the least we can do. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 2:30 p.m., on Monday, April 30, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 public bills, H.R. 5645–5667; 1 private bill, H.R. 5668; and 11 resolutions, H. Res. 855–865; were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3997, to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–658); and H.R. 2152, to require States and units of local government receiving funds under grant programs operated by the Department of Justice, which use such funds for pretrial services programs, to submit to the Attorney General a report relating to such program, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–659).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Johnson (LA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
Recess: The House recessed at 10:07 a.m. and reconvened at 10:40 a.m.
Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 4, to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, by a yeaandnay vote of 393 yeas to 13 nays, Roll No. 165. Consideration began yesterday, April 26th.                                                                                     Pages H3725–26 
Rejected the Vela´zquez motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 164. 
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 104 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that allows for an arbitration process for those disputing their eligibility for assistance, or repayment of assistance, following a disaster;
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 107 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that provides for reimbursement to state and local units of government for housing that produces costsavings to comparable FEMA solutions;
Graves (LA) amendment (No. 108 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that limits reductions in assistance for more than one building in a multistructure educational, law enforcement, correctional, fire, or medical campus;
Babin amendment (No. 110 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that prevents FEMA from recouping disaster relief funds that were previously certified by a FEMA Technical Assistance Contractor (TAC) as eligible, reasonable and reimbursable; requires confirmation of the TAC determination through an audit by the DHS Inspector General; and 
Duncan (TN) amendment (No. 114 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that establishes a national standard for hiring motor carriers (by a recorded vote of 212 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 163).                                                                                     Pages H3720–23 
Rejected: McClintock amendment (No. 112 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–650) that sought to strike Section 451 of H.R. 4, which authorizes the Essential Air Service (by a recorded vote of 113 ayes to 293 noes, Roll No. 162).
H. Res. 839, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4) and (H.R. 3144) was agreed to Wednesday, April 25th. Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Representative Crowley announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
Question of Privilege: Representative Crowley rose to a question of the privileges of the House and submitted a privileged resolution. Subsequently, the House agreed to the McCarthy motion to table H. Res. 856, raising a question of the privileges of the House, by a yeaandnay vote of 215 yeas to 171 nays with 3 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 166. 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday, May 1st.
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unanimous consent that, in the engrossment of H.R. 4, the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section numbering and crossreferencing, and the insertion of appropriate headings.
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yeaandnay votes and three recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3722–23, H3723, H3725, H3725–26, and H3727. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:59 p.m. 
DO NOT CALL: COMBATING ROBOCALLS AND CALLER ID SPOOFING Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Do Not Call: Combating Robocalls and Caller ID Spoofing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
IMPLEMENTATION OF FinCEN’S CUSTOMER DUE DILIGENCE RULE—FINANCIAL INSTITUTION PERSPECTIVE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation of FinCEN’s Customer Due Diligence Rule—Financial Institution Perspective’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
BITKOV CASE Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Commission concluded a hearing to examine the Bitkov case and the United Nations International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala, after receiving testimony from Rolando Alvarado, Corpolegal; William Browder, Global Magnitsky Campaign for Justice; and Victoria Sandoval. f 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 2:30 p.m., Monday, April 30 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Tuesday, May 1 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9:30 a.m. 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E567 Bera, Ami, Calif., E559 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E558, E563 Black, Diane, Tenn., E560 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E568 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E568 Budd, Ted, N.C., E568 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E570 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E558 Collins, Doug, Ga., E562, E571 Curtis, John R., Utah, E567 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E564 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E557 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E571 Gomez, Jimmy, Calif., E558 Granger, Kay, Tex., E557 Grothman, Glenn, Wisc., E564 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E569 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E569 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E570 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E561 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E568 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E567 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E559 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E566 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E557, E570 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E560, E560, E561, E562, E562, E564, E564, E565, E566, E566 Poe, Ted, Tex., E559, E560, E563, E565, E569 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E558, E559 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E569 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E564 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E561 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E569 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E571 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E566 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E561, E566 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E560 Young, David, Iowa, E560, E562, E563, E565, E565, E566, E567, E568, E569, E570 