Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleague and fellow cochair of the bipartisan Congressional Ukraine Caucus, Rep. BRIAN FITZPATRICK , to honor the dignified and illustrious life of Ukrainian democratic leader, Ivan Drach. A poet, author, politician, and lover of liberty for Ukraine, Ivan was a true leader who brought forward the edge of freedom for his nation. On June 19, Ivan passed away in Kyiv at the age of 81. He first gained prominence with his poem, ‘‘Knife in the Sun,’’ and then later in 1988 helped found and led the ‘‘Popular Movement for Ukraine,’’ popularly known as Rukh. After his election to the Ukrainian Parliament, the Verkhovna Rada in 1990, he worked tirelessly to shine a light on wicked crimes of Russian 
imposed communism, as well as to find commonality between all of Ukraine’s ethnicities. It is during these times that we look to his example of humble, yet powerful leadership. May we remember his sacrifice, and find inspiration in his unflagging commitment to a free and open Ukraine, and his pursuit for liberty. 
IVANDRACH —GIANT OF UKRAINE ’S INDEPENDENCE  Ivan Drach, a giant in Ukraine’s movement to independence, died June 19 in a Kyiv hospital at the age of 81. Drach, a longtime member of the Writer’s Union of Ukraine, was a respected and awardwinning poet and screenwriter. With his poem ‘‘Knife in the Sun,’’ he first came into national prominence during ‘‘The Thaw’’—a brief period of political and cultural liberalization under then Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev. Twenty years later, Drach again came to national and international prominence as a political activist during the Soviet Union’s Perestroika period in the late 1980s and then during the early years of Ukraine’s independence. The numbers of young men from Ukraine lost in the Soviet Union’s war in Afghanistan and the handling of the Chornobyl explosion led to Ukraine’s civil society becoming restless with directives from what was euphemistically known as ‘‘the center’’ (Moscow) and were increasingly distrustful of leaders in the Kremlin. In what began in late 1988 as an initiative of the Writer’s Union of Ukraine, a year later had become a national movement. In September 1989, at the founding congress of the ‘‘Popular Movement of Ukraine’’ (Narodniy Rukh Ukrainy), a grassroots opposition movement known worldwide simply as ‘‘Rukh,’’ Drach was elected chairman and an Mykhailo Horyn, a political dissident who had survived the Soviet Gulag, was elected head of Rukh’s secretariat. The pair combined focused vision with determined leadership and guided the organization, and civil society, through a tumultuous period in history. As Rukh’s membership grew throughout Ukraine other prominent dissidents, as well as representatives of major ethnic and religious groups in Ukraine assumed leadership roles. However, Drach, although often understated in his actions, was the recognized leader. With the sensibility of a writer, Drach was eloquent in his expression of Rukh’s goals and ideals, particularly emphasizing the inclusivity of Rukh. He always spoke in terms of ‘‘people of Ukraine,’’ and not ‘‘the Ukrainian people.’’ A recognized tool in the USSR’s system of authoritarian governance was routinely to create friction between nationalities in order to weaken opposition. In contrast, Drach and Rukh recognized and spoke to the common interests of all citizens of Ukraine—Ukrainians, Russians, Poles, Jews, Tatars, and others. At the founding congress of Rukh, reflecting upon the principles of Rukh, Drach underscored the importance of multiethnic respect within Ukraine stating, ‘‘Jews should live better and feel more comfortable in Ukraine than in Moscow, Leningrad, New York, TelAviv, and Jerusalem.’’ While at the helm of Rukh, he actively supported the decision by Rukh’s Council of Nationalities to help fund the gathering of the Crimean Tatar Mejlis, the first to be held in Crimea since the group’s mass deportation by Stalin in 1944. In March 4, 1990, in the first politically contested elections in Soviet Ukraine, 111 candidates, including Drach and others from the Democratic Bloc, a political coalition that included the Helsinki Watch Group, and the Green Party, as well as Rukh, were elected to the Verkhovna Rada (Parliament), breaking the Communist Party’s monopoly on political power. The day after the election, March 5, Drach and other leaders of Rukh, a number of whom, like Drach, were members of the Communist Party, drafted and signed a statement calling for Ukrainian independence, denouncing the Communist Party and calling on the Communist Party to take responsibility for the 1932–33 genocidal famine (the Holodomor), deportations, repressions, the policy of Russification, economic decline and ecological disasters. In early August, 1991, Drach received international attention at the time President George H.W. Bush came to Kyiv to deliver a speech to the Verkhovna Rada in which he cautioned Ukraine against ‘‘suicidal nationalism.’’ (Later named the ‘‘Chicken Kiev’’ speech by the late New York Times columnist Bill Satire). Before President Bush arrived in Ukraine from Moscow, at a Rukh rally in central Kyiv, Drach surprised the crowd and the media by anticipating Bush’s message and repudiating it in advance. ‘‘I am afraid that Bush has come here as a messenger for the center . . . We are not a sample of Soviet culture ....  Our culture is the culture of Ukraine, the culture of Ukrainians, Russians who live in Ukraine, Jews, Poles. Ukraine will become independent despite the center. Like the United States that cast off the British Empire, Ukraine will cast off Moscow’s Soviet Empire.’’ One of Drach’s most important contributions was his role during the week between August 19, 1991, and August 24, 1991. In response to a coup in Moscow during the early morning hours of August 19, under the direction of Drach, Rukh immediately issued a statement condemning the leaders of the coup and the effort to return the USSR to hardline Communism, away from glasnost and perestroika. Rukh feared a reverse in the course of freedom that had been advanced. Rukh called for a special session of the Verkhovna Rada to be held immediately in order that a strategy be developed to distance Ukraine from the coup in Moscow. Behind the scenes, the leaders of Rukh pressured the members of the Communist majority in parliament to agree to a vote for Ukraine’s independence on August 24, the date of the special session. Then, by an almost unanimous vote, parliamentarians passed Ukraine’s Declaration of Independence conditioning the declaration upon the vote of the people of Ukraine in a national referendum that was held on December 1, 1991. Ukraine was the only republic of the Soviet Union to condition its independence on a vote of the people. Drach continued to lead Rukh until the autumn of 1992, and continued to serve in the Verkhovna Rada through several more election cycles. Born on October 17, 1936, in Enlightens, Kyiv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Ivan Fedorovych Drach is survived by his wife Mariya and daughter Maryana, who is the Director of the Ukrainian Service of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty in Prague. His son Maksym, who had worked as a member of a medical team during the aftermath of Chornobyl, and later suffered health consequences as a result, passed away in 2009 at the age of 44. Although offered a prominent state burial, Drach declined and was buried in his native village, next to his parents and his son. —Robert A. McConnell, CoFounder of the U.S.Ukraine Foundation. RECOGNIZING JULIE AND BUCK WATERS FOR THEIR COMMITMENT TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE ARTS IN GREATER PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend Julie and Buck Waters, the Eighth Annual Hylton Performing Arts Center Awards Gala honorees, for their endless contributions to expanding the reach of the arts in the Greater Prince William County area. In recognition of the arts being the heart of a civilized society, net proceeds from the annual gala benefit the Hylton Center’s many artistic performances, arts education programs, veterans art and outreach initiatives, and the Hylton Center’s Endowment. These programs help to ensure the continuation of artistic excellence in performances as well as the accessibility to quality artistic programs. Over the short, storied history of the Hylton Performing Arts Center, a series of milestones have been reached due to the support and enthusiasm of Julie and Buck Waters. Through their personal philanthropy and volunteerism, Julie and Buck Waters have demonstrated steadfast leadership and commitment to Prince William County, George Mason University, and the Hylton Center. Their dedication has helped the Hylton Center sustain the entertainment, education, and enrichment of Northern Virginia by providing diverse and accessible arts experiences in stateoftheart venues. ’ As a member of the first fundraising committee to build the Hylton Center, Buck Waters serves as a member of the George Mason University Prince William Campus Advisory Board. In addition, he is a former chairman of the Prince William Regional Chamber of Commerce, the Prince William & Manassas Convention and Visitors Bureau, and the Potomac Business Committee for the Arts. Julie Waters is a past recipient of the Kathleen K. Seefeldt Award for the Arts ExcellenceOutstanding Volunteer award for her work helping to implement a program to bring children from the area’s public school systems to the Hylton Center for performances as a way to expose them to the arts. Julie currently serves on the Hylton Center’s Campaign Committee, as the chairman of the Water’s Foundation, and as secretary of the Manassas Ballet Theatre. As avid art enthusiasts, Mr. and Mrs. Waters supported the launch of the new Hylton Center EXTRA! Series. As Leonardo da Vinci once said, ‘‘Art is never finished, only abandoned.’’ We can take great comfort in knowing that with the support of Julie and Buck Waters as well as other great benefactors of the Hylton Performing Arts Center, art will never be abandoned in Prince William County. In an effort to continue the advancement of the Hylton Center, Julie and Buck Waters generously named the Practice Room Suite Anteroom within the new Education and Rehearsal Wing. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the Eighth Annual Hylton Performing Arts Awards Gala honorees, Mr. and Mrs. Waters, for their tireless stewardship of the arts in Greater Prince William County. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Robert Fellion who has announced the Napa County Fourth of July Parade for the past thirty years, from 1989 to 2017 and is the Grand Marshal of the 2018 parade. Mr. Fellion was born in Berkeley, California and moved to Napa County when he was in high school. He graduated from St. Helena High School in 1963. After working for Sears Roebuck and Company for several decades, Mr. Fellion retired and opened Fellion’s Deli in Calistoga, California in 1984. Mr. Fellion has been a constant presence at our local Fourth of July parade as the announcer and many people look forward to hearing him announce the parade each year. This year the community looks forward to Mr. Fellion leading the parade as the Grand Marshal, a welldeserved honor. Mr. Fellion’s commitment to serving our Napa County community does not end with his work for the parade. He has served as an auctioneer for many community fundraisers, including St. Helena High School’s athletic booster association and Soroptimist International of Calistoga. Mr. Fellion sponsored a little league team and provided the Calistoga High School football team with breakfast and packed them lunches when they played away games. In recognition for his support of youth activities, Mr. Fellion, along with his wife Carol and his brother Steve, won Calistoga’s Citizen of the Year award in 1987. Mr. Fellion is a current member and past president of the Native Sons of the Golden West, St. Helena. He is also a longtime member of the Rotary Club of Calistoga and an original member of the St. Helena Hall of Fame committee, which is committed to honoring high school athletes and coaches in our community. Mr. Speaker, Bob Fellion is dedicated to serving our community and has done so for many decades. He is an involved community member who aims to give back to the community that he says raised him. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Robert Fellion here today. 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 4684 ENSURING ACCESS TO QUALITY SOBER LIVING ACT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018. Opioid abuse has become a public health crisis with devastating consequences, including; overdoses, rising incidence of neonatal abstinence syndrome, homelessness, and unemployment. H.R. 4684 ensures that the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration has the resources to provide the best practices for operating recovery houses and to distribute the information to states, and to provide technical assistance to states seeking to adopt such practices. It is undeniable that, to ensure their path to recovery, victims of substance abuse are in need of proper recovery housing that is free from alcohol and drug use. People suffering from addiction are in dire need of healthy living environments to ensure a successful transition. Recovering addicts coming from an environment that does not provide the proper assistance, face many challenges and problems when they later reenter society. Every day, over 115 Americans die after overdosing on opioids, with more than 64,000 deaths reported in the year 2016. In 2015, 2588 opioid overdose related deaths were reported in my home state of Texas with Harris County accounting for 318 of those deaths. It has been reported that 91 percent of victims in recovery will experience a relapse, 59 percent of those will experience a relapse within the first two weeks of sobriety, and 80 percent within a month after discharging from a detox facility. H.R. 4684 will not only provide addicts with qualified recovery homes but healthy family oriented settings. Medical research suggests that recovery residencies should be structured like family home, a community living environment which is centered on peer support and connection to services. These provisions of the bill will provide victims of opioid addiction with much needed guidance. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4684 to show their support in this extremely critical moment in time and ensure that those who have fallen victim to the opioid epidemic are provided with qualified recovery housing. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise today to recognize the exemplary career of Ms. Sarah W. Goodrich on the occasion of her retirement from Schoharie Area Long Term (SALT) Development. Since 2012, Ms. Goodrich has remarkably served as the Executive Director of SALT, a nonprofit group in Schoharie County, New York that works to promote sustainable community development, natural disaster recovery, and emergency preparedness. In 2011, Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee caused severe flooding and devastation throughout Schoharie County. Ms. Goodrich spearheaded volunteer efforts in the wake of these natural disasters to assist friends, neighbors, and strangers rebuild their homes and communities. Throughout these difficult times, Ms. Goodrich became a cornerstone of disaster recovery within the Schoharie region, and it was her commitment to disaster recovery in the region that directly led to the creation of SALT. The genuine care and concern she has for her community knows no bounds. In addition to her many years cultivating SALT and making it into a beacon of community development, she has also been an active member of the Mohawk Valley Regional Economic Development Council, the Schoharie County Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors for the Cooperative Extension of Schoharie County. In recognition and honor of her outstanding commitment to the community, Ms. Goodrich has also received countless awards and accolades. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Ms. Goodrich on her muchdeserved retirement from SALT. Through her ardent and humble leadership, Ms. Goodrich has been an unfaltering steward and passionate advocate for the community. Her lifetime of hard work is inspirational, and I am grateful for her many and unparalleled contributions to SALT, to Schoharie County, and to New York State. f 
HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2018 LITERACY COUNCIL OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA RECOGNITION EVENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Literacy Council of Northern Virginia (LCNV) and to congratulate the volunteers, instructors, students, community partners, and others who will be recognized at the 2018 LCNV Recognition Celebration. The mission of LCNV is to teach adults the basic skills of reading, writing, speaking, and understanding English in order to empower them to participate more fully and confidently in their communities and in society as a whole. LCNV serves lowliteracy and limited English language proficient adults with a selection of lowcost, moderately intensive courses to help them transition into the workforce or other educational opportunities. LCNV provides the crucial first steps of language and literacy proficiency for workplace, citizenship, and community integration to help adults make measurable improvements in their lives. Each year LCNV recognizes students and members of the community who have contributed their time, energy, and resources to achieving the mission of LCNV. LCNV will also recognize the recipient of the Patricia M. Donnelly Merit Scholarship. It is my great honor to include in the RECORD the following names of the 2018 LCNV honorees and scholarship recipient: 
Cox Charities. Fairfax County Office of Public Private Partnerships. Korean Community Service Center of Greater Washington. 
Douglas ‘Kim’ Lutz. Teaching Team of Margaret Breen and Laura Schell. Library Team of Sally Eckard and Bruce Miller. 
I also want to recognize those volunteers who are celebrating service anniversaries with LCNV. Volunteers are being recognized for service milestones of 5, 10 and 15 years respectively. 
15 years: Kathleen Nebhut, Dianne Rankin, Judith Sapienza. 10 years: Rob Abbot, Renee Dexter, Kristen Landry, Jeffrey Randorf, Lynne Sprung. 5 years: Michael Carpenter, Liz Castillo, Eleftheria Frances, Alyse Goldman, Donna Kooperstein, Bruce Miller, Dahlia Orleans Pobee, Fran Perros, Paul Schoen, Nancy Simmons, Robert Sutter, Gary Voegele. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the Literary Council of Northern Virginia and in thanking and congratulating each of the honorees of the 2018 LCNV Recognition Celebration. l wish all of them great success in their future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Michael Roling of Dyersville, Iowa. The highest honor in the Boy Scouts is achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Only 4 percent of all scouts meet the requirements to earn the Eagle Scout Award. A Scout, such as Michael, requires tremendous dedication and hard work to rise through the ranks. In earning this title, Michael spent over 100 hours building a beautiful archery shelter, on display for his community to enjoy. He deserves special recognition for this important accomplishment. The challenges he faced earning this rank will serve him well in his mission of greater service to his family and community. I wish him the best of luck in all his future endeavors. 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5228 STOP COUNTERFEIT DRUGS BY REGULATING AND ENHANCING ENFORCEMENT NOW (SCREEN ACT) 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5228, the Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing Enforcement Now Act, or the SCREEN Act. Mr. Speaker, one way the nation can express its concern for our citizens’ health is by addressing the issue regarding counterfeit drugs and synthetic opioids. Among other things, H.R. 5228 will strengthen the ability of the Food and Drug Administration to combat counterfeit drugs, illegal and synthetic opioids, and opioidlike substances. Because the capabilities of counterfeit drugs and opioids are rapidly and continuously evolving, there is no single technology that provides longterm assurance of drug security. H.R. 5228 will implement new, holistic technology to better protect our drug supply. Opioids are a class of drugs that include the illegal drug heroin. All opioids are chemically related and interact with opioid receptors on nerve cells in the body and brain. According to a recent study, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report there were 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016 in America, 42,249 of which were related to opioid overdoses. This issue directly affects my state of Texas, because in 2016, there were 1,375 opioidrelated overdose deaths, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. In the city of Houston alone, there were 364 drugrelated overdose deaths. Another issue that H.R. 5228 will address is the prevalence of counterfeits, or fake medicines which are produced and sold with the intent to deceptively represent its authenticity or effectiveness. Fake medicine may contain harmful or inactive ingredients that harm users, or might have the right active ingredient but at the wrong dosage. Counterfeit drugs are illegal and can be harmful to your health. Mr. Speaker, critics of the FDA say the entire screening system is underutilized and filled with incomplete and late information. By enacting H.R. 5228, the FDA will have the authority to combat the scourge of opioids and counterfeit drugs. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5228. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Corporal Alex Neube. After joining the United States Army in 1951, Mr. Neube was deployed to Korea, where he fought courageously and quickly ascended to the rank of Corporal. During his tour of duty in the Korean War, he was involved in an intense firefight with opposing forces in which he was injured. Yet after recovering in a military hospital, Corporal Neube would return to the battlefield to complete the valiant effort of liberating our ally and defending democracy. After the completion of his tour in 1953, he returned to the United States, and was placed in the ready reserves where he remained until honorably discharged in 1957. Upon his exit from the military, he married Estelle Mangin. Together, they would raise six children. Growing through adolescence with the values of his father, their youngest, Brian, was inspired to enlist in the United States Air Force, where he would remain until 2014, retiring at the rank of Master Sergeant. Corporal Neube is the perfect example of an ideal soldier. Honor. Duty. Sacrifice. These values embody everything Corporal Neube stands for. Without the courage of Americans like him, we would have no one to uphold our values and defend our freedoms so that our democratic ideals may exist in peace. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize such a deserving man, Corporal Alex Neube. I thank him for his patriotism, and I salute him for everything he has done for this great nation. RECOGNIZING THE FAIRFAX FEDERATION OF CITIZENS ASSOCIATIONS 2018 CITIZEN OF THE YEAR AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the recipients of the Fairfax Federation of Citizens Associations Citizen of the Year Awards. The Federation is a coalition of civic and homeowners associations who work together to promote and support initiatives that will benefit all. Each year, the federation honors individuals for their extraordinary contributions to our community. I am honored to recognize the following individuals for their service to our community: 2018 Citizen of the Year: Gary Ambrose: A passionate advocate on behalf of those with mental illness and substance abuse disorders, Gary is an active member of National Alliance on Mental Illness, Concerned Fairfax, the Mental Health Subcommittee of the Fairfax County Ad Hoc Police Practices Review Commission, and the Steering Committee of the Fairfax County Veterans Treatment Docket. Since 2013, he has served on the board of directors for the FairfaxFalls Church Community Services Board, two years as chairman. He is also the Chairman of Fairfax County’s Diversion First Stakeholders Group. In 2016, he was recognized by the Virginia Association of Community Services Boards with the Senator Joseph V. Gartlan, Jr. Award. Citation of Merit: Barbara Lippa: Following a 35year career with the Fairfax County Planning Commission, including the last 14 years as Executive Director, since 2013 Barbara has focused her retirement activities primarily on women’s empowerment. Barbara has served as the Sully District representative on the County Commission for Women since 2013, and is currently its ViceChairwoman. Since 2014, Barbara has also served on the Executive Board of the National Association of Commission for Women, including 2 years as Treasurer. In addition, she has served in various capacities at the local, District, and International levels of Zonta International, which strives to advance the status of women through service and advocacy. Citation of Merit: Lyle ‘‘Chet’’ McLaren: Chet has served on the Fairfax County Park Authority, the Trails and Sidewalk Committee, the Environmental Quality Advisory Council, and the Tree Commission, to name a few . He has also served as President of the North Springfield Elementary School PTA, the Annandale High School PTA, the Annandale High School Band Boosters, the North Springfield Swim Club, and coach for the North Springfield Little League. In addition, Chet has also volunteered immeasurable hours to his North Springfield community and its nearby schools and parks, and was instrumental in the creation of the Friends of Lake Accotink Park. Citation of Merit: Richard Raines: Since October, 2003, Reserve Deputy Richard Raines has volunteered more than 23,500 hours with the Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office. Initially assigned to review and update the Sheriff’s Office emergency plans and standard operating procedures, he assisted in the submission of applications for federal grants for the enhancement of security of the Fairfax County judicial 
center. He and his partner formulated a plan for and conducted a full scale exercise for the emergency evacuation of the Fairfax County Adult Detention Center. This has become the basis for the National Sheriff’s Associations class for the emergency evacuation of jails. The American Jail Association named him the association’s volunteer of the year in 2005. The Fairfax County Board designated March 25, 2014 Richard Raines Day in recognition of his service to the county. Special Gratitude Award: Earl Flanagan: Earl Flanagan has been active in our community for decades. He has served as Mount Vernon District representative to the Fairfax County Planning Commission and Fairfax County Transportation Advisory Commission. Earl has served as President of the Riverside Estates Civic Association and of the Mount Vernon Council of Citizens Associations, and on the boards of the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens Associations and the Southeast Fairfax Development Corporation. A World War II veteran and former Air Force Officer, Earl served in General Patton’s 3rd Army and later in Korea. He currently serves as the President of the 71st lnfantry Division Association. Mr. Speaker, l ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these incredible individuals and in congratulating them on being honored by the Fairfax County Federation of Citizens’ Associations. Civic engagement is the foundation of a healthy community, and Fairfax County residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. The contributions and leadership of these honorees have been a great benefit to our community and truly merit our highest praise. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Toni Ellison, who passed away on June 16, 2018. Toni was born and raised in Stockton, California, where she attended Franklin High School and graduated in 1988. After high school, she worked in a number of fields, from technology to early childhood education. Supporting the young members of the community was her passion. She was an active participant and volunteer as a CoYouth Advisor with the NAACP Youth Council, and worked as a Case Worker for Head Start of San Joaquin County. She took great pride and joy in giving back to her community, and ensuring that children received a quality education. Toni was a dynamic member of many community churches, where she became known as ‘‘Coach Toni’’ and the first ‘‘B.O.S.S. the Movement’’ trainer in northern California. After being diagnosed with cancer in 2013, she began to take courses to become a certified holistic health coach and was inspired to someday create her own wellness charity to promote natural and integral health for the body. Toni dedicated her life to the success and spiritual wellbeing of her community, friends, and family. Her legacy will undoubtedly continue to live on through those who knew and were inspired by her. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5002, the ACE Research Act. It is undeniable that more money, resources, and research needs to go into solving the many addictions, diseases, and disorders that face our society today. H.R. 5002 amends the Public Health Service Act by augmenting the National Institutes of Health’s research initiatives, by introducing more critical research that will strengthen the understanding and yield cures to the myriad of health problems that are facing Americans today. The ACE Research Act will provide the National Institutes of Health with the necessary authority, resources and support it needs to further research and increase the fundamental biological understanding of the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of diseases and disorders. Additionally, the research initiatives undertaken by the National Institutes of Health may be supported through transactions other than contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements under the ACE Research Act. The ACE Research Act will provide the National Institutes of Health with the measures to implement high impact, cuttingedge research necessary to combat public health threats. Further, the National Institutes of Health will be able to partner with companies that have the technology and resources to administer this cuttingedge research. The National Institutes of Health conducts tremendous, groundbreaking research that investigates the causes and remedies of diseases, addictions, ailments, and other public health areas for all people. Moreover, the National Institutes of Health is the leading government agency that is responsible for essential public health and biomedical research, which helps Americans combat the health concerns that arise daily. The ACE Research Act will support the National Institutes of Health’s research initiatives in finding cures to the growing opioid addiction in America today. Opioid addiction, which includes the overuse of illicit and prescription drugs, is taking the lives of Americans across our nation each day. A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report cited 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016 in America, 42,249 of which were related to opioid overdoses. In 2016, there were 1,375 opioidrelated overdose deaths in Texas, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. In the city of Houston, there were 364 drug related overdose deaths alone that happened in 2016 according to the Treatment Center, a highly respected drug and alcohol addiction treatment service center. Therefore, it is vital that research is done concerning drug abuse and addictions, as it has been a longterm problem in our society. According to the American Society of Addiction Medicine, addiction is ‘‘a primary, chronic disease of brain reward, motivation, memory and related circuitry.’’ Addiction is not a choice, a moral feeling, or a lack of willpower; it is a disease of the brain that requires proper treatment. Addiction is a longstanding mental and physical illness that many Americans are facing today, leading to their lives being compromised, and in some cases even leading to their death. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is overseeing important research to respond to this epidemic, and this bill responds favorably to its request for more flexibility in conducting research on treatments for opioid addiction and other disease areas. This research may lead to scientific advances that may find solutions to the opioid crisis, as well as solutions to other addictions and public health threats. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5002, which will expand the National Institutes of Health’s research initiatives to include valuable research that will address the multitude of health concerns facing Americans today. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE GRAVE MARKING OF ISAAC BERRY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the grave marking of Isaac Berry at the Woodside Cemetery in Yarmouth, Massachusetts. Born in 1728, Isaac Berry was a landowner, farmer, merchant, constable, sea captain, and lawyer in Yarmouth, Massachusetts. He was elected as constable in 1774, where he had the unique opportunity to directly serve the townspeople of Yarmouth. In this position he was assigned to oversee that a limited amount of British tea was consumed in Yarmouth. In 1778, Berry joined the Yarmouth militia during the American Revolution. Under the command of Lot Crowell, he responded to the Alarm at Falmouth and the Alarm at Dartmouth. During his time, he was also responsible for guarding the prisoners of the HMS Somerset after the ship sank in Cape Cod waters. Isaac Berry married Sarah Crowell in 1751 and together they started a family. After living a long life dedicated to his community and country, he passed away in 1803 and was buried in Yarmouth. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Isaac Berry and his contribution to the town of Yarmouth. I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing his hard work and dedication on the event of his grave marking. 
RECOGNIZING THE WASHINGTON REGIONAL ALCOHOL PROGRAM LAW ENFORCEMENT AWARDS OF EXCELLENCE RECIPIENTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Washington Regional Alcohol Program (WRAP), and to congratulate the recipients of the 20th Annual Law Enforcement Awards of Excellence for Impaired Driving Prevention. Founded in 1982, WRAP is an awardwinning, publicprivate coalition formed to fight drunk driving, drugged driving, and underage drinking in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan region. Through educational and innovative public outreach programs, WRAP is credited with keeping local alcoholrelated death rates consistently below the national average. Its programs educate students and the general public on the dangers of alcohol and drugs, particularly driving while under the influence. Through the WRAP Holiday SoberRide program, individuals who are impaired can request a free cab ride home. Since SoberRide was launched in 1993, 65,385 free cab rides have been provided in the Washington Metropolitan area, preventing potential accidents and deaths. In 1982, the year that WRAP was founded, 26,173 people in the United States lost their lives in alcoholrelated car accidents, and 60 percent of all traffic fatalities involved drunk driving. Due to the tireless efforts of WRAP, other organizations such as MADD and SADD, local and state police, and enforcement of more stringent antidrunk driving laws, considerable progress has been made in decreasing the number of alcoholrelated traffic fatalities, especially here in the Washington Metropolitan Region. According to the Council of Governments, the number of alcoholimpaired fatalities, injuries, and crashes have all decreased since 2014. However, more work still remains as 32.75 percent of all traffic fatalities in the region in 2016 were alcohol or drug related. Since 1997, WRAP has sponsored an annual Law Enforcement Awards Ceremony to honor local law enforcement professionals who have gone above and beyond the call of duty in the fight against drunk driving. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the names of the 2017 Law Enforcement Awards of Excellence for Impaired Driving Prevention recipients: Officer Wesley Vitale, City of Alexandria Police Department Master Police Officer Dimitrios Mastoras, Arlington County Police Department Corporal Kevin Hedden, City of Falls Church Police Department Officer Devin White, Fairfax County Police Department Private First Class Eliezer Calo, Town of Herndon Police Department Deputy John Chavez, Loudoun County Sheriff’s Office Trooper Dennis Moguche, Maryland State Police Officer Derrick Ferguson, Metropolitan Police Department Police Officer II Lawrence Caldwell, Montgomery County Department of Police Police Officer III John Romack, Montgomery County Department of Police Police Officer First Class Richard D. Carlson III, Prince George’s County Police Department Officer Matthew Sciabica, Prince William County Police Department Officer Benjamin Tomasiello, United States Park Police Trooper Lucie Vajglova, Virginia State Police Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the recipients of the Law Enforcement Awards of Excellence and in recognizing WRAP for its 35 years of public service. I commend the staff of WRAP, under the leadership of President Kurt Erickson and Board Chairman Gary Cohen, for their tireless dedication to eradicating underage drinking and drunk or drugged driving. Their efforts, combined with the support of partner organizations and law enforcement agencies, have saved lives and are deserving of our highest praise and gratitude. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Barbara and Stanley Johnson of Villisca, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 10, 2018. Barbara and Stanley’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recall the excellent life of Melvin T. Burgess, Sr., who served his community in various capacities for 56 years and died June 28 at the age of 80. Mr. Burgess served for 33 years with the Memphis Police Department, the final two and a half years as Police Director. Mr. Burgess was a graduate of Booker T. Washington High School after which he joined the U.S. Air Force. He was also a graduate of Grambling State University in Grambling, Louisiana. Mr. Burgess joined the Memphis Police Department on March 12, 1962, starting off in the Beale Street Precinct as a beat officer. He rose through the ranks, working in the juvenile, robbery, narcotics and homicide units before becoming an Inspector then Director in January 1992. As Director, he assumed the command of 1,448 commissioned officers. He ran for Shelby County Sheriff as a Democrat in 1998 but did not prevail. The following year, he began working as the second in command of the Tunica County Sheriffs Department during federal corruption probe and, when the sheriff under indictment pleaded guilty to extortion and resigned, Burgess ran the department for almost a year until a successor was elected. He was commended by one federal prosecutor for ‘‘coming in and righting the ship.’’ He also worked as chief of security for Harrah’s Casino in Tunica. Mr. Burgess was a true man of character and integrity whom I grew to know and admire while I was the legal advisor to the Memphis Police Department. I want to extend my condolences to his wife of 43 years, Johanna; his son Shelby County Commissioner Melvin Burgess II and his wife Sandra; his daughter Pamela Nelson; and his four grandchildren. Melvin Burgess always did the right thing. His was a life welllived, and he will be missed. f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5587 PEER SUPPORT COMMUNITIES OF RECOVERY ACT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5587, the Peer Support Communities of Recovery. H.R. 5587 provides for the establishment of regional assistance centers to implement addiction recovery support services throughout an individual’s treatment. Everyday, over 100 people in the United States die from opioid related drug overdoses, while over 11.5 million people misuse prescription opioids. In 2016, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report cited 63,632 drug overdose deaths in the U.S., with a linearly increasing trend. In Texas, there were 1,375 opioidrelated overdose deaths and within Houston alone, there were 364 drugrelated overdose deaths that happened in 2016 according to the Treatment Center. The U.S. is going through a serious drug abuse epidemic and the resources available for recovering addicts are currently limited in variability. Peer support services are unique in that they allow for individuals with common experiences to share their stories of recovery with the people who might be seeking help. Through selfhelp and shared support, people are able to offer strength and hope to their peers, which allows for personal growth, promotes wellness, and encourages recovery. Examples of peer support include: peer mentoring or coaching; peer recovery resource connecting; recovery group facilitation; and community building. In Houston, we have peer support programs that exist for both adults and youth through the Houston Health Department and Houston Recovery Center. H.R. 5587 authorizes programs, similar to the ones that are having a positive impact in 
Houston, to be established across the country to serve other communities. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5587 to ensure that we are addressing substance abuse in the United States as efficiently as possible. 
RECOGNIZING TROOPER II BRANDON WEST AS THE 2018 PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE BRONZE MEDAL OF VALOR RECIPIENT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend 2018 Bronze Medal of Valor Trooper II Brandon D. West for his extraordinary service and superior dedication to public safety he displays on a daily basis. For the past 32 years, the Prince William Chamber of Commerce has paid tribute to our police officers, firefighters, and emergency personnel for their extraordinary service. Each year, we gather to recognize the remarkable heroism and bravery above and beyond the line of duty exemplified by our public safety and law enforcement professionals. In 2014, Trooper West received the Virginia State Police Superintendent’s Award of Honor, the American Red Cross Lifesaving Award, and the Prince William Chamber of Commerce Silver Medal of Valor Award for his bravery, selflessness, and quick action in rescuing an individual and his dog before their disabled vehicle was engulfed in flames. These are just a few of the honors and awards bestowed to Trooper West in recognition of his dedication to public safety. During a shift in 2017, Trooper West was stationary on Interstate 95 northbound at the Occoquan Bridge when he saw a Dodge pickup truck with a large trailer pull to the right shoulder of the bridge. Trooper West proceeded to the location. Fairfax Communications sent out a call for a safety service to respond and informed Trooper West that an additional request for rescue services had been dispatched. Upon his arrival to the scene, a passenger informed Trooper West that the driver was injured. Trooper West found the driver pale and in possible shock. Seeing a large amount of blood on the floorboard, Trooper West realized a broken drive shaft had come through the floor of the pickup, striking the driver and severing part of his leg. Trooper West applied a tourniquet to the driver’s leg to slow the loss of blood. The tourniquet kept slipping, so Trooper West held the tourniquet in place until rescue services arrived and applied a second tourniquet. Ultimately, the driver was flown from the scene in good condition, thanks to Trooper West’s rescue efforts. In recognition of his act of valor, extraordinary dedication, and outstanding performance under unusually difficult circumstances, it is my honor to include in the RECORD Bronze Medal for Valor Award recipient, Trooper Brandon D. West of the Virginia State Police. Trooper West has exemplified the noble mission of all lawenforcement officers: to protect and serve in the line of duty. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in recognizing Trooper II Brandon D. West and in congratulating him on receiving the 2018 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Bronze Medal of Valor Award. The selfless act of heroism by Trooper West merits our highest praise. I thank Trooper West, as well as all Virginia State Police law enforcement professionals, for their dedication and commitment to the protection of our communities. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Norma and Kenny Archer of Honey Creek, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 9, 2018 at the Archer Farm in Honey Creek. Norma and Kenny’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Sri Vijayeshwari Devi, known to her many admirers as Amma Sri Karunamayi or ‘‘Amma,’’ for her exemplary efforts in bringing peace and understanding not only to the people of India, but to all nations. Amma was born in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. As a child, she was drawn to a spiritual existence, and spent most of her young adult life absorbed in prayer and meditation. After a period of intense reflection, Amma began a life of advocacy for the poor and disenfranchised, publicly speaking throughout India on the issues of nonviolence, equality, and respect for all people regardless of gender, religion, race or social status. Her teachings have led her across the globe, speaking to countless followers and performing humanitarian work wherever the need is greatest. To realize her vision of a more just world, Amma and her organization offer a host of services to underserved men, women and children in the United States, India and Africa. These services include organizing and providing, among other things, free medical care, clean water, free education, free food, leprosy care, and wheelchair distribution. Amma believes in pursuing sustainable development that enable families trapped in poverty to give a better future to their children. Amma is beloved by many as a Hindu saint, and has a large following in my district. Her humanitarian efforts have been recognized and celebrated by, among others, Congressman DANNY DAVIS, Congressman B ILLFOSTER, Governor Pat Quinn, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle, and President Jimmy Carter. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Amma’s selfless and compassionate devotion to all people, and her work to bring peace and understanding to our world. 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5197 ALTERNATIVES TO OPIOIDS (ALTO) IN THE EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT ACT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5197, the Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act, or the ALTO Act. Mr. Speaker, our nation faces an opioid crisis. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alternative pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in hospitals and emergency departments. Opioids contributed to the deaths of more than 42,000 people in 2016, more than any year on official record. Forty percent of all opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid. The economic burden of prescription opioid misuse in the United States is estimated to be $78.5 billion dollars per year. This figure includes costs stemming from health care, including addiction treatment, lost productivity, and criminal justice involvement. Over 200 million opioid prescriptions are written in the United States each year, and 2 million Americans have the symptoms of substance use disorder. Approximately 21 to 29 percent of patients prescribed opioids for chronic pain misuse them. In Texas, 4 percent of the population reports using pain relievers for nonmedical purposes. Harris County, which contains my home district, has a pain medication misuse rate of 3.91 percent. The time for action is now. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs Health and Human Services to carry out a 3–year demonstration program which awards grants to hospitals and emergency departments to develop, implement, enhance, or study alternative pain management protocols and treatments that promote the appropriate limited use of opioids. Emergency departments in several States, including in New Jersey and Colorado, have developed innovative programs to more widely utilize nonopioid pain treatments to reduce the use of opioids. We must learn from these attempts and initiate a national program to limit the overuse of opioids in emergency settings. However, it is important to realize that some groups, such as African Americans, are under prescribed pain management medications. 
We must balance these new programs that work to reduce overprescription with our continued efforts to ensure that medically necessary treatment be provided to people in need. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, is especially important for my district and the greater Houston area. Houston is home to many worldrenowned trauma centers including Ben Taub and Memorial Hermann. These centers have extensive emergency medical services and they, along with hospitals around the state and the nation, will benefit greatly from the support this bill provides. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to intervene before opioids claim the lives of more Americans. The Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act, or the ALTO Act is a necessary step towards stopping this opioid crisis. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, to prevent opioid addiction at the source and ensure that this crisis is stopped. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of one of my constituents, Lee Adrian. Lee was an active member of our community, serving as Block Captain for the Strathern Neighborhood Watch in North Hollywood, where he worked tirelessly with law enforcement agencies, private organizations, and individual citizens to reduce crime and improve our community. He was also involved with the Community Police Advisory Board for the Los Angeles Police Department Foothill Division that supports the Neighborhood Watch. A proud patriot, Lee was known for displaying an American flag outside his home for pedestrians to admire. He was also a veteran of the United States Air Force. His love for country translated to Lee’s involvement with community advocates, faith leaders, and government officials to make our community a better place for everyone. He and his wife worked relentlessly on the Whitsett Avenue ‘‘VINTAGE NORTH HOLLYWOOD’’ mural until its dedication in 2014, with a droughtresistant garden on both sides of the mural. The large mural was a community effort, which can now be enjoyed by motorists traveling on Whitsett Avenue and on the 170 Freeway, north of Sherman Way. I hope Mr. Adrian’s legacy is never forgotten, and that his passion of giving back to the community inspires others to follow his lead. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Joyce and Chet Lammert of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They were married on May 18, 1958 at Missouri Valley Church of Christ. Joyce and Chet’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
CONGRATULATING DANIEL JOSEPHSON ON WINNING THE 2018 CONSERVATIONIST OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Daniel Josephson on winning the 2018 Conservationist of the Year award. The Adirondack Council’s Conservationist of the Year award recognizes an individual for contributions to the Council’s mission of ensuring ecological integrity and wild character of the Adirondack Park. This year, Daniel Josephson is recognized for his dedication to research and advocacy on behalf of lakes, ponds, and the Honnedaga brook trout in the Adirondack Park. For more than 30 years, Daniel has advocated for conservation efforts in the Adirondacks by working with Cornell University’s Adirondack Fishery Research Team. He used his strong research and knowledge on the impacts of acid rain on lakes and ponds to aid advocates in influencing Congress, resulting in legislation that would increase cuts to air pollution. Through his passion for communicating scientific knowledge to help conservationists promote policy change, Daniel played an instrumental role in conserving the beauty and ecological value of the Adirondacks. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate Daniel on his welldeserved award, and thank him for his continued commitment to protecting the Adirondack Park, its natural resources, and its native species. 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5102 SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER WORKFORCE LOAN REPAYMENT ACT OF 2018 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5102, the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018. H.R. 5102 would establish a loan repayment program for mental health professionals practicing in areas with few mental health providers or with high death rates from overdose. Mr. Speaker, this bill will amend the Public Health Service Act to create a loan repayment program for individuals who complete a period of service in a substance use disorder treatment job in a mental health professional shortage area and counties where the drug overdose death rate is higher than the national average. This bill authorizes $25 million per year over fiscal years 2019–2028. H.R. 5102 will strengthen America’s substance abuse treatment workforce and provide for greater access to care for patients who need it the most. Mr. Speaker, the current trends of substance abuse in the U.S. are startling. A Columbia University study found that over 40 million Americans age 12 and over meet the clinical criteria for drug addiction and abuse. As substance abuse rates and death from overdose rates increase, studies project a shortage of 85,000 physicians in 2020—the impact of which will be the most devastating in rural communities. In my home state of Texas, 10.1 people die per 100,000 in the population from drug overdoses. In 2016, in Houston there were 364 drug overdose related deaths reported. H.R. 5102 addresses these critical issues by providing an additional path for health care providers to practice in rural and underserved communities, ultimately giving greater access to care for those suffering from substance use disorder. This piece of legislation will strengthen rural health care systems and will improve access to care for patients in these rural communities. Mr. Speaker, the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018 will help build a wellequipped workforce to combat the current rise in substance use disorders. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 GREATER RESTON CHAMBER OF COMMERCE EXCELLENCE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the recipients of the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce Annual Chamber Excellence (ACE) Awards. These awards are presented to individuals, organizations, and businesses whose extraordinary efforts make our community a better place. I have been proud to represent this community since my days as Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. The level of civic engagement celebrated by these awards is a testament to the community spirit of Reston. I have often said that civic engagement is a key indicator of a healthy community and tonight’s event proves that Reston is one of the healthiest communities in all of Northern Virginia! That is due in no small part to the actions of those honored here this evening and I extend my congratulations to all of tonight’s honorees. I also wish to thank Charles Kapur and Mark Ingrao of the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for their tireless efforts on 
behalf of others and to congratulate the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce as it celebrates its 35th anniversary. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the recipients of the 2018 ACE Awards: Committee of the Year—NOVA B2G Conference Steering Committee Small Business of the Year—Tagence Medium Business of the Year—AOC Key Solutions Large Business of the Year—SOS International, LLC Member of the Year—Dave and JoAnne Adams Group—Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage New Member of the Year—Cooper’s Hawk Winery and Restaurant Volunteer of the Year—Omicron Kappa Kappa Chapter, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. Young Professional of the Year—Colin May Pinnacle Award—Charles Kapur, Access National Bank Presidential Award—Tom Maddon, Visual Impact Productions Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the 2018 ACE Award honorees for their tremendous contributions and in thanking them for their service. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce and all of its members for lending their time and energy to the betterment of our community. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Joyce and Larry Newman of Clarinda, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on June 3, 2018. Joyce and Larry’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
RECOGNIZING THE MANASSAS CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 2018 PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commend the City of Manassas Police Department and its outstanding members who have demonstrated superior dedication to ensuring the safety of their colleagues and members of the community and their designation as 2018 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Valor Award recipients. The annual Valor Awards ceremony recognizes the remarkable heroism and bravery above and beyond the line of duty exemplified by our public safety and law enforcement professionals. For the past 32 years, the Prince William Chamber of Commerce has paid tribute to police officers, firefighters, and emergency personnel for their extraordinary service. Incorporated in 1975, the 10 square miles of the City of Manassas is located thirty miles southwest of the Nation’s Capital and surrounded by Prince William County. Recognized as a ‘‘Gold Standard with Excellence Agency’’ by the Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Agencies, the City of Manassas Police Department maintains a proactive approach to crime prevention built on established relationships within the community. As a result, the 120 employees maintain a highlevel of professionalism, dedication, and commitment to the more than 41,000 residents. It is my honor to include in the RECORD the following names of the City of Manassas Police Department law enforcement professionals. These brave men and women put their lives at risk on a daily basis to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. In recognition of their acts of valor, the following individuals are being honored for their extraordinary dedication and outstanding performance under unusually difficult or dangerous circumstances. Valor Merit Award: Officer Luis Armas, Officer Nicole Arrington, Communications Supervisor Jeremey Bergeron. Valorous Unit Award: Officer John Casteline, Officer Jeff Shubert, K9 Officer Rex, Detective Andrew Speights, Sergeant Chris Shields. Hillary Robinette Valor Award: Master Detective A. Geovani Barahona. Silver Award for Valor: Sergeant Jake Martz, Officer Jon Casteline, Officer Colin Heinke, Officer Steve Shillingburg, Officer Chris Sutton. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the 2018 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Valor Award recipients of the City of Manassas Police Department. The selfless acts of heroism by this distinguished group of men and women merits our highest praise. I thank each honoree, as well as all City of Manassas Police Department law enforcement professionals, for their dedication and commitment to the protection of our communities. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mr. David J. Molchany on his retirement from Fairfax County government after a long and distinguished career. Dave currently serves as the Deputy County Executive for Fairfax County, a position he also held during my time as a Member and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. I was proud to partner with him on many efforts to improve the lives of the citizens of Fairfax County. Dave’s career with Fairfax County began in 1995 with the Department of Information Technology as CIO of Fairfax County, a role he held until 1997, when he was appointed as Deputy County Executive. Dave’s portfolio in this role was extensive, as he was responsible for overseeing the following areas within the Fairfax County government: Fairfax County Public Library and Archives, Department of Information Technology, Department of Cable Communications and Consumer Services, Department of Vehicle Services, Facilities Management Department, Office of Human Rights and Equity Programs, Environmental and Energy Programs, and HIPAA Compliance. Dave has also chaired the eGovernment Steering Committee, the Energy and Efficiency Conservation Committee, and is responsible for the County’s Arts Committee. During my tenure as Chairman, my colleagues and I created an Environmental Vision for Fairfax County, the first comprehensive environmental agenda of its kind for local government. Implementation and oversight of this plan fell to Dave’s office and the careful consideration and proficiency with which he directed these efforts ensured that the County not only continued to strive to meet the goals, but in fact achieved some results ahead of schedule. His efforts are part of the reason why Fairfax County has created a model for sustainability programs across the region and indeed across the entire country. Another area that should be highlighted is Dave’s management of the IT side of the County government. As one might expect from an entity with tens of thousands of employees, more than one million residents and a budget in the billions of dollars, the County government’s IT infrastructure is massive and complex. Dave’s expertise in enterprise architecture, application development and support, data management, cyber security, and other related areas is crucial to the effective operation of the county. In recognition of his immeasurable contributions in this area, Dave has received numerous awards and accolades including Governing Magazine’s Public Officials of the Year (2003), Federal Computer Week Magazine’s ‘‘Federal 100’’ (2003), Computerworld Magazine’s Premier 100 Informational Technology Leaders (2002), Government Technology Magazine’s ‘‘25 Doers, Dreamers, and Drivers of Information Technology (2002), and Public Technology Institute’s Technology Leadership Award for Large Jurisdictions (2002). Mr. Speaker, the residents and public servants of Fairfax County have benefited enormously from Dave Molchany’s commitment and leadership. I thank him for his great service to his community and ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on his retirement and in wishing him continued success. f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 449 SYNTHETIC DRUG AWARENESS ACT OF 2017 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug 
Awareness Act of 2017, which requires the Surgeon General to report to Congress on the public health effects of the increased use since January 2010 by individuals who are 12 to 18 years old of drugs developed and manufactured to avoid control under the Controlled Substances Act. The term synthetic drug means a drug which is developed and manufactured to avoid control under the Controlled Substances Act. There are more than 200 identified synthetic drug compounds and more than 90 different synthetic drug marijuana compounds. Many of these synthetic drugs are made in foreign countries and then smuggled into the United States. These clandestinelymade drugs have no manufacturing safety standards that are normally required by the Food and Drug Administration. Synthetic opioids have surpassed prescription opioids as the most common drug class involved in overdose deaths in the United States. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration, fentanylrelated deaths nationwide are up from previous years by 73 percent. Fentanyl, a synthetic opioid created using manmade chemical components rather than naturally occurring ingredients, is 50–100 times more potent than morphine. Overall, drug overdose deaths involving fentanyltype drugs in the United States rose from about 3,000 in 2010 to more than 19,400 in 2016. The rate of teen drug overdose deaths in the United States climbed 19 percent from 2014 to 2015, from 3.1 deaths per 100,000 teens to 3.7 per 100,000. The number of American teens to die of a drug overdose leapt by almost a fifth in 2015 after seven years of decline. The opioid epidemic claimed more than 52,000 lives in 2015. In Texas, Synthetic opioids account for almost onefifth of drug related overdoses. In 2016, there were 1,375 opioidrelated overdose deaths in Texas specifically, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. Last year, 364 drugrelated overdose deaths happened in Houston. Synthetic marijuana, methamphetamine, cocaine, and heroin top the list of drugrelated problems in the Houston area. Geographically, death rates from overdoses involving synthetic opioids increased in 21 states, with 10 states doubling their rates from 2016 to 2017. No area of the United States is exempt from this epidemic—we all know a friend, family member or loved one devastated by opioids. H.R. 449 is a positive step in the right direction, I urge my colleagues to vote Yes on H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2017. 
CONGRATULATING GARY LEE ON WINNING THE ADIRONDACK COUNCIL’S SPECIAL RECOGNITION AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate retired Forest Ranger Gary Lee on winning the Adirondack Council’s Special Recognition Award. The Adirondack Council’s Special Recognition Award acknowledges an individual for contributions to the Council’s mission of ensuring ecological integrity and wild character of the Adirondack Park. This year’s winner, Gary Lee, has dedicated over 30 years of his life to wildlife conservation in the North Country. As a New York State Forest Ranger, Gary worked at the West Canada Lakes Wilderness and Moose River Plains Wild Forest. His achievements include producing the New York State Breeding Bird Atlas and banding birds on Four Brothers Island in Lake Champlain as well as at the Crown Point Bird Banding Station. Through his passion for birdwatching, photography, and writing, as well as his extensive knowledge of Adirondack wildlife, Gary has been instrumental in preserving our natural places and natural species of the Adirondacks. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I would like to congratulate Gary on his welldeserved award, and thank him for his continued commitment to protecting the Adirondack Park, its natural resources, and its native species. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Michael L. Ehrlich on the occasion of his retirement from the Fairfax County Public School System following an exceptional 30 year career in education. I thank him for his lifelong dedication to fine arts education and to thousands of music students in Northern Virginia. Michael Ehrlich was born and raised in East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. While in high school, he was an active member of the band and choral programs. Upon graduation in 1974, Michael spent two years as a saxophonist with the Air Force Band of the East stationed at McGuire AFB, New Jersey. In 1977, he began his college career at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana and received his degree in music and theatre in 1981. He then returned to Pennsylvania where he taught private saxophone and voice lessons. He also performed in and directed musical theatre for community theatre groups in the area. In 1983, Michael moved to Northern Virginia and established the foundation of his musical career here, teaching private saxophone and voice lessons and performing in and directing musical theater for several local community theater groups. Michael accepted a teaching position at W.T. Woodson High School in 1988. At that time, only 30 students were participating in the choral program. During his 30year tenure, Michael expanded the program, which now includes 250 students in six different choirs. Under his leadership, the W.T. Woodson High School choirs have consistently received superior ratings at the Virginia Music Educators Association (VMEA) choral festival, and have been invited to perform at many other venues and conventions. The Select Women’s Ensemble performed for the VMEA convention in 1993, 1999, and 2014 as well as for the Southern Division, American Choral Directors Association (ACDA) convention in 1998, 2006, and 2012. The Select Vocal Ensemble was a winner of the WGMS classical radio station/GEICO Young Artists in the Community contest and was honored to perform at the Kennedy Center’s Terrace Theatre Millennium Stage and at the Concert Hall. In the summers of 1999, 2006, 2009, 2012, and 2015, a group of select singers traveled to Europe and performed at venues in Austria, Switzerland, Italy, and France. Highlights of the tour included a singing mass at Notre Dame and also a performance at a wreathlaying ceremony at the American Cemetery in Normandy, France. In addition to his work with the choral groups, Michael was also the vocal director and pit orchestra conductor for W.T. Woodson High School’s musical theater performances. Michael’s dedication and commitment to this craft and to his students has been recognized locally and nationally, along with his influence on music education. Michael is listed in the Who’s Who Among American Teachers, was nominated for Fairfax County Teacher of the Year, and was named a USA Today—All USA Teacher. He was also a recipient of the 2004– 2005 Wolf Trap Performing Arts Center Scholarship for Teachers and was inducted into the East Stroudsburg High School Music Hall of Fame. In addition, Michael received the Sydney Swiggett award and was the inaugural recipient of the W.T. Woodson Parent Teacher Student Organization’s Teacher of the Year award. Perhaps most importantly, Michael is an educator who is beloved by his students, their parents and his colleagues, myself among them . Michael was my daughter Caitlin’s chorus teacher during her time at W.T. Woodson High School and our family remembers that time with warm appreciation. His joy in sharing his passion for music with his students is contagious and inspires them to strive for excellence not only in their choral performances, but in all aspects of their lives. As a lifetime supporter of the arts, I believe that fine arts education is critical to the emotional and intellectual development of our youth and our society as a whole. Michael has dedicated his life to this principle and the lives of countless young people and their families have been improved and enriched as a result of his commitment. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating my friend Michael Ehrlich on his retirement and in wishing him great success in his future endeavors. Although he may be officially stepping away from high school music education, I have no doubt that he will continue to advocate for the arts and for the joy they bring to our lives. On behalf of the 11th Congressional District of Virginia and on behalf of my family, I thank him for his service to our community and for his steadfast dedication to the promotion of fine arts and to the education of our youth. I wish him all the best in his retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Deana and Pat Lewis of Elliott, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on June 6, 1968 in Anita, Iowa. Deana and Pat’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 PRINCE WILLIAM CHAMBER OF COMMERCE VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS OF THE PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF FIRE AND RESCUE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue and its outstanding members who have demonstrated superior dedication to public safety and are the 2018 recipients of the prestigious Prince William Chamber of Commerce Merit Award and Valorous Unit Award for their service. The annual Prince William Chamber of Commerce Valor Awards recognize remarkable heroism and bravery above and beyond the line of duty exemplified by our public safety and law enforcement professionals. For the past 32 years, the Prince William Chamber of Commerce has paid tribute to our firefighters, police officers, and emergency personnel for their extraordinary service. These brave men and women put their lives at risk on a daily basis to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. For fire and rescue personnel, no two days are alike. Always on the front lines, the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue is comprised of three sections: community safety, operations, and support systems. Dedicated service members of a combination career and volunteer system fight fires, provide emergency medical services, perform rescues, and work in our community to promote fire safety and prevention. At the time of the Department of Fire and Rescue’s founding in 1966, approximately 50,000 people lived in Prince William County. Today, the Department provides high quality and efficient firefighting and emergency medical services to a population of more than 430,000 with a staff of 574 uniformed and civilian personnel. They provide around the clock services from 22 fire stations in a county spanning 348 square miles. In recognition of their acts of valor, it is my honor to include in the RECORD the following names of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue public safety personnel: 
Technician II Todd Laws, Technician I Marcia Midence, Technician I Robert Traver, Lieutenant Brian Marks, Technician II Jonathon Hartmann. 
Lieutenant Lee Presgrave, Technician II Chris Alloway, Technician II Jeff Dowell, Lieutenant Brian Reader, Technician I Jason Guimond, Technician II Jonathon Hartman, Lieutenant Brian Marks, Technician I Andrew Gorman, Technician II Greg Klatte, Lieutenant Vincent Prysock, Technician I Matthew Pennington. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues join me in recognizing the 2018 Prince William Chamber of Commerce Valor Award recipients of the Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue. The selfless acts of heroism by this distinguished group of men and women truly merits our highest praise. I thank each honoree, as well as all Prince William County Department of Fire and Rescue public safety professionals for their dedication and commitment to the protection of our communities. 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 5583 TO AMEND TITLE XI OF THE SOCIAL SECURITY ACT TO REQUIRE STATES TO ANNUALLY REPORT ON CERTAIN ADULT HEALTH QUALITY MEASURES 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, July 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5583, a bill to Amend Title XI of the Social Security Act to Require States to Annually Report on Certain Adult Health Quality Measures. The United States must affirm its role as a leader in domestic care by guaranteeing access to plentiful and accurate information regarding the health of its most vulnerable citizens. Mr. Speaker, over 67.4 million individuals are enrolled in Medicaid as of March of 2018. In Texas, Medicaid covers 1 in 14 adults under the age of 65, 1 in 3 lowincome individuals, 2 in 5 children, 3 in 5 nursing home residents, and 1 in 3 people with disabilities. There are currently over 717 thousand open Medicaid cases in Harris County alone. In addition, to doctor and hospital visits, Medicaid covers longterm services like nursing homes and communitybased services that allow people with chronic conditions and disabilities to live independently. Medicaid covers more than half of all nursing home residents. H.R. 5583 requires the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to expand its core set of adult health quality measures for Medicaideligible adults to include measures specific to behavioral health. A state Medicaid program must report annually on such measures. This bill requires States to use all behavioral health measures included in the core set of adult health quality metrics, and any changes to such measures, to be reported regarding the quality of health care for Medicaideligible adults. By passing this bill and instituting these reporting requirements, we can ensure equitable attention to healthcare for Medicaideligible men and women. Americans, no matter their financial circumstances, deserve access to healthcare, and this bill will ensure that discrepancies in care among lowincome Americans can be identified and addressed. Safeguarding the health and healthcare of our citizens is the best way to concretely demonstrate our dedication to their safety and wellbeing. It is not only the right thing to do for our citizens; it is the smart thing to do for our nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 5583, a bill that will ensure the healthcare of all Americans can be addressed and improved by requiring annual reports on the health quality of Medicaideligible Americans. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, July 9, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 8 public bills, H.R. 6309–6316, and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 983–984, were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative McHenry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Chaplain Major Jeff Schlenz, U.S. Air Force, Arlington Cemetery, Arlington, VA. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 10:35 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 9 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Mark Jeremy Bennett, of Hawaii, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, July 10 
HOUSE Blum, Rod, Iowa, E972 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E976 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E974 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E970, E971, E972, E974, E975, E976, E977, E977, E978, E979 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E972 Faso, John J., N.Y., E971 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E969, E971, E972, E973, E974, E975, E976, E977, E979 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E969 Keating, William R., Mass., E973 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E975 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E973 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E969 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E976, E978 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E971 Young, David, Iowa, E974, E975, E976, E977, E979 