Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my colleague, Congresswoman ANNA ESHOO , to recognize the life and legacy of a beloved member of our community on the central coast of California. James Carl Aschbacher passed away on April 25, 2018 with his wife and several dear friends at his side. While his time on this earth may seem short at 66 years, those who knew him understand that he was someone who made the most out of every moment given to him by following his passion and serving his community. Born October 9, 1951 in Evanston, IL, James began his career as the proprietor of Atlantis FantasyWorld Comic Book Store with his partner, Joe Ferrara. At the age of 40, James discovered his passion for art and gave up retail to pursue art full time. As many talented artists are, James was entirely self taught and quickly created a positive reputation for his whimsical and distinct style within the Santa Cruz arts community. He created numerous amazing works of art, but was perhaps known best for his pieces involving figures and animals surrounded by magical symbols. James also found ways to use his unique talents to serve his community. He was a popular Open Studios artist for over 25 years, and the Chair of the Open Studios Committee for the Arts Council of Santa Cruz County. In addition, he devoted himself to arts education by leading 4th and 5th grade students to create murals at various elementary schools in Santa Cruz County where he helped students to create and paint their own creatures. James had a genuine love for Santa Cruz and its residents, and the feeling was mutual. Those of us lucky enough to have met or spent time with him remember his enduring kindness, generosity, good humor and work ethic. In life, every day was a celebration for James. We, as a community, celebrate his legacy and a life well lived. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join us in honoring the life of James Carl Aschbacher. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Debbi and Neal Nation of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on July 27, 2018. Debbi and Neal’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the late Honorable Judge M. Allan Vogelson of Cherry Hill, Camden County, located in the First Congressional District of the Great State of New Jersey, for his decades of public service. The Honorable Judge Vogelson served as the Camden County Presiding Judge for the Camden County Superior Court, for more than twelve years. For eight years, he served as Presiding Judge, for the Camden County Superior Court, Civil Division and subsequently appointed to preside over the Camden County Superior Court, Chancery Division. Prior to serving as Presiding Judge for the Camden County Superior Court, Judge Vogelson served as the Assistant Prosecutor for Camden County and in 1971 elected as a freeholder to the Camden County Board of Chosen Freeholders, with tenure as the Freeholder Director. In the community he both loved and called home, Judge Vogelson served with distinction: on the New Jersey State Legislature Reappointment Committee, as a member of the Camden County College Board of Trustees, and on the Board of Trustees of the Boys & Girls Club of Camden County, New Jersey. Judge Vogelson was a husband, father, grandfather, greatgrandfather, forerunner, role model and exceptional public servant who was a tireless advocate for others, and is deeply missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join with me in mourning the loss and honoring the legacy of the late Honorable Judge M. Allan Vogelson. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a longtime Danville resident, Mr. Arthur ‘Art’ Gaskins. Art was born on August 29, 1918 in Lufkin, Texas to parents Winnie Davis Allwine and Arthur Earl Gaskins. He attended John Tarleton College in Texas and joined the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. After completing two years at John Tarleton College, Art enlisted in the Army where he assumed the rank of Corporal and was assigned to Fort Knox for armored training. He was later promoted to Company Commander of the Army and sent to Cavalry School in Fort Riley to study advanced tactics. He went on to serve in Europe during World War II and was tasked with maintaining the emergency communications system for his combat division, which earned him a Bronze Star Medal. After he retired from active duty in December 1946, Art lived for many years in San Leandro before moving to Danville. Art was an active member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 75 and a docent coordinator volunteer for the military museum at the Veterans Memorial Building of San Ramon Valley. He continued to serve his community until his unexpected passing on June 17, 2018. Art is survived by his daughter Lynne, stepdaughter Sharon (Jeff), grandchildren Jennifer (Ross), Scott (Annabelle), Lindsay (Kristopher), and Thomas, and his great grandchildren Jordan, Grant, Kacey, Tanner, Maxwell, and Kellan. He will be sincerely missed by those who had the pleasure of knowing him, and will be remembered for his endless service to this country. f 
COMMENDING VIRGINIA STATE UNIVERSITY FOR WINNING THE ‘HBCU OF THE YEAR’ AWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Virginia State University for being named the ‘HBCU of the Year’ by HBCU Digest. Founded in 1882, Virginia State University, also known as Virginia State, is a historically black public landgrant university located in Ettrick, Virginia. Virginia State was the United States’ first fully statesupported fouryear college for AfricanAmericans and is a member school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. Virginia State is a renowned institution of higher learning, producing impressive, highly qualified graduates in a variety of important fields—including agriculture, education, and business. Virginia State is an acclaimed institution for attracting and retaining firsttime college students, helping to open opportunities to communities of color across the country and expanding access to wellpaying, 21st century jobs. Virginia State also boasts a variety of impressive and decorated athletic programs. Virginia State, over its rich 116year existence, has been distinguished by an impressive and influential faculty and administration. 
John Mercer Langston, the first AfricanAmerican member of Congress from Virginia, served as Virginia State’s first president. Dr. Makola Abdullah, the 14th and current president, is the youngest African American ever to receive a Ph.D. in engineering. I call on my colleagues to join me in celebrating Virginia State University’s receipt of this momentous award in recognition of its invaluable contributions to Virginia and the entire nation. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 150th anniversary of Clark v. Board of Directors. The decision Clark v. Board of Directors rejected segregation and race discrimination and helped advance civil rights in the United States. Drake University of Des Moines, Iowa will be hosting a commemorative celebration. Susan Clark, a 12yearold AfricanAmerican girl was denied admission to her neighborhood public school based on her race. In 1868, the Iowa Supreme Court ruled in favor of Susan Clark, declaring that, ‘‘separate but equal’’ was unconstitutional according to the equality provisions of the Iowa Constitution. Clark v. Board of Directors is considered a landmark decision made 86 years before the United States Supreme Court ruled in Brown v. Board of Education in 1954. Russell Lovell, a Drake University emeritus law professor, said, ‘‘Clark v. Board of Directors was one of the most important court cases in our history. The decision continues to be vital and relevant today—not only in its rejection of segregation and racial discrimination, but also as a leading precedent for the Iowa Supreme Court’s independent constitutional analysis.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize the 150th anniversary of Clark v. Board of Directors because of the important role this decision has played in our history to eliminate racial discrimination and segregation. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in celebrating this monumental decision. 
CONGRATULATING SKYWEST AIRLINES ON BEGINNING ITS SERVICE AT PLATTSBURGH INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate SkyWest Airlines on beginning its roundtrip service between Plattsburgh, New York, and Washington Dulles. On March 20, 2018, SkyWest won approval from the U.S. Department of Transportation to become the new Essential Air Services Provider at Plattsburgh International Airport. SkyWest, branded as United Express, will offer 12 roundtrip flights a week to and from Washington Dulles International Airport. This new connection between the Washington metropolitan area and the North Country will serve employers and institutions for business travel, foster tourism in the Adirondacks, and link Plattsburgh with the rest of the world through greater access to international flights. SkyWest will also proudly take over as the flight provider for the North Country Honor Flight to continue serving North Country veterans and their families. On behalf of New York’s 21st Congressional District, I want to welcome SkyWest to Plattsburgh International Airport and to the North Country, and wish them the best of luck as they begin this important service to Northern New York. This connection presents a major opportunity for the community, and I look forward to seeing the economic development that it will bring to the region. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Gillie Castillo, whose career included service to our country as well as to the City of Albuquerque. Mr. Castillo is a beloved member of our community filled with unconditional love who makes friends everywhere he goes. Born in Valencia, New Mexico in 1934, Mr. Castillo joined the Navy in 1952 and served during the Korean War as well as in the years that followed. Part of his service took place on the USS Randolph, an EssexClass aircraft carrier. Mr. Castillo completed his service in 1955, but to this day he remains deeply proud to be a veteran and appreciative of his opportunity to serve our country. After returning home from the Navy, Mr. Castillo married Cathy Apodaca, who he met at a dance in 1954. The couple has been married for 63 years and has six children, 11 grandchildren, and 17 greatgrandchildren. Mr. Castillo attends St. Anne Catholic Church in Albuquerque. For years, Mr. Castillo worked for the City of Albuquerque Parks and Recreation Department. He began at the Los Altos Golf Course and went on to serve as a supervisor at the Arroyo Del Oso Golf Course, retiring in 1988. He also supervised the building of the Puerto Del Oso Golf Course. Mr. Castillo’s work led him to develop a love for golf, and he often played five to seven times per week. Mr. Castillo’s passion for staying physically active also extended beyond golf. He was the coach of many of his son’s baseball teams and attended all of his grandchildren’s softball games. He also played and umpired in many senior softball leagues himself. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States and the City Albuquerque, I want to thank Mr. Gillie Castillo for his valuable service to our country and community, as well as for his friendship. TRIBUTE TO S. S. PETER AND PAUL CATHOLIC CHURCH HON. DAVID YOUNG 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate a special Iowa church congregation in Atlantic, Iowa. Sts. Peter and Paul Catholic Church celebrated Mass to commemorate its 125th anniversary on Sunday, August 5, 2018. In 1870, Father Moynaghan gathered families together and organized an Atlantic congregation. Father Edward Gaule became the first resident priest for the local parish in 1873. The Diocese of Des Moines was formed in 1911 and included southwest Iowa and Sts. Peter and Paul Catholic Church. The church has been through many changes and renovations, including new buildings, a rectory, and a Parish Center. On September 15, 2017, Father Chinnappan Devaraj became the current pastor and Saints Peter and Paul Catholic Church remains one of the bedrock institutions of this Iowa town. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate the members of Sts. Peter and Paul Catholic Church for their many years of faithful attendance and service to God. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues will join me in congratulating Sts. Peter and Paul Catholic Church and wishing the Church and the community of Atlantic nothing but joy in the years ahead. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because Americans are dying from gun violence and this Congress continues to do nothing. Gun violence in America has become a daily reality in our cities, in our suburbs and in rural communities, yet this Republicancontrolled Congress does nothing. Instead, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle offer their ‘thoughts and prayers’ on social media while collecting NRA checks with zero after zero on them. Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker, money has poisoned our politics with deadly results. No other peer nation sees the level of gun violence that occurs in America—perhaps because our peer nations don’t have a gun lobby dedicated to a dangerous and misguided ‘gun everywhere, commonsense nowhere’ agenda that kills Americans on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the names of 244 Americans, from just three Congressional districts: Pennsylvania’s 17th Congressional District, North Carolina’s 13th Congressional District and North Dakota’s At Large Congressional District, who’ve been lost to gun violence in recent years. 
PENNSYLVANIA ’S 17TH DISTRICT  1. Michael Davis 2. Sharae Thompson 3. Xander Thompson, 3 
4. Zackary Yashkus 5. David Gombert 6. Victor Grandy 7. David Howard 8. Jack Sipple 9. Kenneth Schreiner 10. Jane Schreiner 11. Robert Eli Greene 12. Scott Allen Baver 13. Michael Bond 14. Joe Molinaro 15. Marylouise MeixellMoyer 16. Kervin Lee Garcia 17. Diane Brobst 18. Ryan Craig Boomer 19. Donald Garey 20. Morgan McGee 21. Gary Marchalk 22. Bentley Thomas Koch, 4 23. Ethan Robles 24. Anni Robles 25. Lisa Menzo Santoro 26. Leonard Moser 27. Terrance ‘‘Lex’’ Ferguson 28. Lawrence E. Purcell, Jr. 29. Rosemary Smith 30. Shyheem Smith 31. Michael Rogers 32. Jose L. OcasioShouverer 33. Kyre Williams, 16 34. Taron Walker, 14 35. Donna Kimmel 36. Shaun Briggs 37. Michael Saunders 38. Mitchell Rook 39. Haydee Delgado 40. David Spence 41. Devin Cosme 42. Officer Seth Kelly 43. Austin Naples 44. Emmanuel Cancel 45. Joseph R. Becker 46. Alex Rosario 47. Devin Andresen 48. Kyle Garrison 49. Alex Spaid 50. Sean Grady 51. William Anderson 52. Melissa Dombroski 53. Vanesa Batista 54. Trevor Oliver 55. Robert Purdy 56. Harry Read 57. Bentley Thomas Koch, 4 58. Ethan Robles 59. Sharae Thompson, 21 60. Xander Thompson, 3 61. Zackary Yashkus, 23 62. Kyre Williams, 16 63. Taron Walker, 14 
DISTRICT  64. Derrick Left Hand 65. Ila Averson 66. Louis Averson 67. Kevin Nelson 68. Carole Glomstad 69. Nicole Haliaaloh GututalaHoff, 25 70. Arianna Talmage, 6 71. Aidan Talmage, 10 72. Tyler Talmage, 14 73. Astra Yolk 74. Kommika K. Gregory 75. Casey Gene Jensen 76. Cherish Ranae Petersen, 26 77. Vance Neset 78. Grant Poyner 79. Nick Laqua, 23 80. Ronald Rechtzigel 81. Rolette County Deputy Sheriff Colt Eugene Allery 82. Kevin White 83. Tanner Carrico, 21 84. Jaide Tosseth, 14 85. Richard Young, 24 86. Diandre Lott 87. Donzell Washington 88. Fargo Police Officer Jason Moszer 89. Billy Holladay 90. Roger Falana 91. Caine Fischer 92. Brian James Story 93. Christopher Rusk Sluder 94. Gene Paul Jassmann NORTH CAROLINA ’S 13TH CONGRESSIONAL  
DISTRICT  95. Michael Jerome Potts 96. Wanda Taylor 97. Dionte’ Raynard Bethea, 23 98. Roland Vincent, 24 99. Denard Herbin 100. Michael Jaytuan Ingram, 28 101. Mirah Turner, 25 102. Antoine Gelzer, 18 103. Caitlin Heath, 21 104. Eric Johnson, Jr., 21 105. Michael Faulk 106. Gene Aikens 107. Elizabeth Smith 108. Shaquanna Shana Hudson 109. Jermaine Anton Wilson 110. Quavist Phillips, 20 111. James Christopher Davis 112. Austin Matulevic 113. Michael Luther 114. Tyree R. Miller 115. Lynn C. Baskins 116. Griffin L. Weathers, 17 117. Zoe Fleming, 16 118. TyQuan Von Ricco Washington, 18 119. Gregory Yarborough, 21 120. Derrick Demont DeWalt 121. Emmanuel Alexander 122. Wanda Alexander 123. Amar Clark 124. Justin Lynn Alspaugh, 24 125. Freeman Jacobi Wells 126. Charles A. Anderson 127. Na’kayla Bynes, 16 128. Qumain Pratt 129. Kenaya Ricardo James 130. Robert Allen Smith 131. Simmie Junior Bethea 132. Teresa Neal 133. Ronald Neal 134. Jose Santiago 135. Larry Darnell Dalton, Jr. 136. Centell Carter 137. Isaiah Malik Gillespie, 20 138. Stephen Nathan McKinney, Jr. 139. Timothy Frierson, 26 140. David Christopher Bohne 141. Devin Christofer Bilodeau 142. Karla AydeGarcia Arellano, 25 143. Javier Garcia Aguilar 144. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Eugene Owens 145. Rolesville Police Chief Bobby Langston II 146. Gina Williams 147. Michele Kennington Williams 148. Sharod Mathis, 22 149. Timothy Bennett, 24 150. Rebecka Pearce 151. Granville County Deputy Jeremy Pearce 152. Victor Hairston, Jr., 25 153. Londale Samuel Williams, 18 154. Sebastian Unique Smith 155. Joshua Omar Forbes, 25 156. James Robert Battle 157. Mark Edward Rice 158. Tony Braswell, 21 159. James Calvin Graham, Jr. 160. David Vasquez 161. Wesley Collin Carpenter, 27 162. Sandy Mazzella 163. Stephenie Ann Mazzella, RN 164. Elaine Toby Mazzella 165. Pedro Joel Reyes Dias, 24 166. Allan Uriel Rodriguez, 25 167. Don Pipkin 168. Kathleen Pipkin 169. Carlos Cesar Vasquez Luna 170. Alfred Garcias, 25 171. Bailey Lynch, 19 172. Stephanie Autry 173. Georgina Fajardo 174. Jerry Eugene Sumpter 175. Steven Andrew Short 176. Sean Fitzsimmons Guess 177. George Lee Dickens, Jr. 178. Ana Marlen CruzFranco, 28 179. Ventura Sanchez 180. Martha Yses Campusano Cisneros 181. Emilio RodriguezRizo 182. Britny Jordan Puryear, 22 183. Danielle Anita Hodges 184. Arthur Brown 185. David McKoy 186. Lloyd Woodlief 187. Lloyd Peyton Woodlief 188. Dana Andrew Lauffer 189. Renwick Earl Davis 190. Brandon Maurice, 22 191. Sherrod Maurice Crum 192. David Bruce Elrod 193. Tyler D. Pratt 194. Antron L. Breeden 195. Officer Tyler Horn 196. Anthony Kristopher King, 18 197. Nakayla Brown, 16 198. Kjuan Boyd 199. Tobechi Opara, 22 200. Julian Nelson, 17 201. Devron Davis, 25 202. Melquan Lapip Glover Sr., 25 203. Timothy Earl Dawkins 204. Cornelius Colson 205. Mosahn Elijah Robinson, 18 206. Zarrie James 207. Rose Correll 208. Kelvin Harper, 13 209. Robert Chad Christie 210. Shakeya Jones, 9 211. Demetric Brooks 212. Christina Hudson 213. Regina Gray 214. William Pierre Hargrave, 21 215. David Gamble 216. Darwin Lewis ‘‘D.J.’’ Turner 217. Chance Lebron 218. Roderick James 219. Joshuah Kristopher Keating 220. Christopher Lee Cantrell 221. Raven Cauthen 222. Tyonne Mckinnon, 19 223. Garrett Johnson 224. Samuel Tilley, 19 225. Jessica Holt, 22 226. Alcalvin Rogers 227. Tonya Boyd 228. Emmanuel Boyd, 21 229. Valencia Hussey 230. Isephine Garner 231. Leroy Carter 232. Steven Brian Perkins 233. Scott Cole 234. Kenneth Stagg, Jr. 235. Jarod Tory Vinson 236. Rhonda Williams 237. Joseph Meacham, 7 238. David Padron, 20 239. Alexis Patterson, 17 240. Dymond Patrice Fowler, 19 241. Christopher Scott Wilson 242. Himoud Ahmad AlAwamleh 243. Jerome Edward Fogg, Jr. 244. Officer K.J. Barefoot. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Mary Ann and 
Robert Wege of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 25, 1948 at Christ Lutheran Church in Norfolk, Nebraska. Mary Ann and Robert’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF HENRY FORD ALLEGIANCE HEALTH 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th anniversary of Henry Ford Allegiance Health in Jackson, Michigan. Henry Ford Allegiance Health has a remarkable history that began in 1918 when Mrs. Ida Foote donated the land for W.A. Foote Memorial Hospital in honor of her late husband, W.A. Foote. Foote Hospital, the name that life long Jackson residents often still use to refer to their local hospital, merged with Mercy Hospital in 1975. In 1983, the two facilities combined and moved to the hospital’s present location, adjacent to the original Foote Hospital building. In July of 2008, the system was renamed Allegiance Health System, and in 2016, Allegiance Health System joined forces with the Henry Ford Health System to create Henry Ford Allegiance Health. This longstanding community institution has continued to expand as it has faithfully served the community of Jackson and beyond. Henry Ford Allegiance Health seeks to fulfill its mission to ‘‘lead our community to better health and wellbeing at every stage of life.’’ The 475bed health system provides a full range of inpatient and outpatient services, including a unique 20bed cardiac universal bed unit, an outpatient surgery center, a stateoftheart cancer center, a Level II Trauma Center, a shortterm acute care facility, a residential hospice facility, a Center for Health Innovation and Education, numerous preventive and well being programs, and services that target the underserved. As a teaching hospital, Henry Ford Allegiance Health is uniquely positioned to train residents who will serve the next generation. Henry Ford Allegiance Health is also nationally recognized for quality and patient safety. It has earned many awards and distinctions such as the Foster G. McGaw Prize, the Everest Award for National Benchmarks, and the CareChex Patient Safety & Medical Excellence Award, as well as being named multiple times as one of Thomson Reuters 100 Top Hospitals. The present staff of more than 400 physicians and 3,700 staff members are committed to providing quality care for those that they serve. Led by longtime CEO and President Georgia Fojtasek, Henry Ford Allegiance Health continues to build upon a rich history that has spanned a full century. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Henry Ford Allegiance Health’s tradition of health care excellence as it celebrates its 100th anniversary. f 
CELEBRATING IMPROVEMENTS AT THE NORTH COUNTRY FAMILY HEALTH CENTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate completed renovations at the North Country Family Health Center (NCFHC). The North Country Family Health Center is a Federally Qualified Health Center that receives support from the federal government and provides healthcare to the underserved. NCFHC has a proud track record of welcoming all patients, whether they be privately covered, publicly covered, or uninsured, and providing those individuals all with patientcentered, personalized care. In May of 2016, NCFHC received a $1 million award from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services through the Health Infrastructure Investment Program. With these funds, NCFHC undertook a twoyear renovation project, resulting in important improvements to its main location in Watertown, New York. This facility now has a new front lobby, a revamped WIC Program station, and new pediatric and medical exam rooms to improve the patient experience. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to thank the North Country Family Health Center for its dedication to providing its patients with high quality care. This award is well deserved, and I look forward to seeing patients benefit from these renovations for many years to come. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exemplary work of Chief of Police Russ Kerbow of the Lewisville Police Department. Chief Kerbow recently retired from the Lewisville Police Department after spending more than 40 years serving his hometown. He began his career in 1977 as a Reserve Officer before rising through the ranks in various areas of the department. Nearly thirty years later, in May 2007, he was appointed Chief of Police. As a North Texas leader in law enforcement, Chief Kerbow is well respected by his colleagues and the residents of Lewisville, Texas. Before joining the Lewisville Police Department, Chief Kerbow graduated from the University of North Texas with a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. He attended the School of Police Supervision at the Southwestern Law Enforcement Institute, the Command Management School, and the 197th Session of the National FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia. Chief Kerbow holds a Master Peace Officers License and is the regional director for Region 8 of the Texas Police Chiefs Association. Outside of his law enforcement career, Chief Kerbow actively serves or has served on a number of North Texas nonprofit organizations’ boards such as CASA of Denton County, the Heroes of Denton County, Lewisville ISD Education Foundation, and Lewisville Rotary. Chief Kerbow has devoted more than four decades to protecting and serving his neighbors, putting strangers’ safety above his own. He has made significant contributions to the Lewisville Police Department and our North Texas community. I am deeply grateful for Chief Kerbow’s service to the City of Lewisville, and wish him the best in his retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Carolyn and Richard Groves of Massena, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Carolyn and Richard’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
CELEBRATING CLAUDE AND MARY RENSHAW ON THEIR 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Claude and Mary Renshaw of South Bend on their 50th wedding anniversary. After marrying in 1968 and moving to northern Indiana in 1977, they built a beautiful life for their family full of love, laughter, and strong Hoosier values. Fifty years of marriage is a marvelous accomplishment that speaks volumes to the compassion and the tremendous foundation of respect and gratitude they share with one another. Their lasting commitment not only to each other but also to their daughters and granddaughter is a shining example of devotion and 
faithfulness in our Hoosier community. Having dedicated themselves to educational and cultural enrichment, they have touched the lives of countless people in our community. I am grateful for all they have done over the years to make South Bend a better place to live. On behalf of 2nd District Hoosiers, it is my honor to celebrate Claude and Mary on their golden anniversary and to help them ring in this milestone. I would like to extend my sincerest congratulations to Claude, Mary, and their entire family. It is my hope that their love continues to grow stronger with each passing year. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Tunkhannock Tigers Little League Softball Team for their outstanding performance in the 2018 Little League Softball World Series. The Tunkhannock Tigers had an impressive run in this year’ s tournament. They were the No. 1 seed in the quarterfinal game and ultimately advanced to the championship, where they fought hard but suffered a loss to a team from Wheelersburg, Ohio. Throughout the entire series, they showed an impressive level of poise and determination. These exceptional athletes serve as an example for not only aspiring female athletes, but for all Pennsylvania youths. Their talent and dedication are a great source of pride for the community and state at large, as they were the only team from Pennsylvania in the tournament. I am honored to represent the Tunkhannock Tigers. I know these young women have bright futures ahead of them and will go on to accomplish great things. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Tunkhannock Tigers Little League Softball Team and congratulating these athletes on their hard fought second place finish in the 2018 Little League Softball World Series. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Jo and Delmar South of Cumberland, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 7, 1968. Jo and Delmar’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Shelley Unser, who passed away last week at the age of 59. Shelley was one of our community’s most prominent philanthropists who touched the lives of countless individuals with her warmth and generosity. Born and raised in Phoenix, Arizona, Shelley moved to New Mexico in the 1980s and raised her children there, quickly becoming a fixture in the Albuquerque community. When one of her children, Cody, became paralyzed from Transverse Myelitis, Shelley established the Cody Unser First Step Foundation to fund research, public awareness campaigns, and other assistance for people suffering from spinal cordrelated paralysis. One of the many ways the foundation helps people suffering from paralysis is by giving them access to scuba diving. A passionate diver herself, Shelley established Cody’s Great Scuba Adventure, which allows paralyzed individuals to go on diving excursions as a therapeutic tool. In addition to her work with the foundation, Shelley was also an active member of the IndyCar community, hosting segments for various television networks. She also volunteered extensively with the Championship Auto Racing Auxiliary, a philanthropic group associated with the racing circuit. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my sincere condolences to all of Shelley’s loved ones including her children, Al, Cody, Shannon, and Joey, as well as her brother, Scott. I hope they are comforted by cherished memories of Shelley and by the fact that so many in our community mourn her loss and celebrate her life with them. 
STEVEN CALOCA MOVES ON FROM THE UCLA LAKE ARROWHEAD CONFERENCE CENTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary contributions and impact of Steve Caloca, Director of the University of California, Los Angeles Lake Arrowhead Conference Center. After a decade of service at the center, Steve will resign his position to take on a new role as the Executive Director of Food Services and Events at Warner Brothers Entertainment. Since Steve joined the UCLA Conference Center in 2008, Steve has overseen numerous renovations, improvements, and expansions at the facility. He leaves behind a legacy of vision and leadership that resulted in the employment of hundreds of local mountain residents, and he was instrumental in providing higher education opportunities for students through alumni scholarships. Under his leadership, the conference center team hosted many executive level retreats, won numerous recognition awards from industry publications, and orchestrated the construction of the scenic Zen Deck. Steve delivered a firstclass experience to conference center guests while also building lasting relationships within the local community. Steve also served as the Chairman of the Board for the Lake Arrowhead Chamber of Commerce and was active with the local Rotary Club. His dedication to our local mountain community was unparalleled. However, I know that he will excel in his newest pursuit. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives, I thank him for his many years of service to the constituents of the 8th Congressional District of California. f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING ROY ABRAHAM ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE GUAM HOTEL AND TOURISM INDUSTRY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and thank Roy Abraham for his years of service and contributions to Guam’s tourism industry. Roy graduated from Madras Christian College in 1977 and began his career shortly after. Roy has worked in the hotel industry since 1978 as a management trainee with Marriott hotels in Kuwait. Roy opened four hotels for Marriott over the span of 35 years. He served in six countries with Marriot International, and was eventually brought to Guam. Most recently, Roy worked as the Director of Operations with the Guam Marriott Resort and Spa from 2010 to 2014, and then as General Director of Pacific Star Resort and Spa from 2014 to 2018. Roy has been a pillar of Guam’s tourism industry since coming to Guam in 2010. He has served the island as an active supporter of the Guam Visitors Bureau. Roy has contributed his wealth of knowledge of the tourism industry through fruitful discussion and direction on several marketing committees of the Guam Visitors Bureau. He was most recently the Vice Chairman for the Russia and Greater Markets committee. Roy has supported the Guam Visitors Bureau’s mission by participating in travel trade and consumer shows and key partnerships. He’s used his talents as a photographer to capture images of the island and promote Guam as a travel blogger. Roy gave his time freely as a trainer for the Pacific Asia Travel Association Micronesia Chapter. He provided training in hospitality and customer service to residents of Chuuk, Pohnpei, and Palau to improve the tourism offerings of the islands. Additionally, Roy has also supported those who have served our country by hosting World War II veterans and liberators of the island of Guam for the last three years. Roy has made countless positive contributions to the development and sustainability of Guam’s tourism industry. I join the people of Guam in thanking Roy for his outstanding service to the people of Guam. I extend a sincere gratitude (Si Yu’os 
Ma’a˚se’) and congratulate Roy on his retirement. I wish him the best in this new chapter of his life. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor JoAnn and Jack Powers of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 30, 1953 at St. Patrick’s Catholic Church in Ottumwa, Iowa. JoAnn and Jack’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the hundreds of staff and volunteers who have helped to create and sustain the Atwater Park Center (APC) in Los Angeles as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. In 1968, volunteers from a local church organized one of the first early childhood engagement programs in Los Angeles County with the goal of helping local families maximize their young children’s development by providing networking opportunities and support. From this endeavor, a secular, nonprofit organization, Atwater Park Center (APC) was established, renting classrooms in Atwater Baptist Church, to provide a variety of family services, which continues to this day. Now, 50 years later, the awardwinning APC has served thousands of children throughout the Los Angeles region, providing developmentally sensitive childcare and education. The center also offers home and educational services and support programs for families in both English and Spanish, making it accessible to a wide variety of people. It is also a training site for numerous colleges whose students major in nursing, occupational therapy, child development, and early childhood education, giving handson experience to students who want to dedicate their careers to enriching the lives of others. The staff and volunteers of the Atwater Park Center understand that nothing comes close to the relationship a child has with his or her parents but that group care with teachers and caregivers can add to a child’s development, helping them stay emotionally secure, confident, and involved in classroom activities. With this feeling of security, children are more likely to explore and make connections with others, and APC presents an atmosphere where children are encouraged to cooperatively live, work, and play. Play spurs communication, imagination, and the development of abstract thought, and children are encouraged to find the style of play that best suits them. The center recognizes the extent to which play is critical in a child’s development and focuses on equipping them with as many tools and resources as possible to pave the way to a successful life. I am honored to recognize the volunteers and staff of the Atwater Park Center for its remarkable achievements over the last five decades. I ask all Members to join me in congratulating the APC for their dedicated service to children and families in the greater Los Angeles area. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, some of my Tamil American constituents brought to my attention the passing of an extraordinary man: Muthuvel Karunanithi who was born June 3, 1924 and passed away August 7, 2018. Muthuvel Karunanithi became involved in social justice issues at age of 14, publishing a handwritten journal that has been published as a weekly ever since. He wrote regularly until he fell ill at the age of 92. Muthuvel Karunanithi was a poet, writer, publisher, orator, novelist, and literary critic in the Tamil language. His books sold millions of copies and his movie scripts shattered old boundaries of political possibility, articulating a new vision of human relationships. He ran for political office thirteen times and never lost over a seventy year period. He was chief minister of the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India five times. His career was marked by a lifelong commitment to breaking the barriers of the caste system, especially for the lowest caste people who handle human waste. Karunanithi led a successful effort for an affirmative action program for their admittance to medical schools and subsequent admission to the practice of medicine. He visited Chicago in 1972. Muthuvel Karunanithi was a man from the lowest rung of the social ladder who climbed the highest political mountains, but kept his lifestyle simple and his thoughts and actions fixed on the highest aspirations for all of his people. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exemplary work of Chief of Police Debra Walthall, who retired from the City of Corinth, Texas on August 21, 2018. Chief Walthall has spent her 35year professional career in law enforcement as a committed leader to each community she has served. Chief Walthall became the Chief of Police for the City of Corinth’s Police Department in 2008. During her tenure as leader of the Corinth Police Department, she facilitated open communication and enhanced transparency with the citizenry through the Citizen’s Police Academy, the Volunteer Policing Program, and the personal daily interaction of Corinth Officers within the community. Under her leadership, the department has been recognized for compliance with Texas Police Chief’s Best Law Enforcement Practices through the Texas Police Chief’s Association. Before coming to Corinth, Chief Walthall began her career in law enforcement as a Detention Officer in the Collin County Sheriff’s Department in 1978. She later joined the Allen Police Department to serve as a patrol officer, criminal investigator, narcotics investigator, field training officer, and SWAT member, rising through the ranks to Deputy Chief. Chief Walthall graduated from the Regional Police Academy in Arlington, Texas in 1986, and holds a Master Police Officer Certification from the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement Officer Standards. She also holds a Bachelor of Science degree in the Administration of Criminal Justice, and is a 2002 graduate of the FBI National Academy—Session 211, the Bill Blackwood Law Enforcement Management Institute, and the Institute for Law Enforcement Administration. I am deeply grateful for Chief Walthall’s dedicated public service and significant contributions to the City of Corinth and North Texas, and wish her the best in her retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and accomplishments of Mr. Frederick Quinene. Fred is a longtime friend who has spent his life serving our community, working for the government of Guam in different capacities and as a school teacher. Fred is most known on island for his poetry. Fred was named the Poet Laureate of Guam by my late husband, Governor Ricky Bordallo in 1986 by Executive Order No. 86–14. Fred was recognized for his ability to write beautiful, lyrical pieces that truly celebrated Guam’s unique and rich cultural heritage. Fred was to be called upon to use his talents of writing whenever necessary. Fred has been writing poetry since he was a young boy, and most recently published the book, ‘‘An Islander’s Voice.’’ His newest book is a compilation of poems about love and family, his home, politics, legends, the Chamorro people, and special occasions. Fred worked closely with the University of Guam Press to publish this compilation of his poetry as his gift to the island. I join the people of Guam in recognizing the life and countless accomplishments of Frederick Quinene. I commend Fred for his gift to 
our island and recognize his wife, Cecilia Ungacta Quinene, their children and grandchildren for their support of Fred’s art. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Sharon and Tom Judkins of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 20, 1968 at St. Patrick Catholic Church in Council Bluffs. Sharon and Tom’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 50th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Terri Holland, who passed away earlier this year at the age of 70. Terri was a tireless advocate for fairness and justice who became a cherished friend and ally for many New Mexico public officials, including myself, over the years. Born in Middletown, New York, Terri made New Mexico her adopted home and quickly became a force in the state. For over a decade, she oversaw operations at The Target Group and made sure that all facets of the business ran smoothly. When her boss at Target, Diane Denish, decided to seek public office, she was right by her side and went on to serve in a number of prominent roles including Director of Party Affairs at the Democratic Party of New Mexico and Executive Director of the Democratic Party of Bernalillo County. Terri also served our state as Deputy Director of the New Mexico State Personnel Office and Special Assistant at the Bernalillo County Assessor’s Office. When I decided to run for Congress in 2012, Terri was one of my most trusted advisors. She displayed fierce loyalty, a strong moral compass, and the courage to always stand up for what she believed in. These values were especially visible in her work assisting people dealing with bankruptcy and other financial difficulties. Terri believed that people shouldn’t be denied fairness and dignity just because they are poor. Indeed, it was her passionate defense of the less fortunate that made her such an effective advocate. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my sincere condolences to all of Terri’s loved ones including her son, Ben; her brother Joe and his wife, Rosie; her nephew, Sean; and her dear friend of many years, Richard Cooley. I hope they are comforted by cherished memories of Terri and by the fact that so many in our community mourn her loss and celebrate her life with them. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Aberra Molla on his achievements in computerizing the Ethiopic or Ga’ez alphabet. Dr. Aberra Molla is a scientist, inventor, and pioneer in the computerization of the Ethiopic alphabet. Dr. Molla invented a method for Ethiopians to render their language, which contains more than 564 Unicode glyphs, accurately on a computer, using, at most, two keystrokes per character. He now owns two U.S. patents for his invention of this unique system. I am grateful for Dr. Aberra Molla’s contribution to the Ethiopian people in Ethiopia, in Colorado, and throughout the rest of the world. His hard work and ingenuity has enabled Ethiopians to use their language and alphabets effectively and efficiently on the standard size keyboards that are synonymous with today’s technology. Additionally, I would like to thank Dr. Molla for making his invention available to the general public to use free of charge, improving the everyday lives of all Ethiopians. I have the honor of representing the largest Ethiopian community living in Colorado in my Congressional District and deeply appreciate the value of Dr. Molla’s invention to them. Further, it has been my pleasure to get to know Dr. Molla through the years and I am pleased to have this opportunity to recognize him on the House floor here today. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 24, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Lila and Delbert Mauderly of Villisca, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They were married on July 25, 1953. Lila and Delbert’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anniversary, I hope it is filled with happy memories. May their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4 p.m., on Monday, August 27, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 6676–6681; were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2319, to protect the investment choices of investors in the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–903); H.R. 5756, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to adjust certain resubmission thresholds for shareholder proposals (H. Rept. 115–904); H.R. 6332, to require the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to submit a report to Congress on the way in which data collected pursuant to title 31 is being used, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–905); and Supplemental Report on H. Res. 928, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the President’s use of the pardon power under article II, section 2 of the Constitution (H. Rept. 115–797, Part 2).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mooney (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, TX.
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Representative Hunter wherein he resigned from the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.             Page H7761 
Library of Congress Trust Fund Board—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a 5year term: Ms. Elizabeth BerettaPerik of Jamestown, Rhode Island.
Senate Referrals: S. 266 was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. S. 1142 was held at the desk. S. 1322 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. S. 2946 was held at the desk. 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H7761–62. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:07 a.m. 
No hearings were held. Joint Meetings No joint committee meetings were held. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, August 27 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Lynn A. Johnson, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE 12 noon, Tuesday, August 28 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1175 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1175, E1176 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1174, E1176 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1177 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1175 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1176 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1171 Kelly, Robin L., Ill., E1172 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1172, E1175, E1177 McEachin, A. Donald, Va., E1171 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E1171 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E1171 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1176 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1172, E1174 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E1174 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1174 Young, David, Iowa, E1171, E1172, E1172, E1173, E1174, E1175, E1176, E1177, E1177 