Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and the memory of an extraordinary individual from Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Carl Wallnau of Newtown passed away on June 29 at the age of 99. A man of many talents, Carl paid for his education by playing trumpet in a jazz ensemble. He later served in World War II under General Patton, retiring from the Air Force with the rank of major in 1979. After his service, Carl began a successful career as a lawyer and as an engineer, eventually becoming acting CEO of Swan Oil Company. Despite his success, Carl always made time to give back to our community, serving on many charitable boards, including those of the Bucks County Industrial Development Corporation, the Bucks County Chamber of Commerce, the Delaware Valley Philharmonic, the Red Cross, and the United Way of Bucks County. Mr. Speaker, we send our condolences to Carl’s children, Carl, Lance, Kurt, and Joyce, along with the rest of his family. We thank them for sharing him with our community. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Northampton Patriots Flag Program, a longstanding tradition of Northampton Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. The Northampton Patriots Flag Program, established in 2003, honors Northampton residents who have served in the Armed Forces, recognizing their deployment and their return home to Bucks County. While these heroes are serving, a flag signifying their military branch is hung within the administration building of Northampton Township. Upon their return, it is replaced with an American flag. This program recently recognized Austin Fizel, a Southampton resident who currently serves in the Air Force and who is stationed in the United Arab Emirates. We would like to extend our gratitude to Austin for his service and would like to recognize his 
parents, George and Marie, along with his siblings, Derek, Kyle, and Meredith, who all attended the ceremony. I would also like to thank a local hero who helps run the Northampton Patriots Flag Program, Pete Palestina, along with Northampton Township Chairman Barry Moore, for their work in recognizing our community’s bravest citizens. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize three of the newest additions to the Lansdale Police Department in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, who will serve as fulltime patrol officers. James McVeigh, who studied at Upper Perkiomen High School and Lock Haven University, graduated from the Montgomery County Police Academy in 2008. Before joining the Lansdale force, Officer McVeigh served with the Upper Perkiomen Police Department for 10 years and is now joining Lansdale. Christian Gregory is a graduate of my alma mater, LaSalle University, and the Philadelphia Police Academy. Before joining the Lansdale force, Officer Gregory served with the SEPTA Transit Police Department. Corey Pfister is a graduate of the Souderton Area High School, Gwynedd Mercy University, and the Montgomery County Police Academy. Before joining the Lansdale force, Officer Pfister served with the Pottstown Borough Police Department. Mr. Speaker, I commend these officers for their bravery and their service to our community, and we wish them well in this new chapter of their careers. I would also like to recognize Police Chief Mike Trail for leading such a fine group of law enforcement professionals in our community. 
RUSSIAN COLLUSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, it was almost exactly 2 years ago, as Donald Trump closed in on the Republican nomination, that the Russians began weaponizing stolen emails it had acquired some time earlier. This disclosure of stolen emails was only one vector of the Russian active measures campaign. At the same time, the Russians were engaged in a surreptitious social media campaign and a very overt use of their paid media platforms, like Sputnik and Russia Today, to influence the American electorate. What was this about? Was this new and unprecedented intervention in our affairs merely about choosing one candidate over another in the American Presidential system? Or was there something broader within the Russian aims? b1015 It is certainly true that the Russians had a preferred candidate in Donald Trump. Candidate Trump had talked disparagingly about NATO. He had talked about doing away with sanctions on Russia over its invasion of its neighbor. He had talked about making common cause with Russia in Syria, where our interests are not at all aligned. And most significant, he had talked about doing away with the penalties we had imposed for Russia’s invasion of its neighbor, something we never thought would take place in the last century, the remaking of the map of Europe by dint of military force. That is something we thought we would never see in this century. It is certainly true they had a preferred candidate in Donald Trump, for all those reasons. It is also true that they had a deep antipathy towards Hillary Clinton, someone who, when people gathered in massive numbers in Russia to protest fraudulent elections in 2011, spoke out on behalf of people’s right to protest and assemble, something that the Kremlin felt was a direct threat to the regime. But far more fundamental was the Russian object of sowing discord in the United States, of pitting one American against another, of playing along the fault lines in our society, of weakening the very fabric of our democracy. It is very important to recognize that what the Russians did here, they did not do alone in the United States. Yes, it was new and unprecedented for us, but what the Russians did here, they have been doing for years elsewhere in Europe and around the world. It is an attack not only on our democracy, but on the very idea of liberal democracy. This attack takes place at a time in our lives where, when you look around the world, you must conclude objectively that the autocrats are on the rise in places like Poland and in Hungary and the rise of the far right parties in Germany, Austria, and France, with Erdogan in Turkey—Turkey is the now the leading jailer of journalists in the world—and in the Philippines with Duterte. It cannot be said that an iron curtain is descending, but there is a rising tide of authoritarianism that threatens to submerge some of the great capitals around the globe. For those of us who had lived in the postWorld War II generation, I think we were always under the assumption that our freedoms around the world were everincreasing, that it was some immutable law of nature, that our freedom to express ourselves, to practice our faith, to associate with whom we would, was ever increasing. To paraphrase Martin Luther King, the moral arc of the universe may be long, but it bends toward justice, only to find that today, it does not bend towards justice. As much as the idea of America as the indispensable Nation has been given a bad name, we truly are indispensable. All around the world people look to us: people in prison who gathered in Tahrir Square wanting a better government; people in the Philippines, the victims of a campaign of mass extrajudicial killing; people in prison in Turkey for journalism. People all over the world look to us. They are not going to look to Russia; they are not going to look to China; they are not going to look to Europe, with all of its problems; and increasingly they do not recognize what they see. They look to our White House and they do not recognize what they see. They see a President more comfortable with autocrats and dictators than they do with Democrats and democracy. This is a terrible tragedy for us. It is a bigger tragedy for the rest of the world. In 1938, Winston Churchill published a series of speeches he gave on the rise of Nazism. In America, the book was titled, ‘‘While England Slept.’’ America is not sleeping, but one of its great parties is. As John Boehner said recently, the Republican Party is off taking a nap somewhere. Wake up. Freedomloving people all around the world are looking to us. Wake up. Our democracy is at risk at home, and the very idea of liberal democracy is at risk around the world. Wake up. f 
COMMEMORATING VICTIMS OF 1994 TERRORIST ATTACK AGAINST JEWISH COMMUNITY IN ARGENTINA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, next Wednesday, July 18, marks 24 years since the horrific terrorist attack on the AMIA Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, Argentina. This attack, carried out by the Iranianbacked terror group Hezbollah, left 85 innocent people dead and many more wounded. It shook the entire Jewish community in Argentina, and all across South America, who were targeted by Hezbollah just 2 years earlier with a deadly attack at the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires, which left 29 dead and 250 wounded. The AMIA bombing remains the deadliest terror attack in Argentina’s history, yet its perpetrators and those responsible for the Embassy bombing have yet to be brought to justice. But that has not been for lack of trying. In fact, Special Prosecutor Alberto Nisman had dedicated his life to identifying those responsible and to bringing them to justice. Indeed, my friend Alberto ultimately gave his life in this pursuit, having been assassinated just hours before he was to present his complaint to a court implicating thenPresident Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and other high ranking Argentine officials for covering up Iran’s role in the bombings. In 2015, President Macri of Argentina made the brave decision to assign a special prosecutor to investigate and uncover the truth surrounding 
Nisman’s death, which, under the Kirchner government, was ruled a suicide. But we knew the truth all along, and ultimately the official report released in 2017 confirmed that Nisman was, in fact, murdered, no doubt by those close to Iran and Hezbollah, or those implicated in Alberto’s investigation. Mr. Speaker, this is just the first step in vindicating the work for which he was murdered. But we still have a very long way to go to bring Alberto Nisman justice and see the culmination of his work, which is to hold Hezbollah accountable for these brutal terror attacks against the Jewish community in Argentina. Last year, I, along with Chairman ROYCE , Ranking Member E NGEL , and Congressmen TEDDEUTCH , JEFF DUNCAN, and A LBIO SIRES, introduced H. Res. 201, which expressed support for the government of Argentina for its investigation of the AMIA bombing in 1994 and the bombing of the Israeli Embassy in 1992. The resolution also calls on our government to assist Argentina in ensuring all those responsible for these heinous acts are held accountable. I would urge the Argentine authorities to do everything within their power to bring all responsible parties to justice and to bring at least some form of closure to the families of over 100 killed by Hezbollah in Argentina. Argentina owes them that much. And we all owe them a chance to see Iran and Hezbollah held accountable for their horrific acts of terror. Though the AMIA bombing was 24 years ago, and the embassy bombing 26 years ago, the Jewish communities still feel the pain, and because Hezbollah is allowed to go unchecked in many places around the globe, they know that another attack may be possible anywhere in the world. To commemorate the AMIA bombing, and in remembrance of the lives brutally taken, the American Jewish community’s Belfer Institute for Latino and Latin American Affairs will be co hosting a memorial and candle lighting ceremony with the Skylake Synagogue in North Miami Beach. The south Florida Jewish community holds this event annually to not only commemorate the victims of this attack, but to bring attention to the threat that is Iran and Hezbollah, as well as the hostility and the discrimination that Jews around the world are still facing and the rising tide of antiSemitism. Mr. Speaker, as the 24th anniversary of the AMIA bombing nears, let us remember the lives lost and continue working so that these acts do not happen again, and let us work to ensure that Iran and Hezbollah may never be able to carry out such terrible acts again. Thank you to the south Florida community members for putting together this event and for their work to help bring justice to the families of the lives lost. MOMENT OF TRUTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, finally, Scott Pruitt is gone. After months of scandal, 19 separate investigations, countless ethical failures, abuses of his official office at taxpayer expense, finally, this corrupt, swamp creature who has been heading our Environmental Protection Agency announced his resignation last week. As welcome as this news is for many of us, let’s be clear: Scott Pruitt was far from the only creature in the toxic Trump swamp. Another great example is our Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, who profited from short sales in a Russian linked navigation company. He made those short sales only after learning that journalists with The New York Times were about to expose his conflicts of interest. And apparently, while serving as our Commerce Secretary, Ross was also partial owner of a Chinese company and a Cypriot bank that is a part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation. These are scandals that, in any other previous time, would bring down a Cabinet Secretary, but in this swamp climate of the Trump administration, it is just another news cycle and is soon supplanted by the next outrage and the next scandal. Let’s also not forget our Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Zinke, who faces many of his own scandals. Our Secretary of the Interior, of course, oversees oil and gas development on public lands. In this case, the Secretary stands to personally benefit from a land deal with the chairman of Halliburton, a company that has literally billions of dollars of business on the line when Secretary Zinke makes decisions about where, and how, oil drilling will be permitted in this country. That is just the tip of the iceberg with this administration. It is time for this Republican Congress to wake up and take these issues seriously. Conduct some real oversight and put a stop to this culture of corruption in the Trump administration. 
EXPRESSING APPRECIATION FOR WILDLAND FIREFIGHTERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to show my appreciation for the wildland firefighters who are working to protect communities and, most importantly, lives throughout Utah. Many of these firefighters are the same men and women who risk their lives to protect our homes and businesses every day in our towns and communities across Utah. This fire season has been one of the worst in recent memory, including six active fires that have consumed over 85,000 acres of land. The Dollar Ridge Fire, located in Duchesne and Wasatch Counties, has consumed over 50,000 acres alone. I drove by this fire last week and saw the devastation firsthand, unable to fully imagine the heartbreak families experience as they watch the fire approach their homes and their livelihoods. While combating these dangerous situations, wildland firefighters put themselves in harm’s way to keep others safe. They work in extreme heat and unpleasant conditions to protect our communities. I will continue to support strong funding for the fire suppressionrelated activities that these firefighters rely on. Today, it is important that they receive the recognition that they undoubtedly deserve. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking the wildland firefighters of Utah for their continued bravery in keeping Utahns safe. HELPING SMALL BUSINESSES  
Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, today, I am pleased to introduce the Small Business Access to Capital and Efficiency Act, also known as Small Business ACE Act. As a member of the Small Business Committee and a former small business owner myself, I am proud to introduce a bill that will help reduce burdensome and conflicting regulations that are keeping small businesses from growth and access to capital. The Small Business Administration’s 504 loan program helps small business owners grow their company and stimulate job creation, at no expense to taxpayers. Many favorite businesses like Magleby’s Restaurant, Market Street Grill, Chobani Yogurt, FatBoys Ice Cream, and so many more, have expanded operations and hired new employees because of the SBA loan program. I love hearing the success stories of businesses like Premier Building Supply located in Lindon, Utah, a company that started in a garage back in 2009. Since then, Premier has quickly become a leader in supplying the Utah building industry and, with the help of an SBA 504 loan, has now grown into a 50,000square foot facility with 150 employees. This is just one example of the many small businesses in Utah that have great potential for tremendous success if they have access to capital. However, as we see far too often, the Federal Government has maintained burdensome and conflicting regulations that weigh down the 504 program with uncertainty, and ultimately hurt the very businesses it was meant to help. b1030 The Small Business ACE Act will eliminate and harmonize conflicting Federal regulations burdening the program to ensure small businesses more efficiently have access to capital without costing the taxpayer a single dollar. 
I am grateful to have the support of Chairman CHABOT and stakeholders like NADCO, Mountain West Small Business Finance, and Utah CDC, who know better than anyone just how critical the 504 program is. I am squarely on the side of helping small businesses and am committed to keeping the Federal Government from getting in the way of their success. I believe the Small Business ACE Act is a great step in the right direction, and I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. 
HATE CRIMES INCREASE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, in my community and in communities across this Nation, we have seen in the past year a dramatic increase in hate crimes and attacks against immigrants and, generally, against people of color. In New York City, we saw how a lawyer named Aaron Schlossberg launched a racial verbal attack against workers at the Fresh Kitchen restaurant in Midtown Manhattan simply because they spoke Spanish. Think about that for a minute, Mr. Speaker. This was in New York City, a city that prides itself on being a city of immigrants, a city which touts the presence of Lady Liberty herself on the harbor. Still, this lawyer felt compelled—without any hesitation, shame, or guilt—to confront workers at the Fresh Kitchen restaurant, verbally assaulting them simply because they spoke Spanish. Yet we keep seeing more and more examples of aggressors and harassers launching vicious attacks and directing hate speech toward those whom they wrongfully perceive to be un American. In another recent incident, Rodolfo Rodriguez, a senior citizen, 91 years old, was brutally attacked for his ethnic background. He is of Mexican descent. He was told to go back to his country before being brutally assaulted with a brick. In another recent incident at the Caldwell Woods Forest Preserve, Ms. Mia Irizarry was another victim of verbal harassment, abuse, and physical intimidation in an almost unthinkable 20minute racial rant. Her harasser caught sight of Ms. Irizarry’s shirt, patterned with a Puerto Rican flag such as this one, and proceeded to verbally assault her simply for the sighting of a proud American wearing a flag that represents 3.5 million American citizens on the island of Puerto Rico and several million more here in the United States. The perpetrator said: If you are an American citizen, you should not be wearing that shirt in America. Let me remind him that Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens, that they have a long and distinguished tradition of defending freedom and democracy for our Nation across the world. They have spilled the blood of thousands in support of America and democracy. Each of these instances and situations come on the heels of a 2017 California report, the first published since President Trump took office, indicating a 17 percent increase in hate crimes. Specifically, antiLatino, anti Hispanic hate crimes have soared, with increases of more than 50 percent last year. Mr. Speaker, according to a Quinnipiac poll, 58 percent of Americans disapprove of the way Donald Trump is handling immigration, and 55 percent of Americans say that the President has made it easier for racists to share their views publicly. Like Attorney Schlossberg in New York City, like Jones in Los Angeles and Timothy Trybus in Illinois, we find aggressors and perpetrators who do not represent our values as a nation of immigrants. The problem we have is that these individuals have seen our leaders in elected office participate in hateful and intolerant acts with hateful and intolerant words. Whether in New York City, Los Angeles, or Cook County, we have seen naked racism and blatant bigotry. To these bigots I say this: (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) The United States is for all of us—regardless of the color of our skin or the language we speak. Los Estados Unidos es para todos— independientemente del color de la piel o el idioma hablado. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York will provide the Clerk a translation of his remarks. 
U.S. ATTACK ON BREASTFEEDING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, sometimes it is just hard to keep track of the daily outrages: the President is not just insulting, but attacking allies like Canada on national security grounds; a tariff war; reckless and inaccurate attacks on NATO and our allies, the bedrock of stability in Europe; the President of the United States cozies up to one of the worst people on the face of the planet. Kim Jongun, the dictator of North Korea, has imprisoned over 100,000 of his people in concentration camps, starved millions more, murdered members of his own family and is held up as some sort of exemplar by Trump. Trump says he likes the way his people pay attention to him. Well, maybe because if they don’t, they get killed or sentenced to a concentration camp. This notion that we are forcibly separating children from families at the border, where the family simply is looking for asylum, inflicting probably permanent damage on these children; and, of course, the countless environmental attacks and the activities of corrupt cronies who have been put in positions of authority. Last week we witnessed one of the most despicable acts of this disturbing administration: The United States launched a global attack on breastfeeding—yes, breastfeeding. Think about it for a moment. Mother’s milk is the most nutritious way to feed a baby. It contains antibodies that provide it with health protections as a baby and throughout its life. There was an innocuous resolution that was being advanced before one of the United Nations affiliates, the World Health Assembly, to promote breastfeeding. This is a serious problem in developing countries. Global giants that sell baby formula have been touting this as a healthier, more convenient alternative. Recent studies show that less than 40 percent of poor women in developing countries are breastfeeding. The use of infant formula in these poor countries not only is inferior, not only does it lack the longterm health benefits, and is it not a cheaper alternative for lowincome people. Actually, in many of these countries, mixing formula with dirty water poses a direct threat immediately to the health of the child. Ecuador, a member of this assembly, was prepared to introduce a routine resolution promoting breastfeeding. Then this administration sprang into action, pressuring Ecuador—allegedly, with retaliation in the trade sector—to not offer the resolution. Ultimately, the bullying was successful; the resolution was not advanced by Ecuador. Although, irony of ironies, it was Russia that stepped up and moved forward with the resolution, which was ultimately adopted with minor changes. What does it say about America and this administration that it would be doing the bidding of giant international corporations, promoting a practice that actually undermines health in many poor people? Just having a resolution promoting the benefits of breastfeeding was threatening to their business and to this administration. We have seen a lot of disturbing and shameful acts since Trump became President, but it is hard to imagine something worse than what was on display last week. It is time for my Republican colleagues to join us, expressing outrage about behaviors like this. We are better people, and we ought to demonstrate it. 
NATIONAL DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call upon my colleagues to join me in addressing our Nation’s rising debt. As of this week, our national debt is 
over $21 trillion, with a T. When we allocate that to each man, woman, and child, it is $64,600—Mr. Speaker, $64,600 for every man, woman, and child. We are this far in debt because of irresponsible governing and a lack of political courage, regardless of which party has been in control in recent years. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released its longterm budget outlook last month. It showed that the Federal debt held by the public will approach 100 percent of our gross domestic product within the next 10 years if we keep heading down this path. Sadly, this Congress has chosen to continue this irresponsible, unsustainable fiscal course. It is irresponsible. The tax cut legislation that our Republican colleagues rammed through Congress last December is projected to add over $1.45 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years and $2.2 trillion to our national debt. Some estimate that it will even be more. This is unsustainable. That is an additional $2.2 trillion that our children will have to pay unless we do something different. We cannot ask future generations to carry the weight of our shortsighted decisions and political cowardice. Not only is it unfair, but it is just plain wrong. Yes, reining in our spending will be hard. It is always hard and difficult to make choices. We will get attacked by other political organizations and interest groups who dislike or disagree with our choices, but that is why we are here. This happened in 2012, when the House had the opportunity to address the rising debt and deficit and supported a budget resolution by my colleague and good friend Congressman JIMCOOPER from Tennessee. The resolution was similar to the recommendations made by the bipartisan Simpson Bowles Commission, and it would have reduced our debt by over $4 trillion over 10 years. It would just start to bend the curve. I stood with Congressman COOPER and 36 other House Members who supported the resolution, and a lot of groups attacked us. President Kennedy, many years ago, wrote a book called ‘‘Profiles in Courage,’’ in which he wrote of individual Members of Congress who made politically tough choices. Unfortunately, there are not a lot of those political profiles in courage in Congress these days, sadly. We were sent here to serve the American people, even when faced with difficult choices. We are not sent here to do the easy thing. We are sent here to try to do the right thing and to come together in a bipartisan fashion. That is the only way you are going to get these things done. We must find the political courage to make the tough choices and create smart and fiscally responsible policies that will have real and lasting effects in reducing our national debt. This will require, again, that Democrats and Republicans work together, which is, in itself, sadly, too often in rare supply these days. But if we don’t put our partisan bickering and electoral fears aside long enough to do what is right for America, then when will we? If we don’t make decisions now to get the Nation’s fiscal House in order, the programs on which Americans rely— important programs that most of us support like Social Security, like Medicare—will be impacted. Mr. Speaker, on this day in 1974, the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act became law. Forty four years ago, the 93rd Congress came together to pass this law to strengthen our budget authority and to increase the capacity to make informed and independent decisions regarding America’s budget to, in essence, put our fiscal house in order. I stand here today, 44 years later, calling on the 115th Congress to use that information and capacity that we now have to make these difficult choices and have the political courage to put our Nation’s fiscal house back on a responsible path. It is what our country needs; it is part of America’s future; and, my fellow Americans, it is the right thing to do. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend J. Josh Smith, Prince Avenue Baptist Church, Bogart, Georgia, offered the following prayer: Dear Father, We pray this morning the words of Psalm 67: ‘‘God be gracious to us and bless us and cause Your face to shine upon us that Your way may be known on the Earth, Your salvation among all nations.’’ Father, we humbly acknowledge today how much we need You, how we depend on You for everything. We acknowledge in desperation how much we need Your grace, wisdom, favor, and blessing. And although You have already blessed us beyond measure, we unashamedly ask You for more of Your blessing, not for our benefit alone, but that through us and through every decision that is made in this place, all people and all nations might come to know Your love, grace, kindness, mercy, and salvation. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ, who died so that those who trust and follow Him might live forever. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. GIANFORTE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND J. JOSH SMITH The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Reverend Josh Smith as our guest chaplain here at the U.S. House of Representatives, and I greatly appreciate his leading us in prayer this morning. He has been serving in ministry for nearly 20 years. Josh has faithfully dedicated his life to the Gospel and currently serves as senior pastor of my home church, Prince Avenue Baptist Church in the Athens, Georgia, area. In addition to earning a bachelor’s degree in crosscultural studies, a master of divinity, and a doctorate of ministry in expository preaching, he has worked to spread God’s Word on both a national and international level. As a pastor myself, it gives me absolute pleasure to recognize Josh for his spiritual leadership and guidance. I also welcome, today, his wife, Andrea, to the people’s House; and we send our best wishes to their five children, Lily, Gracie, Josie, Annalee, and Josiah, back home in Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would ask everyone to join me in thanking Pastor Smith for leading us today and opening this session in prayer. It is my deep privilege to not only be a member of his church, but also be a colaborer with him for the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I am grateful for his outstanding spiritual leadership to the Athens community and the world abroad. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to introduce the AMBER Alert Nationwide Act. I thank my colleagues from the other U.S. territories for their support as original cosponsors. In 2003, Congress passed the PROTECT Act, establishing the national AMBER Alert system to mobilize the American public in cases of missing, abducted, and exploited children. However, this 2003 law did not provide for all of the U.S. territories to implement the AMBER Alert system. Guam, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands are still not integrated into the national system. Our AMBER Alert Nationwide Act would fix this by integrating Guam and all U.S. territories into the next AMBER Alert system and providing needed Federal support for local law enforcement. This bipartisan bill would also optimize the system for the territories by authorizing Federal funding for AMBER Alerts in major transportation hubs such as airports, maritime ports, customs checkpoints, and other ports of exits. A truly nationwide AMBER Alert system must protect our missing, abducted, or exploited children in the U.S. territories. I urge our House colleagues to join us in cosponsoring this bill. f 
HONORING THE WARREN ZONTA CLUB ON 90 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Zonta Club of Warren, Pennsylvania, as it celebrates 90 years of empowering women through service and advocacy. Zonta International marks 100 years on the world stage this year, and the Zonta Club of Warren was one of the first clubs to be incorporated. The international service organization was founded in Buffalo, New York, with the mission of advancing the status of women. The Warren Zonta Club has worked to improve the lives of women locally, nationally, and worldwide. Warren Zonta has worked with various community organizations throughout its 90 year history, and at its core, the club has worked to make Warren County a better place to live and work. The club spearheaded the local March of Dimes campaign for many years and worked with the Girl Scouts, the Salvation Army, and Warren General Hospital. The word Zonta means honest and trustworthy and is derived from the language of the Native American Sioux. Mr. Speaker, I wish the Warren Zonta Club the best as it marks 90 years of service, and I thank them for all of their contributions to Warren County. 
CONGRATULATING JUDGE CINDY LEDERMAN ON HER RETIREMENT (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend, the Honorable Judge Cindy Lederman, upon her retirement from the Miami Dade juvenile court. Upon starting her work in a juvenile court in 1994, Judge Lederman quickly discovered a child welfare system in turmoil. She witnessed the voices of the children coming in and out of the court being lost in the maelstrom of domestic violence and endless custody hearings. Cindy campaigned to tie the science behind child psychology to the law, making it her mission to transform the system into one that focuses on the wellbeing of the children. In her career, Judge Lederman has tirelessly and gracefully presided over some of the most important cases of our State, including striking down the State’s discriminatory gay adoption ban. Mr. Speaker, Cindy has my appreciation for her transformative impact on the MiamiDade children’s court. Her retirement marks the end of an era, and she leaves an impressive legacy. I truly wish Judge Cindy Lederman all the best in the next chapter of her life. f 
HONORING MELVIN FRANCIS FISHER (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today sadly but, also, in honor of the passing of a dear friend from Shasta County, Mel Fisher. Melvin Francis Fisher was born in Detroit, Michigan. I first came to know Mel and his lovely wife, Kathy—what a character this couple was—during the first time I went to a Pearl Harbor survivors event in Shasta County in about 2002. Mel joined the Navy in 1940 to follow in the footsteps of his father, who was a fighter pilot in World War I. He couldn’t have known what the journey was going to take him to; so, indeed, when he was in Pearl Harbor aboard the USS Whitney, that was where they were attacked by the Japanese. His ship was responsible for shooting down two Japanese planes that day. Mel later went on to serve on the USS Indiana, participating in military engagements in Iwo Jima, Guadalcanal, Okinawa, and more. In 2010, my family and I had the privilege of accompanying Mel, Kathy, and their family to the 69th anniversary commemoration of the Pearl Harbor attack. Indeed, that is something I will always treasure. His military service was very distinguished, but his family remembers someone who gave back to his community in service. He loved to fish on and around Lake Shasta. He peacefully passed away on Father’s Day, surrounded by his loving family. He will be greatly missed. It was an honor for me to know such a man as Mel Fisher, who served his family faithfully and his community with love and is loved by so many. God bless you, Mel. 
URGING CONFIRMATION OF JUDGE BRETT M. KAVANAUGH TO THE U.S. SUPREME COURT (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the Senate to confirm Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. President Trump considered many wellqualified judges and legal scholars for the High Court, and he selected the best of the best. 
Judge Kavanaugh has outstanding academic credentials and an impressive professional record, including clerking for Justice Kennedy and serving on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia since 2006. Judge Kavanaugh is a constitutional conservative who will interpret our Nation’s laws as our Founders intended and not make laws from the bench. Judge Kavanaugh offers a sound approach to issues important to Montana. Judge Kavanaugh has defended private property rights from governmental interference, protected landowners from outrageous regulations, and rejected Federal overreach, including from the previous administration’s overzealous EPA. Mr. Speaker, Judge Kavanaugh enjoyed bipartisan support when the Senate confirmed him 12 years ago. I urge the Senate to avoid political games, sideshows, and stunts and confirm Judge Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. 
AMERICANS SUPPORT TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION POLICIES (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when it comes to immigration policies, a recent poll shows that the American people are far closer to President Trump than to the liberal media. The results of a HarvardHarris poll by Mark Penn, a former Hillary Clinton strategist, came up with surprising results, considering what we have heard from the media. When asked, ‘‘Do you think that people who make it across the border illegally should be allowed to stay in the country or sent home?’’ 64 percent said they should be sent home. When asked, ‘‘Do you think we need stricter or looser enforcement of our immigration laws?’’ 70 percent said stricter; 60 percent support building a combination of a physical and electronic barrier across the U.S.Mexico border. When asked about sanctuary cities, 84 percent of respondents said that cities should be required to notify immigration authorities about taking custody of deportable immigrants, and 69 percent said the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency should not be abolished. The administration’s immigration policies do reflect Americans’ views. 
b1215 RECOGNIZING DANISH KHAN AND STEPHEN LOWE (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Danish Khan and Stephen Lowe from Blue Valley Southwest High School, who became the first Kansas team to win the National Speech and Debate Association’s national tournament. Their tireless work over the past year paved the way for them to win this 5day tournament, which is the largest academic competition in the world. Danish and Stephen debated government funding and regulation of education, a few topics that we continue to debate here in Congress. In high school, I, too, was on the debate team and went to State. Although I never won a tournament quite this size, I still use what I learned there today while debating important issues before Congress. Danish and Stephen’s amazing accomplishment speaks volumes about their talents, as well as our amazing schools in the Third District of Kansas and the teachers they have, including their debate coach, Jared Zuckerman. Mr. Speaker, these students are our future leaders, and we can expect great things. Good luck to Danish and Stephen as they continue their debate careers in college. I look forward to seeing what other amazing accomplishments Third District students of Kansas will make as well. f 
NATIONAL DAY OF CIVILITY (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the second annual National Day of Civility. This day, July 12, was chosen to mark a verse in Matthew’s Gospel, chapter 7, verse 12: ‘‘So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you.’’ This, of course, is known as the Golden Rule. In fact, it was one of my mother’s favorite Bible verses. She had her hands full, I am sure, raising 12 kids—I was number 10—and this was her favorite Bible verse that she would quote to us, the idea that everyone deserves your respect. Each one of us in this Chamber has the opportunity to live this rule, as do our constituents. We are privileged to live in the United States of America, the greatest country in the history of the world, due in large part to our system of government. It is really an experiment. It is a system of government designed to encourage debate, respect, and resolve differences and rely on citizen input. Today, there is an alarming decline in our public discourse. People can’t even seem to talk to each other, can’t come to the table, and can’t hear each other out. We urgently need to reverse this trend. At the beginning of last year, members of the freshman class drafted and signed a commitment to civility, laying out our effort to make the government work more efficiently and effectively, help build consensus and restore public trust, and serve as a positive influence on society at large. On this National Day of Civility, let’s renew our commitment to civility. Congress may not be able to change the state of public discourse, but we certainly can and should serve as an example to the American people. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6237, MATTHEW YOUNG POLLARD INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018 AND 2019 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 989 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on House Resolution 989, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 6237, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscals Years 2018 and 2019. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule makes in order 12 amendments from Members on both sides of the aisle. Yesterday, the Rules Committee heard testimony from numerous Members, including Intelligence Committee Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member SCHIFF , as well as Mr. L OBIONDO from New Jersey and Ms. JACKSON LEEfrom Texas. In addition to the vigorous debate on this legislation before the Rules Committee, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence held a markup of this legislation on June 27, 2018, where the committee voted unanimously to report the bill to the House floor for consideration. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF for their important work on this legislation, and I commend them for the strong demonstration of bipartisanship in moving it forward. The Intelligence Reauthorization Act is among the most important pieces of legislation we consider in this Chamber. It provides the intelligence community, a community that spans 17 different agencies, with the resources it needs to protect our great country. Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member SCHIFF approached the task of writing this bill constructively and with a clear understanding of its importance, and their work is evident in the support for this bill we have already seen displayed at the Intelligence Committee markup. As a result of Mr. NUNES ’ and Mr. SCHIFF ’s work, and of the Intelligence Committee, the legislation provided for by this rule will not only reauthorize programs crucial to the intelligence community, but it will also make a number of critical improvements to the law in support of that community and our national security. The underlying bill represents an opportunity to pass an important piece of legislation that will enhance our national security in an age of increasingly sophisticated adversaries. Its provisions include critical functions like deterring nationstate adversaries like Russia and China, countering and defeating ISIS and other terrorist groups, and defending America against cyberattacks, to name a few. In addition to the critical missions I have listed above, the bill will improve our ability to recruit and retain top cybersecurity professionals, and will provide better benefits to CIA employees injured by acts of terrorism overseas. Further, the underlying bill will strengthen both internal and congressional oversight over the various components of the intelligence community. Our government’s most fundamental responsibilities are to defend the American people from harm and to protect their liberty. To grasp the weight of these duties, one need only review the preamble of the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, the reality is that Americans continue to face increasingly sophisticated cyber threats from foreign states and nonstate actors alike. This legislation recognizes the need to ensure that the United States maintains a tactical advantage in the cyber dimension by giving the intelligence community the ability to recruit the very best talent in the field. This legislation gives the intelligence community the ability to provide increased pay for certain employees who have unique skills to lend to critical cyber missions. Cyber criminals and other foreign intelligence agencies have increasingly focused on two critical areas of U.S. national security: our energy infrastructure and our election systems. Thanks to the work of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, this legislation will bolster our defense of both areas. Specifically, this legislation will require the Director of National Intelligence to electronically publish an unclassified advisory report on foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to election campaigns for Federal office. It will also create an Infrastructure Security Center within the Department of Energy to coordinate intelligence on significant threats. We must have the tools to combat these threats, and that includes skilled personnel who know how to navigate these challenges. Whether bad actors hone in on our energy resources, election systems, or other strengths, this legislation takes steps to ensure we have the people we need fighting the forces menacing our Nation. With these improvements in place, those responsible for our Nation’s critical infrastructure will have better intelligence with which to protect it. To provide for our common defense, the dedicated men and women of the intelligence community work tirelessly to thwart the efforts of our foreign adversaries, which range from terrorists to foreign states to nuclear proliferators. Many in the intelligence community have seen their work in furtherance of the global war on terror and other missions around the world land them in harm’s way. This bill recognizes the commitment of these brave men and women, many whose names we will never know. Finally, the importance of the intelligence community’s work and the inherently secretive nature of its mission necessitate vigilant oversight of these activities. This bill will increase the intelligence community’s accountability to Congress by requiring reports on numerous issues, including investigations of leaks of classified information and security clearance processing timelines. Importantly, it will further bolster intelligence oversight by requiring the intelligence community and the Department of Defense to develop a framework for assessing the numerous roles, missions, and functions of the Defense Intelligence Agency. It will also require the FBI to provide quarterly counterintelligence briefings to the congressional intelligence committees. This legislation will ensure that America remains safe, and it will ensure that American liberties are protected in the process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman, my friend from Georgia, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate the rule for this measure, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019. Today’s bill comes to us through a process that is marginally better than that which we saw last year. As many of you may remember, last year, it took my friends on the other side a couple of tries to get the Intelligence Authorization Act to the floor. Though that one was, unlike today’s bill, cosponsored by the ranking member, Republicans raised the ire of many of us on this side of the aisle by trying to move this bill under suspension of the rules. After that move fell flat, the Republicanled Rules Committee reported the bill under a closed rule, blocking no fewer than 13 amendments. That bill, though passed, never saw sunlight in the Senate. Today’s bill avoids some of those avoidable selfinflicted wounds and is indeed better for it. But unfortunately, drama of some kind or another seems to follow Intelligence Authorization Acts, no matter what. 
Last night at the Rules Committee, we witnessed, in my view, the unprecedented silencing of one of our colleagues. Congresswoman NORMA  TORRES had just begun her first question of the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, Mr. NUNES , when she was gaveled down by the chairman of the House Rules Committee. Subsequently, he abruptly recessed the meeting. It is, in my view, Congresswoman TORRES ’ unquestionable right, based on longstanding committee practice, to question a witness. And it is absolutely unbelievable and, in my view, a great shame that she was not able to continue her line of questioning. When the hearing reconvened after a near 20minute recess, rather than answering questions, Chairman NUNES  was permitted to leave. He had made the request, indicating that he had matters before the Ways and Means Committee. This was not just unfortunate for Mrs. TORRES , but also for the rest of us on the committee, because during that short recess, the Trump administration issued its Statement of Administration Policy on today’s underlying bill. Frankly, the administration’s statement raised more questions than it answered. b1230 It would have been helpful to have Mr. NUNES at the hearing so that we could ask him important and relevant questions about the administration’s statement and what that statement meant for his bill. Now, I look forward to our meetings returning to normal next week, and I look forward to them being run as they have been in the past, with witnesses staying before the committee until all of our members have been able to ask all of their questions. Mr. Speaker, the bill is also not without its laudatory provisions. As my friend from Georgia has mentioned several of them, let me proceed to add to that particular observation of his. It increases pay for professionals in the intelligence community who have expertise in the cyber arena or have extensive knowledge in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—all areas that are crucial to the success of the intelligence community’s core mission. Footnote there: I served for 8 years on the Intelligence Committee, and I know full well, firsthand, the importance of this particular aspect of the committee’s duties and the agency’s duties. The bill, at the insistence of Democrats on the committee, addresses Russian meddling in our elections by requiring the intelligence community to brief key congressional leaders and committees on threat assessments related to foreign meddling in our Federal elections. The bill also requires the Director of Intelligence to publicly post a report on foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to Federal election campaigns. Although these provisions are welcomed, it is beyond any doubt that more must be done to strengthen our defenses against any foreign interference in our Federal and State elections and to rebuild Americans’ confidence in the democratic process and in its institutions. Mr. Speaker, there has also been good bipartisan work on a matter that has been, for years, as it is today, near and dear to my heart, and that is increasing diversity hires and promotions within the intelligence community. Indeed, I have not stopped championing these twin causes since leaving the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence as its vice chair. Diversity is a mission imperative for the intelligence community. Three of my predecessors, two of whom are deceased—Lou Stokes from Ohio and Julian Dixon from California—as well as my classmate and colleague SANFORD  BISHOP , who served on the committee as well, worked assiduously in an effort to increase minorities and give them opportunities to climb the ranks. We also, in my view, now need to recruit who will be able to blend in, speak foreign languages, and understand the cultures in countries that are now central to our foreign policy interests. At the end of the day, such diversity is achieved through the hiring process; and, therefore, we need to ensure that we are hiring more Arab Americans, Iranian Americans, Pakistani Americans, Chinese Americans, Korean Americans, and many other Americans from diverse backgrounds as we confront a myriad of threats and work hard to better understand our adversaries wherever they may lurk. We do not seek this diversity in the name of political correctness but, rather, in the name of national security. Mr. Speaker, even with these sensible additions, I can understand why some of my colleagues are reluctant to support today’s bill. When we live in the shadow of a President who is bent on denigrating the brave men and women of the intelligence community in a brazen attempt to undermine the crucial work they do on a daily basis; when we live under the shadow of a President who has, as a candidate for the highest office in the land, compared those in the intelligence community to Nazis; when we live under the shadow of a President who is quicker to take the word of an authoritarian dictator like Vladimir Putin over the studied and sober word of his own intelligence community—all positions, by the way, that not only undermine our own intelligence community, but also the relationships that we have with allies and the world over—one would be right to pause and consider whether he or she should vote in favor of handing over immense and powerful authorities to such a person. I certainly understand the great cause for concern in handing such authorities over to this administration. In fact, last night at the Rules Committee, I offered a sensible amendment, in my view, that would have reinstated the cybersecurity coordinator on the National Security Council. As many may remember, in the not too distant past we had such a coordinator. Why? Because this country faces, on an hourly and, indeed, minutebyminute, secondbysecond basis, attempted and sometimes successful attacks on our Nation’s cyber infrastructure, both private and public. It made sense to President Bush’s and President Obama’s administrations to have a person who could coordinate the complicated responses to these myriad attacks. The nowPresident and his national security adviser, on the other hand, had the inspired idea to jettison the position of cybersecurity coordinator from the ranks of the National Security Council. Now, the optics alone of the current administration canning a cybersecurity coordinator are enough to make one shake one’s head, but the realworld effects of such a misguided and reckless action should be cause for great concern. My friends on the other side of the aisle will tell us that sacking the cybersecurity coordinator was done in the name of bureaucratic efficiency, when what the Trump administration has really done, in yet another misguided decision, is make protecting our country more difficult and more cumbersome. It is time that Republicans take these threats seriously and stop aiding and abetting an administration that puts its own personal interests ahead of those of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), who is my and Mr. COLLINS ’ distinguished colleague on the Rules Committee. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, although I may be the newest member of the Rules Committee, I know that it is our job to discuss how our committees come up with their legislation and, by extension, how the House should consider these bills in a manner that is orderly and respectful. Unfortunately, we were not given that opportunity yesterday. I had questions for the Intelligence Committee chairman—tough questions, maybe, but fair questions. Questions like: How do we prevent witnesses from lying in our committees? Questions like: How did the committee come up with their findings on the Russian meddling that differ so much from every other intelligence agency? I had offered an amendment to this bill to give the House the opportunity to vote on the Senate Intelligence Committee’s Russia findings, and I wanted to ask the chairman if he felt 
that the House was prepared to vote on such an amendment; and, if not, why not. A tough question, maybe, but a fair question. However, I never got the opportunity to ask that—any of that. Instead, I was shouted down by a male colleague from across the dais and cut off abruptly before I could even finish the first question. It was incredibly disrespectful and a far cry from the decorum that we should uphold as members of the powerful Rules Committee and Congress. Never before had a member of the committee majority or minority been cut off from active questioning. That is unprecedented. As a fact, I have observed male colleagues talk to each other and ask each other to yield time to each other; but you see, as the only female Latina in that committee, that respect was not extended to me. I am concerned, Mr. Speaker, what this means for our committee and this Congress. What is more troubling to me is that this is the second time a male colleague has yelled at me from the other side of the dais. This is not to be tolerated—not by me, and not by any Member of Congress. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, if our committee is going to function like this moving forward, it will be the Rules Committee in name only. Regular order will be a thing of the past. Bills are already developed by the majority behind closed doors. The majority already blocks every single amendment. Now we will not be allowed to even speak. The majority has already turned this Congress into the most closed Congress in history. Now they are going to close off important debates in committee, and that is outrageous. I take my work on the Rules Committee very seriously. As a matter of fact, the last time this happened, I sat there, patiently, quietly, listening to the debate, although I completely disagreed with what my colleagues were saying. I was respectful to them, and I waited for my turn to speak. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I hope that we can all continue to uphold that standard of mutual respect for not just the male members of our committee, but to extend that respect to the females of that committee. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there are several issues here. And to clarify, in being one of the members there yesterday and one spoken of, I think there is an issue of when there is a concern by a member. This has been beyond Mrs. T ORRES  coming to the committee, and has been before and when Mr. HASTINGS and I have been there, many times, when we have issues with the question, the procedure is to stop and to ask the chairman to suspend the question. This is what was happening yesterday, because there was a concern that the question was impugning the integrity of the chairman. There needed to be clarification. That was a simple—no matter what member may have asked it. That was the discussion that then continued from there. Also, though, in the past 4 months, there have been 16 times that the chairman has sent a designee from their committee to testify before the Rules Committee and 14 times that the ranking member has sent a designee. Sending a designee from the committee of jurisdiction is common practice, and the chairman stated at the top of the meeting that that was what was going to be taking place. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1245 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I invite, Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Georgia to show me an example of where we shut down a Member that was asking a question. And I might add, Chairman NUNES  did not send a designee. He came to the committee himself, and then Mr. LOBIONDO , which is not unprecedented, as you have outlined the numbers, took his position at that time. But I know of no time that we have failed to allow a Member of the committee to ask questions. Can the gentleman give me such an example? Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, the understanding was not—and my intention at that point in discussing this was not to stop the questioning, but it is in the concern for the integrity of the question. You and I have talked before in our committee, and when we have said— and you have asked the chairman for clarification, that was my intention in that and that was my entire intention in that, and from there, the chairman took action from there. I think the interesting thing in here is the chairman did, at the start of the meeting, say that Mr. NUNES would be leaving. That was stated up front and there was no objection at that point for him doing so. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I will take that as my colleague doesn’t have an answer. I will take that as my colleague’s nonresponse to my question with reference to show me a precedent in that regard. There was none. I have been on that committee for 16 years, and we talk all over each other all the time and back and forth, but in an orderly manner, and yesterday’s example was not orderly. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative NADLER’s bill, H.R. 6135, the Keep Families Together Act. This important proposal would prohibit the Department of Homeland Security from separating children from their parents, except in extraordinary circumstances, and limit the criminal prosecution of asylum seekers. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ), a member of the Judiciary Committee, to discuss our proposal. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this Keep Families Together Act. Mr. Speaker, over the last month, our country has reeled from the cruelty at the border. And this week we waited apprehensively to see if the Trump administration would meet the courtordered deadline to reunite at least the children under 5 who have been taken away from their parents, separated for months at a time. The Trump administration did not meet that deadline. To date, only 57 children have been reunited with their families. Over 3,000 children were separated from their families, and all of this was a selfimposed tragic, tragic set of circumstances that came from Donald Trump’s decision to institute a zero tolerance, zero humanity policy at the border for parents who were seeking asylum for their children. Mr. Speaker, headlines every day are blaring about what is happening in the short term and the long term in terms of trauma caused to children—to children, Mr. Speaker. One headline said that some of the children who were 2 and 3 years old did not even recognize their parents after 4 months of being separated—children who were breastfeeding at their mother’s breast, separated. Mr. Speaker, the American Association of Pediatrics has said that the longterm trauma and consequences to these children is absolutely devastating. And let me be clear about what we are doing. The United States Government—and I say not in my name—the United States Government is separating children from their families, putting kids in cages, parents in prisons. Why? To deter people who are coming to the United States to do what I, as a mother, and I believe any parent would do, to seek safety from violence, from persecution, from being killed, gang raped, all kinds of stories that I heard directly from the women and the men who fled and are being held in a Federal prison. 
Mr. Speaker, the Keep Families Together Act is the only bill that would help prevent these horrors from occurring again and from happening now. It prohibits the separation of children from their parents; it limits criminal prosecutions for asylum seekers; and it requires the Department of Homeland Security to reunite children and their parents. I have got to say, Mr. Speaker, I hear these things from people who I believe are deeply good people on both sides of the aisle. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentlewoman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that there is any Republican or Democrat that would want this kind of trauma to occur. But I ask my Republican colleagues to stand up for who we are as a country. Do not allow America to become this in the eyes of the world. Do not go back to your children tonight and tell them that you allowed for this to continue. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ), who is a member of the Financial Services Committee, to further discuss our proposal for the previous question, and I apologize for botching his last name. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for this opportunity. Mr. Speaker, I am here to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6135, the Keep Families Together Act. Mr. Speaker, it is immoral, it is inhumane, and it is unAmerican to separate children from their parents. You know, I was at the border just a few weeks ago, and I got an opportunity to see firsthand and talk to these children. And these are children who are in jail cells. These are children who should be out in a playground, not in a prison. These are parents who left their home country because they were being persecuted because gangs and cartels were looking to assassinate them, and they were coming to America to say: I need help. Me and my children need help. They were coming to America, the most powerful country in the world, asking for help, a country that has traditionally been made up of immigrants. Because let’s face it, unless you are Native American, we all come from somewhere else. This country is made up of immigrants. These folks, all they wanted was an opportunity to succeed and to achieve the American Dream, and, today, they are in prisons. These parents are away from their children. That is immoral. It is inhumane. And now we have an administration who made a promise to reunite these families, and the deadline passed, and yet these children are still not reunited with their parents. And those few children who are having that opportunity to see their parents again, the parents are complaining that their children don’t even recognize them anymore. That is inhumane, it is immoral, and it goes against all American values. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6135, the Keep Families Together Act. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is left on both sides of the aisle? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida has 51⁄4minutes remaining. The gentleman from Georgia has 24 minutes remaining. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ), who is a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Education and the Workforce, and the Committee on Small Business, to further discuss our proposal for the previous question. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman HASTINGS for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I continue to urge my colleagues to find some humanity deep in your hearts. I know America has a huge heart, but I continue to ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to look deep inside of your soul and your heart and find humanity and help us pass the Keep Families Together Act to help reunite mothers like Yeni Gonzalez, who I have been pushing to help reunite with her three children. Yeni brought her three children seeking asylum as they escaped gang violence in Guatemala. President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have made it harder for victims of violence to come to the United States by stating—get this— that domestic violence should not be grounds for asylum. And in the fiscal year 2019 budget, the President proposed a $180 million cut to funding that would address the root causes of this migration, including domestic violence. The Northern Triangle countries of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras have among the 18 highest homicide rates in the world. We need to be doing more to address these root causes, and we need to be doing more to make sure families are kept together—freely, not in detention centers and facilities. Some of these children are being kept in cages that look like kennels. This week, the President and this administration once again failed to reunite all these children with their family. This administration is using its agency to demonize immigrants— mothers and their children. We need to save the soul of our Nation. I ask, I implore the other side of the aisle to look deep inside of their soul as they go to church on Sunday. This time our Nation’s history will forever be tainted, the reputation of our Nation, as free and a beacon of hope for the entire world. I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Keep Families Together Act to the floor and stand with our Nation’s children. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, we consider today’s important bill as we approach the hour of our President, Donald John Trump’s, private sit down with President Vladimir Putin in Russia. We don’t know what will come of this meeting, but if past is indeed prologue and we look to the President’s handling of his negotiations with North Korean dictator Kim Jongun, or his steadfast denial of the obvious, namely Russia’s meddling in our elections, or his policy of tearing toddlers away from their mothers and fathers, then we can assume that nothing good will come from this upcoming get together. And I would urge those traveling with him to sweep the room with Vladimir Putin because he will certainly be being listened to. We can assume that there will be further concessions that benefit Russian interests. We can assume that the President will further insult our friends and allies, as he did yesterday morning in Brussels. We can assume that he will further erode the institutions created by the greatest generation, institutions that have made and kept the United States the dominant power in an uncertain world, institutions that have kept war off of western European soil for more than a generation, institutions that have kept at bay those nationstates that champion oppression and fear rather than freedom and the rule of law. Finally, I will say this. In the current environment, it is more important than ever to stand united against those forces that wish to see us divided. It is more important than ever that we support the difficult and brave work of those individuals who make up our intelligence community. And the latter can be achieved, quite simply, by Republicans in this Chamber taking a note from our Republican friends on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and learn how to call a spade a spade. The assessment that the Russians meddled in our election; that the Russians concertedly attempted to undermine Secretary Clinton’s chances to be elected the first female President of the United States; that the Russians did this work to favor the election of the current President are all trustworthy and wellfounded assessments. b1300 And remember, that it is not ALCEE LAMAR HASTINGS saying that, though I do. That is the assessment of the entire Republicanled Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. That is the assessment of the intelligence agencies of this community. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this is a time when we come to the floor and debate great things. Sometimes, Mr. Speaker, you actually find out things that you did not know, and I now found out that my friend from Florida’s middle name is LAMAR as we go forward. Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for legislation that does what we came here to do, and that is to protect our Nation and preserve our civil liberties. The underlying legislation goes a step further than simply reauthorizing critical programs. It takes a hard look, and a smart look, at how we can strengthen programs, better respond to new and existing threats, and conduct vigorous, effective oversight of the intelligence community, while ensuring it has the resources it needs to serve American citizens well. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to supporting this rule and the underlying bill to strengthen public safety, protect our Nation and the American people, and to guard our civil liberties. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee report (H. Rept. 115–815) to accompany House Resolution 989 should have included the following summary of amendments: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule ....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair 
will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 229, nays 182, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Bishop (GA) Black Cheney Ellison Frankel (FL) Gomez Hanabusa Harper Kustoff (TN) LoBiondo Moulton Pelosi Perlmutter Richmond Sanford Speier Veasey 
b1326 Messrs. GONZALEZ of Texas, PETERSON, O’HALLERAN, and CUELLAR changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. JONES, MARCHANT, and MARSHALL changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 178, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 323] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bishop (GA) Black Cheney Ellison Frankel (FL) Hanabusa Harper Kustoff (TN) LoBiondo McNerney Moulton Pelosi Perlmutter Sanford Speier 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 989 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 6237. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1337 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 6237) to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, with Mr. WEBER of Texas in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ). Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 6237, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019. Passing an annual intelligence authorization bill is the most important tool Congress has to conduct effective oversight of the intelligence activities of the United States Government. Today, the Intelligence Committee is bringing its annual intelligence authorization bill to the floor. Once again, the bill is a bipartisan product that reflects contributions from all committee members. It was reported out of the committee by a unanimous voice vote. The legislation provides the intelligence community the necessary resources and authorities to protect and defend the United States. For example, this bill authorizes a committee initiative to streamline defense intelligence related to the Defense Intelligence Agency. It enhances congressional oversight of intelligence activities by mandating intelligence community reports on threats to Federal elections, leaks of classified information, security clearance processing, and other vital activities. Furthermore, the bill increases pay for employees with unique cyber skills and creates a security center at the Department of Energy to protect our energy infrastructure. Mr. Chairman, the bill authorizes enhanced injury benefits to CIA employees injured overseas due to hostile acts of terrorist activities. Moreover, it reauthorizes the Public Interest Declassification Board, aligns the reporting structure of the intelligence community chief financial officer and chief intelligence officer with statutes that govern other Federal agencies, and codifies longstanding congressional reporting requirements regarding the intelligence community information technology environment. Mr. Chairman, the intelligence community comprises thousands of patriotic Americans who do difficult jobs, sometimes at great personal risk, to keep Americans safe from foreign threats. Today, these threats take many different forms and emanate from various parts of the world. In the Middle East, the threat from ISIS has not ceased, despite its dramatic loss of territory. In fact, our intelligence professionals now face the daunting task of tracking ISIS fighters fleeing Syria for countries throughout the region and beyond. Meanwhile, Iran is solidifying its influence, often through armed proxy militias, in its quest to control a Shiite Crescent across a wide swath of the Middle East. In Asia, China poses numerous security challenges related to its expanding military capabilities, its growing international force projection, and its extensive extraterritorial claims. Additionally, the Chinese regime is engaged in widespread efforts, including licit and illicit means, to acquire critical U.S. national security technologies and intellectual property. Furthermore, Russia continues to pose a pressing threat to the United States and many of our allies. This is just a small snapshot of the threats the intelligence community addresses every day. Additionally, our intelligence professionals confront an array of challenges posed by failed states, cyber warfare, nuclear proliferation, and many other matters. This bill will ensure that the dedicated men and women of our intelligence community have the funding authorities and support they need to carry out the mission to keep the United States safe, while providing Congress with the tools it needs to provide robust oversight over their actions. I would like to thank the men and women of this country who serve in our intelligence community. I am honored to get to know so many of them in the course of the committee’s oversight work. I would also like to thank all of the committee’s members for their contributions to our oversight over the past year, and especially to our subcommittee chairmen and ranking members for their time and their efforts. The many hearings, briefings, and oversight visits our members carry out during the year provide the input for this authorization and the direction of this bill. Finally, I would like to thank all the committee staff for their hard work and for their daily oversight of the intelligence community. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, July 11, 2018. Hon. DEVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN NUNES : I am writing to you regarding H.R. 6237, the ‘‘Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019.’’ The bill includes provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Homeland Security will forego action on this bill. However, this is conditional based on our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 6237 at this time does not prejudice the Committee on Homeland Security with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the understanding that the Committee on Homeland Security reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference that may be convened on this or similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 6237, and ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I look forward to working with the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE , July 11, 2018. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 6237, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019. As you noted, certain provisions of the bill are related to the jurisdictional interests of the Committee on Homeland Security. I agree that your letter in no way diminishes or alters the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Homeland Security with respect to the appointment of conferees or any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or any similar legislation. I appreciate your willingness to assist in expediting this legislation for floor consideration. I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Congressional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your assistance with this matter. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I join the chairman in urging support for the combined 2018 and 2019 Intelligence Authorization Act, which has been named in honor of Matthew Young Pollard, a Senate Intelligence Committee staffer who recently passed away, leaving behind a young son and bereaved colleagues both in the Senate and here in the House. For well over a year now, considerable attention has been focused on the House Intelligence Committee and the profound disagreements that we have had about the Russia investigation. Those differences remain, and the American people should know that my Democratic colleagues on the Intelligence Committee and I continue the important work of investigating Russia’s interference in the 2016 Presidential election. Despite our disagreements over Russia with the majority, however, I have consistently and publicly maintained that the committee must seek to cordon off our disagreements over the Russia investigation and continue with our other work on as bipartisan a basis as possible. We owe the tens of thousands of men and women in the intelligence community nothing less, not only because they put themselves at personal risk every day, but also because their work is so important to the country that it demands the shared responsibility and oversight of the Congress. b1345 The Intelligence Committee has a history of producing bipartisan bills even under the most difficult political circumstances. I am pleased that our staffs have worked to reach a mutually acceptable final text, and have been able to weed out provisions that would have made it impossible to move forward jointly. Much of the committee’s oversight work is reflected in the bill as classified, but we can discuss some of the 2018–2019 IAA’s elements openly, including the fact that the bill helps to better ensure that our elections are free from interference or manipulation. This is essential to our democracy, and the bill includes important provisions that continue the work that we have been doing in the committee during the course of the work on the Russia investigation, and as a part of our normal oversight to maintain the integrity of our election system. The bill also provides funding to our intelligence community in order to meet all threats from terrorism to nationstate actors. The bill authorizes funding across a wide range of endeavors that will allow the intelligence community and the Department of Defense to not only respond to threats, but to preempt them. The bill takes steps to prevent a repeat of the Russian active measures campaign that targeted our 2016 election, by including a minorityauthored provision requiring a briefing to key congressional leaders, including members of the intelligence community and committee, if the United States faces a significant foreign cyber intrusion or active measures campaign directed at a federal election. The bill also ensures that America’s technological advantage remains a priority for our intelligence services. As such, the bill resources and directs efforts that will promote our advantages across a range of cuttingedge domains, from space to artificial intelligence. It enhances transparency and allows public access to certain work of the IC. The bill reauthorizes for 10 years the Public Interest Declassification Board which advises the President and executive branch agencies on the review and declassification of IC records of historical importance. The bill also includes minority provisions related to parental leave, student loan repayment, and diversity and inclusiveness that are intended to make an exceptional workforce even better. In the end, the men and women who serve in the intelligence community and the Defense Department are the most important factor in the success of our national security. There are many other provisions in the bill that will build on the work of past years and move us further along technical and other pathways to meet new challenges and those still on the horizon. This bill advances our national security, reinforces the principle of congressional oversight, and honors our values as a Nation. Mr. Chair, I urge the support of the House, and look forward to considering amendments that will make a good bill even better. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), the chairman of the Agriculture Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his dedicated work on the committee leading us through these rather tumultuous times on a lot of fronts, but he has done a terrific job, and I have been proud to serve on the committee with him. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to speak in support of the 2018 Intelligence Authorization Act. Intelligence gathering is of utmost importance in our national security and is essential in keeping Americans safe here at home. It is imperative that we provide to those dedicated individuals of our intelligence community the tools, resources, and support they need to carry out missions successfully, and Mr. Chairman, this bill does just that. The successful completion of increasingly difficult missions by these consummate professionals ensures policymakers are provided the crucial information that they need to make the most informed decisions to counter our nearterm threats and those peaking on the horizon. This bill addresses both challenges of a constantly changing threat environment and advances in technology to keep American cybersecurity at the forefront of global efforts and a step ahead of our adversaries. Mr. Chair, as you and others in the room know as well, our democratic 
elections have become the target of foreign influence campaigns, not only here at home, but across the Western world by adversaries seeking to undermine and disrupt one of our most sacred democratic institutions. Mr. Chair, this bill allows for a path for the IC to advise and inform those on the front lines of our elections of the perceived threats from abroad. In addition, it also ensures that Congress stays informed of ongoing adversarial influence campaigns again democratic elections across the globe and here at home as well, as well as the actions that our IC is taking to counter those threats. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of this year’s Intelligence Authorization Act. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for it. I look forward to implementing this in the next year, and the oversight, authorities and tools that it gives Congress to be able to continue to provide the correct oversight for our intelligence agencies across the executive branch. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, it gives me great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON). He is the ranking member on the Emerging Threats Subcommittee and brings a wealth of experience in homeland security to the Congress. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). Mr. Chairman, I rise today to say a few words about this very important bill. I say important because as we face threats around the world, threats like Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, and terrorism, the annual Intelligence Authorization Act is meant to provide our intelligence personnel with the resources and authorities they need to keep America safe. In some respects, Mr. Chairman, this bill accomplishes that very goal. We refocus our resources on countering our most significant adversary states. We better equip the intel community to counter foreign interference in our elections, which is very critical going into 2018, all the way to 2020. We give new authorities related to pervasive challenges, including threats to our supply chain, recruitment and development of minority talent, and strengthening of the cyber and technical workforce. I support these very important developments. Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, the bill also supports or indicates significant problematic changes to many classified authorities. I am particularly concerned about what this means for the way we conduct counterterrorism operations. Mr. Chairman, the Trump administration has changed counterterrorism policies in a way that does not make America safer. By expanding the areas where the U.S. Government may be operating and broadening authorities, Mr. Chairman, we are planting the seeds of anger and hate which will fester and grow, increasing the threat of an attack in the future. Mr. Chairman, I strongly believe in protecting the United States and her allies. But, if two decades of the war against terrorism have taught us anything, it is that we can’t fight our way out of this. Yes, we need to target known terrorist leaders, Mr. Chairman, but we also need to actively minimize actions that spur new hatred and drive people to terrorism. After years of striving for a more comprehensive, targeted, and productive counterterrorism approach, this bill sends us back to the days of broad unrestrained authorities. With so much on the line, Mr. Chairman, we should be using this bill to send a message to this administration that America must maintain her values. Success at any cost is not success at all, but a foolhardy approach to leverage power. We must keep America safe, Mr. Chairman. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). She is the ranking member on the Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture Subcommittee and does a fabulous job for our committee. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. This bill recognizes the critical work that every member of the intelligence community performs to protect our Nation: first, by enhancing resources and authorities for our highest priority intelligence initiatives, and secondly, by enforcing and reinforcing the principles of good governance, transparency, and accountability to the American people. Mr. Chairman, I am a strong advocate for transparency, which is a challenge for the intelligence community because of the need to protect sensitive sources and equities, but a challenge that can be met. One groundbreaking example is the unclassified January 2017 intelligence community assessment that notified Americans about the Russian attack on our democracy in the 2016 election. This bill directs the intelligence community to continue public awareness reporting related to election security because the threat from Russia is still ongoing. As a ranking member on the HPSCI Subcommittee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture for the last 3 years, one of my priorities is to ensure that the United States achieves and maintains a leadership position in nextgeneration technologies, especially in space. Space is an emerging battleground, so it is imperative for our national security that America maintains a strategic advantage in space as well as we do on the ground and at sea. Over the last year, the subcommittee has continued our dialogue with the intelligence community about its accomplishments, but also the challenges it faces and the resources it needs to meet these challenges. I am pleased to report that this bill includes provisions that strengthen our Nation’s access and resilience in space by investing in nextgeneration technologies and assets. Mr. Chairman, I am also a strong believer that the success of our Nation’s intelligence operation hinges on our most important asset: our people. As our intelligence missions and objectives continue to evolve, we will undoubtedly require a more diverse workforce in the intelligence community to meet our needs. We must work together to build and promote an intelligence community that is truly representative of the rich diversity and inclusive society that makes our Nation great. In order to more effectively address these emerging and ongoing threats, we need an agile workforce with a wide range of backgrounds, experiences, skill sets, and talents. For that reason, Congress has invested in American universities and colleges to provide all students with the skills that they need to serve in our intelligence community. As smart investors, we want to see that the investment is accomplishing the objectives and encouraging qualified graduates to apply to join the intelligence community. This bill directs the Director of National Intelligence to take a more active role in ensuring that one program, in particular, the Intelligence Community Centers for Academic Excellence, achieves that objective of diversity. I also strongly support the Hastings amendment that directs the intelligence community to intensify recruitment outreach at every corner of our Nation. Encouraging geographical diversity in the intelligence community will naturally also enhance racial, gender, cultural, and economic diversity. I want to see that every interested student, whether in a big city or a small town, is aware of the career opportunities in the intelligence community. It is a path that is most important. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Alabama. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, in conclusion, I believe for these reasons and others that my colleagues should support this bill. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chair, it is now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK), someone who we have come to rely on in our committee in a great many areas, but, in particular, the threat posed by foreign actors investing in American technologies, with an eye toward either appropriating our intellectual property, or making use of those 
technologies for the purpose of spying on Americans. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member. I am here to support the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act. Mr. Chair, I was just placed on the Intel Committee a year ago January, and I have learned an awful lot, most notably, how incredibly difficult it really is to do the work of an intelligence officer. And I want to, frankly, take this opportunity to thank all of the members of the IC for their dedication and service. For as difficult a job as it is, it is even more difficult, if not impossible, to do it without a security clearance. In the first quarter—you are hearing this number correctly—of this year, the average processing time for a top security clearance was 534 days. That backlog creates difficulties in hiring in the intelligence and defense agencies. And, frankly, it is creating a legacy problem for our future. And you are hearing this number correctly, too. The backlog of people waiting for those clearances is now over 700,000, and that is what has led the Government Accountability Office to declare this ‘‘a high risk issue,’’ and that means that it is one of the areas that the GAO believes is most in need of reform. The country cannot wait 2 years to recruit top talent for our IC. Applicants for clearance, of course, should be carefully scrutinized, and the United States should take care that only responsible and trustworthy parties gain access to our Nation’s classified information. b1400 We absolutely should guard it as a national treasure. But we need to give the IC the people it needs to collect, process, analyze, and distribute information, pure and simple. So the bill before us today does, in fact, include language to address the issue of security clearances. As we progress forward, we must do so methodically, with feedback from the most affected. We have a long process ahead of us, but if we don’t take steps now, frankly, pretty soon it is going to be too late. We must address the security clearance dilemma, and we must pass this bill to begin that process. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RUPPERSBERGER ), who is the former ranking member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and a great stalwart for the men and women who work within the IC. Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan bill. First and foremost, intelligence is about people. We cannot collect, analyze, and utilize intelligence effectively unless we can recruit, hire, and retain the best people possible. Therefore, I want to thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member SCHIFF , and their staffs, for working with me to include provisions in this bill that improve parental leave policies of the intelligence community. These provisions will ensure that these benefits are, to the fullest extent possible, in line with the private sector. Doing so will help the IC develop and retain the workforce required to keep America safe against all our foes, both new and old. This legislation also takes important steps to ensure the IC provides critical updates to Congress in the event the United States faces a foreign cyber attack or other active measures that threaten the heart of our democracy: our elections. There is no doubt that Russia will continue to exert a malign influence on the heart and soul of our democracy. This cannot be tolerated, and I strongly support the efforts of the chairman and ranking member to ensure Congress will be informed of the most critical threats to our democracy. I thank the chairman and ranking member, and the entire intelligence community and staff, for their dedicated oversight of the intelligence community and their commitment to enhancing national security. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I will briefly say that the former ranking member, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , who has many intelligence professionals in his district, is highly regarded in our committee, and I respect and am thankful for his support of the bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, might I inquire of the gentleman whether he has any further speakers? Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I will take this opportunity to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, 1 month ago, the CIA held its annual memorial ceremony to honor its fallen. This year, the agency added four stars to the memorial wall, signifying four officers killed in the line of duty but who cannot be publicly named even in death. That, Mr. Chairman, is the sacrifice that we ask of our intelligence professionals, and it is one that they are prepared to make. In exchange for that fidelity, it is our job to provide the intelligence community with the tools and authorities that it needs to keep us safe, all while exercising our constitutional authority of oversight and direction. This bill meets that responsibility, and I urge its passage by the House. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my colleagues on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and our incredible staff. In particular, I thank Shannon Stuart, Carly Blake, Alan Souza, Mark Stewart, Wells Bennett, Scott Glabe, Rheanne Wirkkala, Amanda Rogers Thorpe, Thomas Eager, Kris Breaux, Christine Bocchino, Maher Bitar, Shannon Green, Linda Cohen, Patrick Boland, and Tim Bergreen. These staff members labor three floors below the Capitol in a space we affectionately call—and sometimes unaffectionately call—the bunker. They do so for long hours and without daylight. We are very grateful to them and for their service. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. I thank the staffs on both the majority and minority sides. They do put in a lot of effort. It is one of the smallest staffs in the Capitol of any committee, so we are thankful that we were able to get this bill done in a bipartisan manner. We look for its passage on the floor this afternoon. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak on House consideration of H.R. 6237, the ‘‘Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and 2019.’’ I thank Chairman NUNES , Ranking Member SCHIFF for their work to bring this bill before the full House of consideration. Our nation’s national security professionals require our support in words as well as deeds in the form of legislation like the authorization measure we are debating and sufficient funding to carry out the work of protecting our great nation from our enemies. I offered several Jackson Lee Amendments for consideration under this bill. I thank the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3, designated as No. 33 on the Rules Committee roster for consideration for this bill. This Jackson Lee Amendment, amends the Sense of Congress already in the bill on the importance of rereview of security clearances held by individuals by adding consideration of whether the security clearance holder’s association or sympathy with persons or organizations that advocate, threaten, or use force or violence, or any other illegal or unconstitutional means, in an effort to prevent others from exercising their rights under the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any state, on account of race, religion, national origin, disability, or other impermissible factors. In addition to this amendment, I offered three other Jackson Lee Amendments to H.R. 6237: The first Jackson Lee Amendment is designated as No. 32 on the Rules Committee roster, and would have amended the Sense of Congress already in the bill that addresses the importance of conducting background checks for retention of security clearances or the issuance of new clearances to also consider an applicant’s membership in a hate group and their participation in activities espoused by hate groups that involve violence or incitement of violence which disrupts civic life. The second Jackson Lee Amendment is designated as No. 34, on the Rules Committee rosters, and would have amended the Sense of Congress already in the bill on the 
importance of review of a security clearance by adding that a security clearance should not be held by an individual who actively engages in violent acts in the United States or its territories that target persons based upon their race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, or gender identity for the purpose of inflicting physical harm or emotional distress with the objective of normalizing antisocial behavior towards vulnerable groups. The third Jackson Lee Amendment is designated as No. 38 on the Rules Committee rosters, and would have required that the Director of National Intelligence conduct an assessment and report to Congress on the reliance of intelligence activities on civilian contractors to support Government activities, including intelligence analysis. Each of these Jackson Lee Amendments sought to strengthen and improve the process of security clearance awards and oversight of contractors engaged in national security work. The rights and dignity of all Americans must be held dear and protected from assaults that challenge the very freedom we value most. It is our diversity and our capacity for tolerance of others who are different that is the essence of American exceptionalism. As a nation we have come through many struggles and challenges to reach a point where we accept the diversity of our nation as a strength and not a weakness. A period in our history that challenges the very foundation of our nation was framed by a speech given by Abraham Lincoln on the occasion of his nomination to become the Senator from the State of Illinois. He said: ‘‘A house divided against itself, cannot stand. I believe this government cannot endure, permanently, half slave and half free. I do not expect the Union to be dissolved—I do not expect the house to fall—but I do expect it will cease to be divided. It will become all one thing or all the other. Either the opponents of slavery will arrest the further spread of it, and place it where the public mind shall rest in the belief that it is in the course of ultimate extinction; or its advocates will push it forward, till it shall become lawful in all the States, old as well as new—North as well as South.’’ He was speaking of the pernicious national shame of slavery that led ultimately to the Civil War that cost more than 600,00 lives over the very question of human rights and human dignity for all persons. Although the question of equality and justice for all has been asked and answered during pivotal moments in our nation’s history today we are facing another challenge to our core beliefs. I offered these Jackson Lee Amendments to establish that this Congress is not wavering in its commitment to protect the lives, liberties or freedom of Americans from those who seek to do them harm. Specifically, four of the Jackson Lee Amendments were prompted by the actions of Mr. Miselis who has a security clearance and worked for Northrup Grumman, a major defense contractor, at the time he engaged in physical violence against persons protesting racism and white supremacy in Charlottesville, Virginia. In May 2018, Northrup Grumman was informed of Mr. Miselis’ membership in RAM and the violent assaults he initiated while he was in Charlottesville participating in activities in support of white supremacy, which were captured on video and in photos. Mr. Miselis worked for a government contractor and held a security clearance authorizing him to work on projects that were of vital interest to our nation and its defense. Northrup Grumman did not dismiss him until the story broke earlier this month with media reports on the violence Mr. Miselis engaged in at the white supremacists’ rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia. The violence of RAM members has been a hallmark of the group and its members. The AntiDefamation League describes RAM as a white supremacist group whose members believe they are fighting against a ‘‘modern world’’ corrupted by the ‘‘destructive cultural influences’’ of liberals, Jews, Muslims and nonwhite immigrants. They refer to themselves as the ‘‘premier MMA (mixed martial arts) club of the Alt Right.’’ RAM is characterized as operating like a streetfighting club. Members actively train to do physical battle with their ideological foes, and have been involved in violent clashes during political rallies and demonstrations. RAM members consider themselves to be part of the ‘‘Alt Right.’’ RAM’s membership has deep roots in California’s racist skinhead movement, and includes individuals who have faced serious criminal charges, including assault, robbery and weapon offenses. RAM consists of several dozen loosely affiliated neoNazis and racist skinheads who were formerly known as the DIY Division, but rebranded themselves as the Rise Above Movement in the spring of 2017. The FBI has opened an informal investigation into this group because of the violence associated with its members. The United States is a nation of laws, which gives us the freedom to agree and most importantly disagree with not only each other but with our government. But the limitations to the right to disagree can be best described by the ancient wisdom: ‘‘Your right to swing your arms ends just where the other person’s nose begins.’’ There is a limit to the expression of free speech and the freedom to assemble and that limit is violence. I know that the work of our intelligence community is difficult and often goes without notice by the American public. I firmly believe that the actions of those who hold security clearances as they go about their lives should reflect the higher goals and values of nation. To engage in violent acts against persons engaged in constitutionally protected activity on account of race, religion, color, gender, sexual orientation, language of original, immigration status, or creed is an affront to the framers of the Constitution for this great nation. The actions of Mr. Miselis put at risk not only his career, but also the reputation of people who hold national security clearances. The awarding of security clearances to contractors must be better managed and the consequences for involvement in activities that would be cause for dismissal from the armed services or any federal agency should not go unnoticed. I am committed to the task of building the capacity and resources of the intelligence community to ensure that our nation’s national security and national defense are all that they need to be. I ask that my colleagues support the Jackson Lee Amendment made in order for consideration of H.R. 6237, and support the underlying bill. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. POEof Texas). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommend by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–80. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 6237 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS. 
In this division, the terms ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ and ‘‘intelligence community’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2018 the sum of $514,000,000. 
The authorization of appropriations by this division shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
Appropriations authorized by this division for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. TITLE IV—MATTERS RELATING TO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY 
Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center.’’. TITLE V—REPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS 
heightened foreign counterintelligence or cybersecurity threat, the Director and the Under Secretary, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, may make available additional information to the appropriate representatives of such campaign. 
In this division, the terms ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ and ‘‘intelligence community’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). TITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund for fiscal year 2019 the sum of $514,000,000. TITLE III—GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS 
The authorization of appropriations by this division shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. 
Appropriations authorized by this division for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for Federal employees may be increased by such additional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in such compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis shall transfer not less than 40 personnel who are stationed, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, at the Department of Homeland Security headquarters located at Nebraska Avenue Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia, to locations at least 30 miles from such headquarters in order to collocate such personnel with and provide support for Department of Homeland Security operational units from Customs and Border Protection, the Transportation Security Administration, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or other elements of the Department of Homeland Security. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–815. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SCHIFF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ), I offer amendment No. 1. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to offer this amendment on behalf of its author, Mr. KEATING of Massachusetts, who is one of our fine members who has great experience in public safety prior to coming to the Congress. This amendment builds on an initiative from Chairman NUNES to extend tour lengths of deployed U.S. Government personnel, particularly those who are proficient in difficult languages such as Arabic, Farsi, Chinese, and Korean. Specifically, the amendment adds the Russian language to that list. In view of the continuing threat to our national security posed by the aggressive action of the Russian Government, the U.S. Government must fully engage its cadre of personnel proficient in the Russian language. I am a slow talker. I am talking even more slowly, and my colleague has arrived. I want to thank my colleague for his work. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ) is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support the amendment, and I strongly encourage Members to support this amendment. I have no further comments at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ), who is the author of the amendment. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I thank my two colleagues from California. Mr. Chairman, I am here rising in support of my amendment to H.R. 6237. The underlying bill requires all members of the Foreign Service to serve three consecutive terms if they have received language training in certain languages. My amendment adds the Russian language to that list. Extending Foreign Service officers’ length of service in these positions is vital to our foreign policy and national security objectives. Through this continuity of service, they can develop and deploy their cultural and language expertise to make the most of our diplomatic efforts incountry. Putin has become one of the greatest antagonists of the United States. He attacked our elections and those of our allies, and he is behind a number of cyberrelated incidents recently. He has invaded sovereign nations when they looked toward strengthening ties with the West. His government and governmentcontrolled entities spread lies and misinformation about the United States—not only in Russia, but here in the U.S. as well— through fake social media accounts that attempt to sow division among all Americans. He seeks to undermine all aspects of civil society and a free political process that challenge him and his control over the Russian Government and its people. Putin presents a serious security threat to the United States and our interests. We must respond to these actions through sanctions, indictments, and other means, whether related to election interference, incursions into Ukraine, or human rights violations. However, we must also keep our eyes on the long game. Russian language is broadly spoken around the globe, not just in Russia, but across Eastern Europe and many parts of Central Asia as well. Representing the United States and our ideals abroad means being able to actually have meaningful personto person exchanges with local communities and build the relationships that will help us combat Putin’s misinformation apparatus. It means we can talk to local press incountry to clarify misunderstandings and to communicate directly with the local population about what we actually stand for. It means having the most accurate understanding of realtime security information, so that the United States can respond quickly and appropriately. Today, we are not operating at full capacity in this regard when it comes to Russia, and, frankly, we cannot afford to keep looking the threat from Russia and Putin in the face and refusing not to do everything we can about it. We have heard many times that the Russian people themselves have great 
concern and great antagonism to Putin and his leadership. We need to have skilled people fluent in the language and understanding the culture there and on the front lines of our efforts to encourage them to stand up within their own country, and to make sure that our allies in Europe know that we are there, using every tool at our disposal to stop his aggression and interference. Mr. Chairman, I hope this amendment passes. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage also, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 20, line 7, before the period insert ‘‘, including an identification of the foreign state or foreign nonstate person, group, or entity to which such threat has been attributed’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, we are still uncovering more troubling evidence on the extent of Russia’s interference in our most recent election. These Russian actions were an attack on our democracy, and we need to respond both to hold them to account for past actions and to protect against future aggressions. With our next national election less than 4 months away, we must act now. So I am pleased this bill takes steps to require a publicly available advisory report on foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats facing our Federal elections. This joint report from the Director of National Intelligence, the Department of Homeland Security, and the FBI will help campaigns identify and counter these threats. My amendment strengthens the reporting requirements to ensure we are publicly identifying the foreign state or nonstate actors that our intelligence officials identify as responsible for these threats. The American people deserve to know who is trying to interfere in our democratic process, and they deserve a government that will hold these countries and these groups to account. Protecting the integrity of our elections from outside influence by malign foreign actors is of paramount importance. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to help ensure that we treat the threat of foreign election interference with the seriousness it demands. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), who is the ranking member. b1415 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. I am pleased to rise in support. This amendment clarifies section 1503 of the bill dealing with foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to Federal election campaigns. The current provision directs that, for each Federal election, the Director of National Intelligence, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security, and the FBI will make publicly available a report on foreign counterintelligence and cybersecurity threats to our elections. Section 1503 strengthens our elections by providing information to the public about these threats by providing information about best practices and resources which may be used to counter these threats. Mr. SCHNEIDER ’s amendment adds to the publicly available report the identification of the foreign actor, when possible. This public attribution can be very powerful, not only in terms of protecting the public, but also in deterring any foreign intervention in our democratic affairs. I want to thank my colleague again for his work, and I am happy to support the amendment. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–815. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
HEISA MEMBER OF A VIOLENT WHITE SUPREMACIST GROUP ; SOWHYISHEWORKING  
FOR A DEFENSE CONTRACTOR WITH A SECURITY CLEARANCE ? This story is part of an ongoing collaboration between ProPublica and FRONTLINE that includes documentaries scheduled to begin on PBS in August 2018. 
If you’ve witnessed or experienced hate crimes, harassment or incidents of bias, you can use this form to send information to FRONTLINE, ProPublica and other partners in the Documenting Hate project. Update, July 6, 2018: One day after being exposed as a member of a violent white supremacist group, Michael Miselis has lost his job as an aerospace engineer. In an email, company spokesman Tim Paynter told ProPublica and FRONTLINE that Miselis ‘‘is no longer an employee of Northrop Grumman.’’ Paynter did not say whether Miselis was fired or resigned from his position. There likely isn’t such a thing as a ‘‘typical’’ violent white extremist in America in 2018. Still, Michael Miselis—a University of California, Los Angeles doctoral student with a U.S. government security clearance to work on sensitive research for a prominent defense contractor—makes for a pretty unusual case. For months, ProPublica and FRONTLINE have been working to identify the white supremacists at the center of violent demonstrations across the country, including the infamous Unite the Right rally last August in Charlottesville, Virginia. The Rise Above Movement, a Southern California group that expresses contempt for Muslims, Jews, and immigrants, became a focus of that effort. ProPublica and FRONTLINE were able to quickly identify a number of the group’s leaders, and find evidence that put them in the middle of violence in Charlottesville and Berkeley, California, among other places. But one seeming member of RAM was harder to nail down. In video shot in Charlottesville, a bearded, husky man is seen in a red Make America Great Again hat with his hands wrapped in tape that came in handy for the brawling that occurred that day. During one encounter, the unidentified man in the red hat pushed an AfricanAmerican protester to the ground and began pounding on him, video of the episode shows; moments later, a known RAM member choked and bloodied a pair of female counterprotesters. The possible RAM member also had turned up in video shot during hours of combat at a Trump rally in Berkeley, as well. Wearing protective goggles to ward off pepper spray, the man fought alongside RAM members, wrestling one protester to the ground and punching others. Ultimately, ProPublica and FRONTLINE determined the man in the violent footage was Miselis, a 29yearold pursuing a Ph.D. in UCLA’s aerospace engineering program. Miselis was identified using video footage and social media posts, and reporters confirmed his identity in an encounter with him outside his home. In interviews, a number of California law enforcement officials said Miselis was a member of RAM. In addition to his scholarly pursuits, Miselis works as a systems engineer for Northrop Grumman, the giant defense contractor with a plant in Redondo Beach, California. When approached by ProPublica and FRONTLINE in front of his home in Lawndale, a small city south of Los Angeles, Miselis said he ‘‘didn’t know anything’’ about what happened in Charlottesville. ‘‘I think you got the wrong guy,’’ he said before driving off in his car. Miselis did not respond to questions about his involvement with RAM. He did not answer additional questions sent by email. Several current and former employees at Northrop Grumman told ProPublica and FRONTLINE that Miselis has received a security clearance to work in a computer modeling and simulation group within Northrop’s aerospace division. Such security clearances are typically issued in a twostep process. The federal Office of Personnel Management conducts an investigation into the individual. The agency’s findings are then forwarded to a special unit within the Department of Defense, which makes the final determination on whether the person should receive a clearance, a status that often allows the person access to classified or otherwise sensitive information concerning national security. Public affairs officers at the Defense Department declined to comment about Miselis and his security clearance. The federal personnel management office referred questions regarding Miselis to Northrop Grumman. Northrop Grumman did not respond to several requests for comment. However, interviews with current and former Northrop employees, as well as an internal email, make clear the company knows of Miselis’ actions in Charlottesville and involvement with RAM. Miselis informed his superiors about his contact with reporters from ProPublica and FRONTLINE, as is required by any individual who holds a higherlevel security clearance, the people said. So far, it seems, the company has taken no action against Miselis, who remains employed. Keegan Hankes, an analyst with the Southern Poverty Law Center who follows RAM closely, said he was surprised that nothing has been done about Miselis’ employment and security clearance. ‘‘It’s ridiculous,’’ Hankes said. ‘‘They’re openly motivated by racism,’’ he added of RAM. As ProPublica has previously reported, RAM first surfaced publicly last spring and has quickly established itself as one of the violent groups in the resurgent white supremacist scene; members, who regularly train in boxing and martial arts, have been documented engaging in a string of melees. Founded in early 2017 by Robert Rundo, a Queens, New York, native who served an 18 month prison sentence for stabbing a rival gang member six times during a 2009 street fight, the group’s core membership is small— 15 to 20 young men—but capable of real menace, ProPublica’s reporting has shown. Rundo has recruited followers from the Orange County and San Diego chapters of the Hammerskin Nation, the country’s largest Nazi skinhead gang, and one the authorities say has been behind at least nine murders. One of the Hammerskins who joined up with RAM, Matthew Branstetter, went to prison in California in 2011 on hate crime charges for robbing and assaulting a Jewish man in an Orange County park. The attack left the victim with ‘‘a concussion, broken jaw, eye socket fracture, broken nose, cracked ribs, severe facial bruising, and cuts and bruises to his body and face,’’ according to a news release issued by county prosecutors at the time. Other RAM members have spent time in prison and Los Angeles County jail on charges for robbery, firearms possession and other offenses. The FBI has taken notice. Several law enforcement officials familiar with the bureau’s work said agents have opened a formal investigation into RAM. In a statement, the FBI said: ‘‘While the FBI neither confirms nor denies the existence of an investigation, our agents investigate activity which may constitute a federal crime or pose a threat to national security. Our focus is not on membership in particular groups but on criminal activity. The FBI cannot initiate an investigation based solely on an individual’s race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, or the exercise of their First Amendment rights, and we remain committed to protecting those rights for all Americans.’’ Since last August, local prosecutors have brought charges against a handful of participants in the Charlottesville rally, successfully convicting several men so far, including activists on both sides of the clashes. Now federal authorities are targeting neo Nazi James Alex Fields, the man accused of killing counterprotester Heather Heyer and injuring more than two dozen others. Federal prosecutors recently filed 30 charges against Fields, including 28 hate crime charges. A native of Stockton, California, Miselis earned a bachelor’s of science degree in mechanical engineering from UCLA in 2011. UCLA’s website today lists Miselis as a Ph.D. candidate in the engineering department’s hypersonics and computational aero dynamics group. After FRONTLINE and ProPublica began making inquiries about Miselis, the school issued a brief statement saying only that he is technically on leave from the doctoral program. Miselis was clearly prepared for the unrest in Berkeley in the spring of 2017. At the Trump rally he wore protective goggles to ward off pepper spray or tear gas, taped his hands up like a boxer, and wore a gray activewear uniform, as did several other RAM members that day. In video footage reviewed by ProPublica and FRONTLINE, Miselis can be seen fighting alongside other RAM members. The event turned into a multihour street battle pitting Trump supporters, including fascists and extremeright activists, against counterprotesters, some of them militant antifascists. Police made 20 arrests, confiscating knives, pepper spray, a stun gun, an axehandle and many wooden dowel rods, which were used as clubs by participants. At least seven people were transported to the hospital for their injuries. Rundo, RAM’s founder, was arrested and detained for assault on a police officer, but Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O’Malley declined to file charges. ‘‘We determined we didn’t have enough evidence to prove the charges beyond a reasonable doubt,’’ said Teresa Drenick, an Alameda County deputy district attorney. After the Berkeley rally, Miselis traveled across the country to take part in the massive white supremacist convergence in Charlottesville, where his activities were photographed and recorded on video, both by professional journalists and other people equipped with smart phones. At the rally on Aug. 12, pictures taken by photojournalist Jason Andrew show Miselis walking alongside two other RAM members previously identified by ProPublica, Tom Gillen and Ben Daley. At roughly 10 a.m., Miselis and the other RAM members confronted counterprotesters a few steps away from Emancipation Park, where white supremacists had gathered beneath a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. Daley attacked two female counterprotesters, kicking and punching them, a scene captured in video obtained by ProPublica and FRONTLINE. He wrapped both hands around the throat of one woman, throttling her until she fell to the ground, blood seeping from a gash on her temple. The other woman emerged from the incident with a laceration across her forehead. On video, she screams as blood drips across her face. Miselis jumped into the fracas. In addition to FRONTLINE and ProPublica, National Geographic produced video documenting the brawl. A sequence of pictures shot by photojournalist Edu Bayer, who was on assignment for The New York Times, show Miselis hurling what appears to be a can of soda at counterprotesters. In one photo he flexes his biceps muscles in celebration. It’s this sort of street combat that worries the SPLC’s Hankes. In his view, such brazen 
criminal activity should be a red flag for both Northrop Grumman and the Pentagon. ‘‘I can’t believe that participation in an organized white supremacist group focused on streetlevel violence wouldn’t jeopardize your security clearance,’’ Hankes said. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, this gentleman was at Charlottesville speaking loudly, intimidating my fellow alumni and students, having gone to the University of Virginia School of Law. I spoke to the president and officers there, and the students were patently and conspicuously intimidated and frightened. But more importantly, this individual had a security clearance, and he worked for a defense contractor. My amendment would ensure that the American people have strong national security, a strong intelligence community, but individuals who receive a clearance can receive it appropriately and that they themselves will not be a jeopardy to the citizens of the United States. Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee Amendment No. 3, designated as No. 33 on the Rules Committee rosters, amends the Sense of Congress already in the bill on the importance of rereview of security clearances held by individuals by adding consideration of whether the security clearance holder’s association or sympathy with persons or organizations that advocate, threaten, or use force or violence, or any other illegal or unconstitutional means, in an effort to prevent others from exercising their rights under the Constitution or laws of the United States or of any state, on account of race, religion, national origin, disability, or other impermissible factors. Mr. Miselis has a security clearance and worked for Northrup Grumman, a major defense contractor, at the time he engaged in physical violence against persons protesting racism and white supremacy in Charlottesville, Virginia. In May 2018, Northrup Grumman was informed of Mr. Miselis’ membership in RAM and the violent assaults he initiated while he was in Charlottesville participating in activities in support of white supremancy, which were captured on video and in photos. Mr. Miselis worked for a government contractor and held a security clearance authorizing him to work on projects that were of vital interest to our nation and its defense. Northrup Grumman did not dismiss him until the story broke earlier this month with media reports on the violence Mr. Miselis engaged in at white supremacists’ rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia. The violence of RAM members has been a hallmark of the group and its members. The AntiDefamation League describes RAM as a white supremacist group whose members believe they are fighting against a ‘‘modern world’’ corrupted by the ‘‘destructive cultural influences’’ of liberals, Jews, Muslims and nonwhite immigrants. They refer to themselves as the ‘‘premier MMA (mixed martial arts) club of the Alt Right.’’ RAM is characterized as operating like a streetfighting club. Members actively train to do physical battle with their ideological foes, and have been involved in violent clashes during political rallies and demonstrations. RAM members consider themselves to be part of the ‘‘AltRight.’’ RAM’s membership has deep roots in California’s racist skinhead movement, and includes individuals who have faced serious criminal charges, including assault, robbery and weapon offenses. RAM consists of several dozen loosely affiliated neoNazis and racist skinheads who were formerly known as the DIY Division, but rebranded themselves as the Rise Above Movement in the spring of 2017. The FBI has opened an informal investigation into this group because of the violence associated with its members. The United States is a nation of laws, which gives us the freedom to agree and most importantly disagree with not only each other but with our government. But the limitations to the right to disagree can be best described by the ancient wisdom: ‘‘Your right to swing your arms ends just where the other person’s nose begins.’’ There is a limit to the expression of free speech and the freedom to assemble and that limit is violence. The awarding of security clearances to contractors must be better managed and the consequences for involvement in activities that would be cause for dismissal from the armed services or any federal agency should not go unnoticed. This Jackson Lee Amendment is an opportunity to make a clear statement to government contractors that the awarding of contracts that involve the security of our nation should not be taken lightly and that Congress will not tolerate the allocation of federal funds to contractors who employ persons who advocate or participate in acts against persons on account of their race, creed, religious beliefs, or gender who engage in constitutionally protected activities. I ask that my colleagues support this Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 6237. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 2
1⁄4minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄4minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE. This amendment complements other provisions in the bill focused on improving the security clearance process in the Intelligence Committee. Specifically, Ms. JACKSON LEE’s amendment recognizes that an immediate review may be called for when a security clearance holder is reported to have engaged in certain violent acts against individuals, property, or public spaces based on an association or sympathy with persons or organizations seeking to prevent others from exercising their constitutional rights. Such rights include those related to race, religion, national origin, or disability. I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. I am pleased to support it, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, RAM, the group that I have indicated in the letter I submitted for the RECORD , of which the gentleman in the article was a member of, is characterized as operating like a street fighting club. Members actively train to do physical battle with their ideological foes and have been involved in violent clashes during political rallies and demonstrations. RAM members consider themselves a part of the altright. RAM’s membership has deep roots in California, with the Skinheads and other individuals who face serious criminal charges. But more importantly, RAM consists of several dozen loosely affiliated neo Nazi racist Skinheads. It is not an emphasis on that group. This amendment is broadly structured to deal with protecting the security clearance process and the American people. I join with my colleagues in hoping and helping the intelligence community to be able to have the resources for the backlog of thousands and thousands of those seeking security clearance, so that they can be particular and astute to ensure that for the people who receive it, it is a benefit. It is, in essence, a gift. It is an honor to receive a security clearance. The clearance that I and Members of Congress have, we hold with the highest respect and dignity. Therefore, if it is given to anyone, it should be given in that manner. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I will just close by saying that the security clearance process needs a lot of work. So we support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . VARGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 29, line 13, after ‘‘methods’’ insert ‘‘, including the use of virtual currencies,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support my amendment to H.R. 6237. By adding the use of virtual currencies to section 1505, we will ensure it is included in the assessment of threat financing related to Russia. This assessment includes officials of the government of Russia, persons subject to sanctions with respect to Russia, Russian nationals subject to sanction, and Russian oligarchs or organized criminals. Mr. Chairman, as you may know, a virtual currency is a digital representation of value that can be digitally traded. Since the creation of Bitcoin, the first and most widely known example of a cryptocurrency, thousands of cryptocurrencies have emerged that are designed to serve a variety of purposes. Just as virtual currencies have grown in use in legitimate commerce, they have become an increasingly popular financial payment method for criminals and other transnational bad actors. Virtual currencies have been and continue to be exploited to pay for goods and services associated with illicit activities and as an effective tool to launder money or avoid sanctions. If we are to craft effective solutions to combat Russia’s threat finance, we need to fully understand how virtual currencies may be used to finance activities against the United States and our allies, especially NATO. By including the use of virtual currencies in the report, we will ensure a robust analysis that will help us to impede Russian financing of cyber operations. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague, Mr. VARGAS , for yielding, and I support his amendment. I also support this bill more generally because it supports the quiet heroes in our intelligence community. They don’t seek public praise; in fact, they shun it. While others enjoy the limelight, they work hard in the shadows. Section 1511 is a version of legislation I wrote called the POISE Act. I filed it after the President disclosed highly sensitive information to Russian officials at a White House meeting. This information had been entrusted to the U.S. by a key ally. Section 1511, drawing on the POISE Act, says Congress must be notified when a member of the executive branch, including the President, discloses top secret information to an adversary government outside established intelligence channels. As a former specialist at the Department of Defense, I know these disclosures are dangerous because our adversary could use it to harm U.S. interests. Our partners could stop sharing intelligence if they don’t trust us to keep it confidential. The congressional notification requirement will deter irresponsible disclosures and enable Congress to conduct oversight and limit any damage caused by the disclosure. I also wanted to express my disappointment on a matter of national security. Congressman CURBELO and I offered a bipartisan amendment to require the DNI to report to Congress on the national security threat posed by deep fake technology and how the intelligence community will counter it. Deep fake technology is the digital falsification of images, video, and audio to portray an individual as having done or said something he or she didn’t do or say. Senator RUBIO has raised alarms about how foreign intelligence service could use deep fake technology to undermine our Nation’s security and democracy. Frankly, I was dismayed our amendment was not ruled in order, despite being supported by the Intelligence Committee. I know the Rules Committee often makes decisions for reasons unrelated to policy. But the exclusion of this amendment was a serious mistake, and I will look for other ways to ensure our country is prepared for the emerging threat posed by deep fake technology. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Chairman, I would simply then urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. VARGAS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–815. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. b1430 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer my amendment to H.R. 6237, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019. Mr. Chairman, nearly 1 year and 3 months ago today, the North Korean regime announced that it had successfully executed an intercontinental ballistic missile test launch. That announcement raised the real possibility of a North Korean nuclear attack on American soil. President Trump, rightly, has spent much of last year seeking a deal for the 
denuclearization of North Korea. Secretary Pompeo is actively engaged in finding a solution, and Congress should be providing him with all of the resources we can to ensure a solution is meaningful and effective. To prevent advancement of their nuclear weapons program, we need to obtain specific information regarding North Korean revenue sources; however, the U.S. Government does not have a sufficient understanding of this critical question. That is why I have offered this amendment, which is modeled after my North Korea Follow the Money Act. This amendment directs the Director of National Intelligence to produce a National Intelligence Estimate of the revenue sources of North Korea. Any effective agreement between the U.S. and North Korea must consider all of the sources of funding, both legitimate and illegitimate, that have enabled this North Korean regime. I am proud to offer this bipartisan amendment with Representative WAGNER, who has been a longtime partner of mine on this legislation, and I also appreciate Chairman NUNES and his staff and Ranking Member SCHIFF and his staff for working with me on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I am hopeful that we can continue to work together for the security of our Nation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ). Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this amendment, of which I am a proud cosponsor. Nearly 1 year ago, I traveled to Korea, Japan, and China. I visited the DMZ and the Chinese border town of Dandong. I watched as trucks loaded with goods drove across the China Korea Friendship Bridge into North Korea. Mr. Chair, 70 percent of North Korea’s trade passes over that bridge, and it was a stark reminder that, in order to change North Korea’s malign behavior, we need sanctions that undermine the financial networks that keep the Kim regime afloat. Over the past year, the President has taken tremendous steps towards disrupting North Korean cash flows, but we still have an imperfect understanding of where and how North Korea gets its revenue, and our limited knowledge has weakened international sanctions. This amendment would require the Director of National Intelligence to study North Korean financial and trade networks, weapons sales, labor exports, and supply chains to better understand the sources of the regime’s revenue. It would aid the international community in closing gaps in sanctions against North Korea. The report will help us support our diplomats as they seek to restore stability on the Korean Peninsula. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Until we know where the North Korean regime gets its money, we won’t know how much money they have to spend. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and equip Secretary Pompeo with the tools that he needs to act in the best interests of our national security, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
In order to further increase the diversity of the intelligence community workforce, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with heads of elements of the Intelligence Community, shall create, implement, and submit to the congressional intelligence committees a written plan to ensure that rural and underrepresented regions are more fully and consistently represented in such elements’ employment recruitment efforts. Upon receipt of the plan, the congressional committees shall have 60 days to submit comments to the Director of National Intelligence before such plan shall be implemented. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, my staff and I worked with Democratic staff members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and received input from the majority staff to craft what I believe is a commonsense amendment that will increase diversity throughout the intelligence community. Mr. Chair, I just want to depart from my prepared remarks to say a word about the young man who is seated with me, Tony Matthews. It is a good indication of what the Brookings Institution does when they send us fellows from either the Democratic or Republican side, and I am very pleased that he has been with my office and, in many respects, is the author of this amendment. The amendment directs the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to, in consultation with heads of other intelligence community agencies, create and implement a plan that will successfully expand the intelligence community’s recruitment efforts so that rural and underserved regions in the United States are more fully represented in these efforts. It is my belief that this amendment will provide a unique opportunity for the intelligence community agencies to actively join forces in order to broaden their respective recruitment efforts and, by so doing, increase the diversity among their ranks. Although we have seen improvement in some areas—for instance, an increase in minority hiring for fiscal year 2017 over that of fiscal year 2016—we have also seen a disappointing decrease in the percentage of women hired over that same period of time. I believe that we can do better in both metrics, and I think one smart way of doing that is getting agencies to broaden their searches geographically. This country’s strength is born from its dedication to the rule of law, the belief that the best form of government is one that is of the people, by the people, and for the people—and from its diversity. It is time for our intelligence community agencies to more fully commit to reaching all American people in an effort to let them know that inspiring and important work awaits them in the intelligence community. Indeed, by more fully tapping into this diversity, we can be assured of at least one result: the strengthening of our intelligence community. If the intelligence community is to succeed in its global mission, it must have a global force. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the distinguished ranking member with whom I had the pleasure of serving on the Intelligence Committee when I was there some 100 years ago. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. It is a great pleasure to team up with the gentleman again in pursuit of important priorities for the intelligence community and for our committee. 
Enhancing diversity in the intelligence community is a continuing priority for the House and, unfortunately, remains a continuing challenge for the IC. While there are many intelligence professionals who are sincerely working to create a culture of inclusion, they acknowledge that progress is slow. Mr. HASTINGS ’ amendment, together with initiatives championed by committee colleagues, Representatives TERRI SEWELL and A NDRE´CARSON , will help ensure that the Director of National Intelligence increases geographic outreach in IC recruitment efforts. As coordinator of the IC, the DNI and his team are well postured to consolidate the separate recruitment activities of each IC entity into a comprehensive recruitment campaign that reaches every corner of our Nation, especially underserved regions that have had little interaction with the intelligence community. With the DNI’s leadership, smart division of labor among IC agencies, and innovative use of virtual communications vehicles, I am confident that a comprehensive recruitment campaign can cover the Nation more effectively and attract a workforce that is more representative of America. Once again, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. HASTINGS , as well as my HPSCI colleagues for their commitment to diversity, and I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I strongly support this amendment. I think we should expand more capabilities into rural areas and do more recruitment in rural areas. I appreciate this amendment. It has my full support. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my bipartisan amendment to require the Director of National Intelligence to report on Iran’s support for proxy forces in Syria and Lebanon. I thank my colleague from North Carolina, MARKMEADOWS , for his partnership in this endeavor, as well as KYRSTEN SINEMA and N ORMA TORRES  for cosponsoring this amendment. Mr. Chair, Iran’s destabilizing activities in the Middle East are no secret, and, of late, their malign influence has grown dramatically across the region, including in Yemen, Iraq, Lebanon, and Syria. Specifically with respect to Syria, Iran is menacingly working to develop a permanent foothold in the country, increasing the threat to our key allies Jordan and, in particular, Israel. They are also assisting terrorist groups such as Hezbollah in supporting Assad. Battletested Hezbollah fighters are subsequently returning to Lebanon more capable and more dangerous than ever before. Additionally, with assistance from Iran, Lebanese Hezbollah has been able to amass nearly 150,000 rockets and missiles on the border with Israel. This figure is a staggering increase from the, roughly, 15,000 rockets they had in 2006. Iran has exploited several means of transferring weapons to Hezbollah, including by land and by air. Israel has often targeted these transfers to stop the weapons from reaching Lebanon. To eliminate the susceptibility of these transfers to interdiction, Iran is reportedly building missile production facilities in Lebanon to enable indigenous rocketproducing capability for Hezbollah. A domestic missile production capability in Lebanon would enable Hezbollah to more easily continue to build its rocket arsenal not only with more weapons, but more sophisticated, more deadly weapons, and with less reliance on risky transits. That is why I am offering my amendment today, to focus our intelligence community on this urgent threat. A DNI report would help us better understand the extent of Iran’s support for terrorist proxies such as Hezbollah and the threat this support poses to Israel and other U.S. regional allies. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the ranking member. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I am proud to support the amendment offered by Representatives SCHNEIDER , MEADOWS , TORRES , and S INEMA . Mr. Chair, it is imperative that our Intelligence, Armed Services, and Foreign Affairs Committees with oversight of Iran’s role in Syria and Lebanon stay informed of proxy forces operating there and the strategic threat posed to 
Israel, our other allies, and our Nation’s interests in the region. Requiring that the Director of National Intelligence report on areas such as arms transfers from Iran to Hezbollah and other militias, weapons facilities, supply chains, and financial capabilities will help us gain greater understanding of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapon proliferation in the region. I thank my colleagues for offering the amendment. I appreciate Mr. SCHNEIDER ’s leadership on this issue, and I urge the House to support it. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chair, I urge support of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ). The amendment was agreed to. b1445 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . BERA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, as a doctor, I know that understanding and managing infectious diseases is one of the most important parts of our security and our national security. The intelligence community has found that a country’s health is directly linked to their stability and their wellbeing. We are reminded of this every few years through mass pandemics that are not going away. In 2014, we saw the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, and just 2 years ago, we witnessed the Zika outbreak in Central and South America. And, unfortunately, as a doctor, I know we are going to continue to see these and other diseases again and again, and we need to be prepared. So we offer this amendment as a way of getting the intelligence community to help us with that preparedness, to inform us and make sure we are not just protecting lives overseas, but we are also protecting our national interests and our national security. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend from California for his leadership in this very important amendment, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor with him. This amendment would require an intelligence briefing on the anticipated geopolitical effects of emerging infectious diseases and pandemics. These threats have serious implications for the national security of the country. Just ask Director of National Intelligence, Daniel Coats, who earlier this year warned that the increase in the frequency and diversity of reported disease outbreaks probably will continue, including the potential of a severe global health emergency that could lead to major economic and societal disruptions, strain governmental international resources, and increase calls to the United States for support. An outbreak in a remote village can spread to major cities in all six continents in less than 36 hours. Such an event can lead nations to close borders, disrupting the flow of people, goods, and services, and incurring grave economic, social, political, and security costs. Nearly 70 percent of the world’s nations are underprepared to manage and control such outbreaks. These are not just hypotheticals. SARS, for example, spread across four continents, infected 8,100 people, killed more than 700, and cost the global economy $40 billion between February and July of 2003. The Ebola and Zika outbreaks cost the American taxpayers more than $6 billion. Understanding the ability, Mr. Chairman, of affected nations and international organizations to detect and manage infectious diseases and transnational pandemics is a vital step to ensuring an effective response. I urge all of our colleagues to support Mr. BERA’s and my amendment. I thank Mr. BERAfor his leadership. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the ranking member. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. One hundred years ago, the great influenza pandemic, often called the Spanish flu, caused about 50 million deaths worldwide, between 3 to 6 percent of the global population, and far more than the deaths from combat casualties in World War I. Public health officials have warned that we are overdue for another pandemic that will likely spread even more virulently in our globalized world. While global health may not be a topic that leaps to mind when thinking of the roles and missions of the intelligence community, the IC does play a pivotal role in defending us from microscopic threats. The IC’s unique capabilities can be as valuable in combating disease as the other threats we face. During the Ebola crisis, NGA and other IC agencies provided geospatial and other intelligence to health workers battling the outbreak. Ensuring 
that we are prepared for any potential pandemic will be essential to saving American lives. I wholeheartedly support the bipartisan amendment by my colleagues from California, Virginia, and Washington, and I thank them for working with the committee staff to refine and perfect it. Mr. BERA. Mr. Chairman, I have no additional comments, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman and Ranking Member SCHIFF  for all their support and advocacy to make this amendment possible today. Mr. Chairman, just a few weeks ago, DNI Director Dan Coats warned our Nation and the world that ‘‘we continue to see Russian targeting of American society in ways that could affect our midterm elections.’’ It is indisputable that Russia succeeded in meddling in our election in 2016. It is indisputable that their success, with little consequence, will inspire similar attacks in the future. And it is indisputable that our response to these threats has been inadequate. States, cities, and towns have scrambled to secure their own elections without enough guidance and support from our national intelligence community. Voters continue to face a torrent of misinformation online. Candidates for Congress, city council, and school boards race towards November 6 uncertain that they will become Putin’s next target. The multiple Federal agencies that are responsible for our Nation’s response rarely coordinate or receive little guidance from our Nation’s government at the highest levels. Mr. Chairman, this amendment helps to begin to consolidate and concentrate our response to foreign efforts to influence our political processes and elections with one center drawing expertise across all relevant sectors of our government. If anything, our adversaries have grown more confident in their ability to sway our elections and sow discord and dysfunction at every level of our society. Our urgency lies now in one simple truth: Our democracy stands tall when our elections stand secure. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment because those who put ballot boxes in our crosshairs do not ascribe to one political party or the other. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MISS RICE OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 115–815. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 102, after line 13, insert the following: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would require the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of the Treasury to develop and submit a threat assessment report on the use of virtual currencies by terrorist organizations. In the 17 years since the deadliest terrorist attack in American history, the United States has led the global campaign to combat terrorism, thwarting plots and preventing attacks on American soil, identifying and disrupting terrorist networks around the world, hunting down terrorists wherever they hide, and proving that they can and will be brought to justice. We know that the threat of terrorism is not the same as it was 17 years ago. It is a threat that constantly evolves, and we need to evolve with it. We need to evolve ahead of it. That is why I have introduced this amendment. In recent years, we have seen instances in which members of terrorist groups have turned to virtual currencies to finance and support their operations. In 2016, the Foundation for Defense of Democracies investigated a terrorist funding campaign in which a terrorist group in the Gaza Strip received donations through the virtual currency bitcoin. Last year, Indonesian authorities also reported that a Syria 
based Indonesian national with ties to ISIL used virtual currency to fund attacks in Indonesia. Virtual currencies offer highspeed, lowcost financial networks with access to users across the globe. Many also offer their users anonymity, making it difficult for law enforcement to track transactions. These factors have made virtual currencies an increasingly appealing tool for terrorists seeking to circumvent American law enforcement and financial institutions. Research suggests that terrorists’ use of virtual currencies have so far been limited to a handful of instances, but, as terrorist organizations and lonewolf attackers become more technologically sophisticated and virtual currencies become more widely accessible, the conditions are ripe for this threat to significantly increase in a very short period of time. That is why it is critical that we act now to assess and understand this emerging threat. There is no denying it: Virtual currencies have exposed deep vulnerabilities in our counterterrorism efforts, and, unfortunately, right now, our government lacks a comprehensive response and strategy to address this threat. My amendment would direct the Director of National Intelligence and the Treasury Department to report to Congress on how terrorist organizations and state sponsors of terrorism could use virtual currencies to finance terrorism, gaps in Federal and State regulations that could be exploited by terrorists, and recommendations to update regulations to more effectively address these vulnerabilities. Enacting this amendment would give counterterrorism and law enforcement officials at all levels the information and strategies they desperately need to confront this threat headon with 21st century solutions. I want to thank Congressman PETER  KINGfor cosponsoring my amendment. This is a commonsense bipartisan priority, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. BOST). Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for yielding, and I rise in support of the amendment offered by the Representatives from New York, Rice and King. This amendment requires that the Director of National Intelligence, with the Department of the Treasury, submit to Congress a report on the possible exploitation of virtual currencies by terrorist actors, including state sponsors of terrorism. It has long been said that if you wish to uncover the truth about malign activity, then follow the money. This remains true with the development and use of virtual currencies. The IC must always remain one step ahead of our adversaries, and this amendment will help ensure that they continue to do just that. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member SCHIFF for supporting the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for working in a bipartisan manner with a longtime member of our committee, Mr. KING, and I urge passage of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE). The amendment was agreed to. b1500 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . LIPINSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V of division B, add the following new section: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chair and ranking member of the committee for their work on this bill. This bill is very important to help make America more secure. My amendment will help to address the threat of Iran better in this bill. According to the State Department, Iran is the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism. In spite of Iran’s weak economy and U.S.imposed sanctions in response to their support for terrorism, abuse of human rights, and acquisition of prohibited weapons, Iran continues to support violent groups abroad. As our diplomatic and military leaders determine how best to respond to Iran’s ongoing destabilization, they should have a detailed accounting of the amounts spent by Iran to support specific terrorist groups and foreign military. This is especially important in light of the escalating conflict between Israel and Iranbacked forces in Syria, which has only gotten worse in the last couple of days. This information will send a clear message to Iran and our allies that we do not tolerate support of terrorism. In addition, the nonclassified version of this report will shed light on Iran’s behavior for all the world to see. Specifically, my amendment will require an annual report from the Director of National Intelligence, describing Iranian expenditures on military and terrorist activities outside the country, including support for Hezbollah, Houthi rebels in Yemen, Hamas, proxy forces in Iraq and Syria, and any other entity or country the Director determines relevant. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the ranking member of the committee. Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to rise in support of the amendment offered by my colleague from Illinois, Congressman LIPINSKI . This amendment requires that the Director of National Intelligence submit a report to Congress describing spending by Iran on military and terrorist activities outside of the country, including spending to support Hezbollah, Houthi rebels in Yemen, Hamas, and proxy forces elsewhere. The intelligence community rightly remains focused on Iran’s support for malign foreign military and terrorist activities abroad. This amendment helps ensure that Congress has full visibility into the judgments and assessments of the IC 
on Iran’s spending to support these groups, and for that reason I support the amendment. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF for their support of this amendment, and I thank them for their work on this important bipartisan bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for working with our committee to get support from both sides of the aisle for this amendment, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . DAVIDSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 115–815. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title V of division B, add the following new section: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 989, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, today, I offer an amendment that is very straightforward. It simply takes an already existing reporting requirement within the section 702 program and adds an additional layer of congressional oversight. This will ensure that the Judiciary Committee and the Intelligence Committee have insight into how the intelligence community enforces its own internal guidelines for handling sensitive data. Currently, the attorney general provides these committees with semiannual reports about incidents of intelligence community noncompliance with the targeting, minimization, and querying procedures within the 702 program. These are important features that ensure the collection and use of data is solely for targeting dangerous terrorists and does not threaten the Fourth Amendment rights of Americans. However, this report is lacking because it does not describe what, if any, disciplinary actions are taken by agencies in response to noncompliance. My amendment would simply require that this report include information about disciplinary action. For example, was a violation simply flagged for agency records? Or was someone given additional training, disciplinary suspension, termination, or, perhaps, even prosecution? My amendment intends to provide Congress with a highlevel look at how agencies address the incidents they are already reporting on. The privacy safeguards contained in the section 702 program are critical for protecting the constitutional rights of everyday Americans, and, indeed, the high functioning capability of this important program for national security. Congress has the responsibility to make sure agencies are taking steps to mitigate abuse and enforce statutes, guidelines, and court orders relevant to this powerful surveillance tool. This is a commonsense amendment that I have drafted in coordination with the House Intelligence Committee, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. LAMBORN ). Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I think the thing I would emphasize is that it is important for us to understand: A) we should preserve the 702 program; and B) there are some incremental reforms that could make the program high functioning, and also give the American people peace of mind that their Fourth Amendment rights are protected. It is also important for the intelligence community to know that the programs they have are working, and it can send an important message that there are disciplinary actions for those who don’t follow the guidelines. This will give Congress insight into how well that system is functioning and what disciplinary actions, if any, are taken. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I thank all of the Members who offered amendments today. This is a critical piece of legislation, and I look forward to working with the Senate to send this bill to the President. This year’s bill is named after Matthew Young Pollard, who passed away earlier this year while carrying out the work of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Matt was a friend to many on both sides of the aisle of our committee, a dedicated staff member, and a member of the Army National Guard. While his loss is devastating to us, we honor his service to the United States by naming this bill in his memory. I thank the ranking member for his support on this bill, I urge passage of the amendment, and urge passage of H.R. 6237, the Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BOST) having assumed the chair, Mr. LAMBORN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6237) to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 989, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b1515 RECLAMATION TITLE TRANSFER AND NONFEDERAL INFRASTRUCTURE INCENTIVIZATION ACT Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 985, I call up 
the bill (H.R. 3281) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the transfer to nonFederal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3281 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reclamation Title Transfer and NonFederal Infrastructure Incentivization Act’’. 
Effective upon the date of conveyance of any eligible facility pursuant to this Act, the United States shall not be liable for damages of any kind arising out of any act, omission, or occurrence based on its prior ownership or operation of the conveyed property, except for damages caused by acts of negligence committed by the United States or by its employees, agents, or contractors, prior to conveyance. 
After a conveyance under this Act, the entity to which the property is conveyed shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations in its operation of the conveyed property. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 3281. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Today, the House is considering my bipartisan legislation, H.R. 3281, which aims to streamline the process for the transfer of some of the Bureau of Reclamation’s projects to local beneficiaries who have or will repay the Federal investment, and already operate and maintain these projects. Transferring these simple projects, or parts of them, will allow water districts and other local beneficiaries to leverage nonFederal financing through ownership equity while, simultaneously, decreasing Federal liability. During committee consideration of this bill, we heard that the current process is timeconsuming, cumbersome, expensive, and uncertain. This has proven to be a disincentive to many water users who are now rightly asking for and deserving change. However, it wouldn’t be fair to heap all the blame on the agency. Congress has done its fair share, slowing down some of these simple title transfers. Under current practice, every single transfer, regardless of the size or scope, requires congressional authorization. I want to be clear to my colleagues that this legislation does not remove congressional oversight. In fact, this legislation includes a provision offered by Ranking Member HUFFMAN , of the subcommittee, that allows for congressional review of any transfer authorized under this process. Since my bill was introduced, we have seen the administration and the Senate put similar proposals together to achieve the same goals as this legislation that we are considering here today. At the end of the day, my bill provides an optional process that could be used to expedite simple title transfers. Any title transfer can still use the existing process, if the participants prefer. Now, despite what someone might say, this bill does not exempt any action from NEPA, National Environmental Protection Act, or any other environmental mandates. 
To be crystal clear, I want to reiterate that this bipartisan legislation requires that eligible projects comply with and satisfy the NEPA process; any remaining Federal obligation be repaid by the recipient; and that Congress be given a 90day period to review and, if opposed, to pass a resolution of disapproval. The Bureau of Reclamation currently has the authority to transfer any water project that would be authorized under this legislation. My bill simply allows operators of these water projects throughout the West to receive title to the projects they have paid for and are currently maintaining, without subjecting them to having to get an act of Congress. Again, this legislation authorizes an optional process for an expedited process for specific types of transfers. My bill supports local infrastructure and gives local communities the ability to seek private financing, through equity, to improve their vital water infrastructure. This bipartisan legislation is supported by the Family Farm Alliance, Friant Water Authority of California, and the Kennewick Irrigation District of Washington State. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. COSTA , for sponsoring this bill with me, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are debating today is an attempt by my Republican colleagues to approve one part of President Trump’s socalled infrastructure plan. H.R. 3281 would enact a proposal from the Trump infrastructure plan that approves the de facto privatization of some of the public’s most important water infrastructure, without safeguards to protect the American taxpayer or our natural heritage. Now, you may remember, Mr. Speaker, that the Trump infrastructure plan that was transmitted to Congress in February focuses much of its attention on giving away the public’s infrastructure to private interests. For example, the Trump plan calls for privatizing Western electricity infrastructure, the Dulles International Airport, the Washington Aqueduct, the George Washington and Baltimore Washington Parkways, and much of the Tennessee Valley Authority. This Trump yard sale of critical public infrastructure would raise consumer costs and would enrich private interests, all while providing no meaningful funding for muchneeded public infrastructure development. Now, when it comes to the management of our public infrastructure, it is clear that this administration and this Republican Congress would simply rather sell it off than fix it. So today, we have before us the proposal to dole out much of the public water infrastructure owned by the United States, with virtually no strings attached. Mr. Speaker, this may be how Mr. Trump liquidates real estate during one of his infamous bankruptcies, but it is no way to manage public infrastructure. Now, the Bureau of Reclamation owns some of the most important public water infrastructure in America, including hundreds of dams, canals, and other associated infrastructure. Reclamation’s infrastructure helps deliver water to tens of millions of people, and it serves numerous stakeholders, including municipal and industrial water users, farmers, Tribes, fishermen, and environmental and recreational interests. H.R. 3281 irresponsibly gives the Secretary of the Interior new authority to transfer title, which is another term for relinquishing ownership, to a broad range of reclamation water projects. Now, this bill’s proponents have claimed that it only expedites the relinquishment of small and easy projects that the Federal Government should no longer own. I wish that were the case. Mr. Speaker, if that were actually the case, we would have a bipartisan bill, and I would be standing here in support of it, because I have supported title transfers for select, noncontroversial projects when it made sense for taxpayers and the public. In cases of canals and waterworks that don’t affect water operations and diversions, and where there is no significant opposition from Tribes or downstream users, it does make sense, to me, for Congress to give the executive branch some leeway to dispose of these facilities, as long as appropriate safeguards are in place. Unfortunately, the bill before us allows this administration to unilaterally relinquish ownership of a very broad range of public water projects without appropriate safeguards that should be there to make sure taxpayers and other stakeholders are protected. In fact, this bill is written so broadly that it would allow the Secretary of the Interior to hand over multipurpose water projects that have no business being owned by one water user. Now, the fact is, many of Reclamation’s water projects need to be operated in a manner that balances difficult, conflicting interests. Giving up ownership and control of that project, handing it over to a single water user will, in some cases, result in significant harm to the many other interests who have a stake in the operation of Federal water projects. I am also sorry to say that this bill is a bad deal for taxpayers. It allows the Secretary of the Interior to hand over publicly owned infrastructure and other Federal assets to private interests without appropriate taxpayer compensation. For example, it fails to require that taxpayers be compensated for the loss of publicly owned lands and mineral interests. And whenever the Federal Government gives away Federal assets, we should ensure that taxpayers who paid for these assets are properly compensated. This bill utterly fails on that score. I must also point out that H.R. 3281 unwisely removes longstanding and necessary congressional oversight for an overly broad range of projects. Under existing law, Congress has responsibility to oversee and approve the transfer of Federal water projects to ensure that transfers are in the public interest. This bill eliminates Congress’ current oversight and approval authority for a host of projects that deserve scrutiny before they are given away—not after, but before they are given away. Congress should think twice before it surrenders power and lets this administration irresponsibly give away the public’s infrastructure. Before closing, I should also note that this bill is rightfully opposed by numerous conservation organizations, including the Sierra Club, Natural Resources Defense Council, Defenders of Wildlife, and many others. Conservationminded Americans oppose this bill because transferring ownership of Federal water projects to non Federal operators will frequently mean less protection for the environment. That is because nonFederal water projects often don’t have to be operated with the same environmental protections that apply to water projects operated, owned by Federal agencies. For example, projects operated by Federal agencies must comply with certain provisions in section 7 of the Endangered Species Act. Those same requirements would no longer apply if a water project was operated by a non Federal entity. For all these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I request a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I think I may have heard, and I think it could be a misstatement to say, that this could have been a bipartisan bill. It is a bipartisan bill. Now, it may not be unanimous, but it is a bipartisan bill. And for that, I am glad. I also thought I heard an emotional criticism of President Donald Trump. This was an idea first proposed by Vice President Al Gore during the Clinton administration in the 1990s, so it is not a new idea, by any means. This is an idea that has been around for a while; Congress just hasn’t acted on it. We are using the same old, casebycase basis of doing transfers, which is cumbersome and works a hardship on the local people and communities out in the West. Now, for the allegation that this in some way shortchanges the taxpayer, that is simply not true. I don’t call it a giveaway when someone gets title to something they have already paid for. When my colleague goes to the car lot and buys a car and they give him a 
car, that is not a giveaway; he has paid for that. He should receive title. He should receive ownership. Facilities eligible for transfer under this process would be subject to an agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation that would require these projects to be fully paid off, based on the fair market value of any outstanding obligation to the taxpayers. That is in the language of the bill. The bill specifically requires a qualifying entity to repay any outstanding obligation to the Federal Government and compensate the U.S. for any other income stream derived from the transferred facilities. Furthermore, Congress routinely authorized title transfers that have already met many of the standards and financial safeguards established by this legislation. There is nothing new here. All the bill does is gets Congress out of the way, and it removes a layer of bureaucracy. In reality, any title transfers conducted under the authorities of this act would relieve the American taxpayer of associated liability, so it is a service to the taxpayers when they don’t have to have liability for an already paidoff project that the local community takes over and assumes responsibility for. In short, title transfers are already designed to recoup taxpayer investment, and this bill would further protect the longterm financial interests of the public. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I rise to support this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I remember very clearly when President Clinton asked Vice President Gore to conduct an effort to reorganize government at the Federal level, to make it more efficient, to look for ways in which we could cut down on bureaucratic red tape and to try to find other efficiencies that exist. This was but one of many recommendations that Vice President Gore and his group came up with. Mr. Speaker, the success of the Bureau of Reclamation to convert portions of the arid West into the largest and most advanced agricultural economy in the world cannot be overstated. Nowhere is that more evident than in California’s San Joaquin Valley, the most productive agriculture region in the world. We grow 60 percent of the Nation’s fruits and vegetables, healthy diet, good nutritional food for America’s dinner table, besides leading in so many other commodities that we grow. As a matter of fact, it helps the balance of payments. California’s agricultural economy, 44 percent of it, is part of our international trade. It would not be possible, though, without the complex and wellplanned set of dams, canals, and other structures that have operated successfully for generations—generations. However, over time, the aging infrastructure needs to be repaired. It needs to be updated. Many of the reclamation projects, when they were originally authorized by Congress and the funds were appropriated, were intended to be turned over to local districts to operate once the projects were repaid, and that is an important caveat. Clearly, there was a requirement in the authorization that these projects be repaid, and many of these projects around the country are in various states of being repaid. b1530 After the project’s operation and maintenance responsibilities have been fully transferred, the actual ownership would then be transferred as well. The transfer of title to local operators, I think, has numerous benefits to water users and to the taxpayers. It can reduce paperwork, staff time—both at the Federal and local levels—reduce Federal backlog of infrastructure repair projects, and help improve the environment for public safety because, yes, the environmental laws would still be in place. I can tell you, in California, our environmental laws are stronger than at the Federal level, so I don’t believe that is truly an issue. And, frankly, we know what the status of our debt in this country is, and we know that so many of our departments and agencies—and in the case of Federal reclamation projects, there is not sufficient funding to do the repair and maintenance that is necessary. It is just very simple: The money is not there, and yet these aging projects are continuing to try to operate as best they can. A transfer can also provide more flexibility to finance local upgrades and repairs because it provides an asset to be used as collateral. When we passed the settlement agreement from the Friant water users, as an example, with the NRDC, part of the caveat was that Friant water users would be able to repair the FriantKern Canal. Keeping water facilities in good condition, particularly those that recharge groundwater, is critical not only to the San Joaquin Valley that I represent that grows this abundant and incredible cornucopia of food that is on America’s dinner table every night, but today there are large sections of the FriantKern Canal that stretch from the Friant Dam all the way down to Bakersfield that have less than 60 percent of their capacity to move water through. So last year, when we had an abundance of water, almost 200 percent above average, that water could have been used to recharge the groundwater in parts of Tulare and Kern Counties. But because we couldn’t move the water through that portion that has subsided, that has cracked, and that is badly in need of repair, we were not able to move the water that the facility initially had capacity to move. That is one example. There are any other examples. Importantly, a title transfer does not ultimately change the way facilities are operated; it just doesn’t. Since 1995, the Bureau of Reclamation, working with interested stakeholders, has worked to improve the title transfer process. But I believe it is very important to note that, however, specific congressional authorization— which this legislation attempts to provide some authorization—is still needed to transfer the title of any facility, no matter how small, unless a separate administrative process is established by law to allow the transfer of such ownership. That is what this legislation attempts to do. This legislation, therefore, creates an administrative process while maintaining the ability of Congress to have the final word, and that is to disapprove of any proposed transfer by passing a resolution of disapproval. So if the Secretary, in fact, worked such an agreement, moves forward with a transfer of the title, and Congress says, ‘‘No, we want to determine these on a casebycase basis,’’ this legislation will allow that to happen. It gives Congress the final word. And a NEPAlike process must be a part of that administrative effort to, in fact, successfully transfer the title. So it has got to be repaid; you have to have a NEPAlike process; and—guess what—Congress has the final word. This legislation would significantly streamline the title transfer process, divest the Federal Government of unnecessary liability, and allow these projects to run, I think, more effectively and with better outcomes when local water districts that are publicly owned, that have their own elected boards, have their own fiduciary responsibility to provide water to the area they serve, to make good, costeffective decisions on behalf of the water interests that they serve, whether they be farmers or whether they be communities. And it is all of the above. So this legislation is supported by many organizations, it is bipartisan, and I thank the author of the legislation for helping facilitate legislation that will allow reclamation to improve a title transfer process, which is not a new idea. It goes back to the Clinton administration. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I support this legislation, I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it has been brought up that Vice President Al Gore proposed, in certain instances, that title transfer might make sense. That is correct. But I have also acknowledged that I, myself, have proposed that, in appropriate circumstances, title transfers can make sense. They can be good for water users, for the taxpayers, and for other users as long as the right safeguards are in place. 
What we are really talking about here, though, is a bill that fails to work in that narrowly tailored space that Al Gore and myself and others have been willing to work. This bill does not include those safeguards. This bill would not be limited to small, noncontroversial projects. It could apply to very large multiuse projects, and it could apply to those projects in ways that do not include safeguards to protect other stakeholders and other interests. That is why we disagree on this point. Now, it has also been argued that because water districts have repaid the Federal Government through water rates, somehow, that effectively means they should have an entitlement to transfer of these facilities. A couple points need to be emphasized here. First, under reclamation law, water districts generally only pay a fraction of the total cost to construct reclamation water projects. The rest of these costs have been borne by taxpayers because the projects were deemed to have public benefits, such as fish and wildlife enhancement and recreation. Given the billions spent by taxpayers on reclamation projects, it is appropriate for the public to maintain ownership of projects, especially in cases where title transfer could result in operational changes that jeopardize those public benefits for which the public has borne the cost. Now, project construction costs that are borne by water districts are further reduced by various taxpayer subsidies that should be part of the equation, including federally subsidized, zerointerest financing, power subsidies, and writeoffs of debt owed to taxpayers that are deemed beyond a water district’s ‘‘ability to pay’’ under reclamation law. And then, finally, it is important to note that even water districts who pay for this water over time, they still don’t pay for any land that might be appurtenant to these facilities. That land, under this bill, would go along with the title transfer, and so would the mineral rights underneath that land. These would be essentially bonus subsidies, potentially, to these water districts without proper compensation to the U.S. taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, for all these reasons, we need to insist on the safeguards that I and others, when we worked on this issue, have proposed and that are so lacking, unfortunately, in this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I would disagree that we have not put in safeguards. We put in a safeguard that my colleague who just spoke offered in committee. He offered an amendment, and we adopted it in the spirit of fair play and bipartisanship, that Congress be given a 90day notice if there ever were to be a transfer that we objected to, and we could do a resolution of disapproval, stopping that transfer. If something was wrong in the transaction, it was too big, multiuse, or whatever, we have a way to stop that. That was the amendment that my colleague offered, and we adopted that. So we have built in safeguards. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), who is an expert on many water issues in the West. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding me some time this afternoon. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3281, the Reclamation Title Transfer and NonFederal Infrastructure Incentivization Act, which is offered by my friend from Colorado, Chairman LAMBORN . This legislation brings commonsense streamlining efforts to the Bureau or Reclamation to transfer Federal water projects to local water entities like irrigation districts and local water user associations. Reclamation, or BOR, is the Nation’s largest wholesale water supplier, providing one out of five Western farmers with irrigation water for over 10 million farmland acres that produce 60 percent of the Nation’s vegetables and a quarter of its fresh fruit crops. These projects in water districts are vital to my district in central Washington, where we grow over 300 different crops, including the iconic Washington apple—hopefully, you have enjoyed some of those—or Washington cherries, potatoes, and threequarters of the Nation’s hops production. Reclamation’s assets in Washington include 16 dams, three hydropower stations, four major water projects, and miles and miles of canals, which deliver water to the end users. There are currently two water districts in central Washington seeking title to sections of Federal water projects—the Kennewick Irrigation District, the KID, and the Greater Wenatchee Irrigation District—both of which, for many years, have managed and maintained these important water delivery systems. Now, this legislation would provide a streamlined process to transfer reclamation facilities to those local entities, which includes a number of benefits for the water users, but also a number of benefits to the Federal Government. This streamlined process can reduce regulatory burden at the local and the State and Federal levels by cutting unnecessary paperwork and reducing staff time at all levels of government. Additionally, through this process, local districts can take full control of these projects, which they already maintain and manage. By authorizing this streamlining process, local districts can leverage private financing through their ownership, which further reduces the Federal Government’s spending and backlog of repairing and upgrading these projects. Mr. Speaker, this legislation provides a winwin solution for the Federal Government and for the water users. These projects have been in place for many years, but Reclamation has been inundated and overwhelmed by some of the needs for a growing population and for water users. Local communities need this support. Mr. Speaker, I was speaking with some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle just yesterday about this legislation, and they shared with me that they were worried that this was simply the privatization of Federal water projects and properties within Reclamation, but this is just not the case. This legislation simply allows the Department of the Interior to convey certain projects or facilities to these local entities, like irrigation districts, Indian Tribes, or State and local municipalities. This has nothing to do with selling off water assets to corporations. Additionally, the entity receiving the assets must use them for the same purposes as intended by Reclamation. The transfer cannot have a significant effect on the environment, and the receiving entity must agree to provide the Federal Government with the equivalent present value of any repayment obligations. Mr. Speaker, this legislation streamlines water uses for local communities while reducing government waste and burdensome regulations. It is simply a winwin for the American people. I look forward to voting in support of this legislation, and I encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, on my friend’s point about privatization, let me just clarify that, in many cases, water districts, certainly many of those in California and many of those that serve agricultural interests in the Central Valley, are comprised and governed by private agribusiness owners and private landowners. They elect the board. They set the agenda. Further, by the terms of this bill, it allows transfer to joint power entities which, under California law, at least— I would suspect, the laws of other States as well—can include nonpublic agency entities. So I believe the concern about privatization is certainly valid in this case. Now, the gentleman from California has mentioned the fact that one of the safeguards in legislation that I have proposed has been included in this bill. I am grateful for that. But the back end protection of the possibility of a joint resolution coming out of Congress within a certain period of time, while not insignificant, is pretty hard to actually achieve in a slowmoving Congress. Far more important are the other safeguards that were in my legislation on the front end of the process, including safeguards that were intended to ensure that bigger multiuse, more controversial, more public benefitoriented 
projects would not be subject to this type of authority by the executive branch. b1545 Those frontend protections are important, and the most important of them, of course, is that for those type of projects, Congress would retain projectbyproject approval authority, and not cede it to the executive branch. In effect, my bill included a belt and two suspenders. At best, the bill from my friend from Colorado includes one suspender and nothing else. So we disagree on the adequacy of these safeguards. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in response, I would just point out that the amendment that we adopted in committee giving Congress the ability to, within 90 days, do a resolution of disapproval on any one of these transfers that we have a problem with, was offered by my colleague. It was his language. So it is something that I think he should approve of. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California has 19 minutes remaining. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO). Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, it is hard for many people to understand how important water is in the West, what a precious resource it is in the West, and how complicated the issues regarding water are. In the case of the Bureau of Reclamation, 140,000 Western farmers, one in five who get irrigation water, get it through 8,000 miles of canals through the Bureau of Reclamation. 500 dams run by the Bureau of Reclamation ensure flood control for tens of thousands of Westerners—millions, actually—and it also provides water for residential, municipal, and industrial use, serving 31 million people. This is not something to be lightly tampered with with the privatization agenda of this administration. Now remember, we were going to have on the State of the Union day a $1.5 trillion infrastructure plan. Where is it? It doesn’t exist. In fact, they haven’t put forward one penny. In fact, they have proposed to cut funding for infrastructure in the President’s budget. But they want to come up with little things so that they can say, oh, look, we are promoting infrastructure here. We are going to sell off Federal assets to who knows who—private entities, foreign entities, anybody who wants them. Remember Enron and energy deregulation? The next big thing was going to be water. That is what they were going to get into. They were going to control and manipulate water supplies to drive up the prices. Well, this bill offers the prospect of someone like an Enron to get hold of public assets today—Bureau of Reclamation, a Federal asset—and its water resources. And then what happens? Well, that is an awfully big question mark. What would happen after a private entity takes over what was formerly being run in the public interest with allocation among competing users? We might just have a new competition. If anybody remembers that movie—I can’t remember the name right now about Los Angeles and Owens Valley and all of the shenanigans they did—‘‘Chinatown.’’ That is it. We could have a 21st century version of ‘‘Chinatown’’ involving private interests, or municipal interests, or foreign interests getting control of our water. The gentleman from Colorado says, oh, no. Congress can act after this administration has arbitrarily entered into an agreement to sell off public assets, water assets, the Bureau of Reclamation, Congress can act to stop it. Anybody heard of the United States Senate? Tell me, what are you going to get them to do in 90 days? Could you wake them from their nap? I don’t think so. I mean, yeah, maybe in the House— particularly if the Democrats were in charge—we could stop some really bad privatization proposals by the Trump administration of these precious water resources in the Western United States. We could do it within 90 days. Heck, we can do it in quick time. Not the Senate. It is subject to a filibuster, so any one person could block Congress from acting. So that is not a safeguard. That is about the flimsiest, phoniest, and most transparent of nonsafeguard safeguard I have ever seen. So why would we trust this administration with the most precious asset that many of us have in the Western United States—particularly this year, it has been so dry—which is our water resources, and then when the winters come, our floodcontrol resources? Why would we want private entities to control those things? You want us to shut the floodgates and stop your house from—well, that is going to cost you if you want us to retain that water up here, because that wasn’t in our plan. So if you want some flood control, that will cost you X. Oh, your fields have gone dry and you want us to do some release from the full reservoir that we control? It is our water. Well, that is going to cost you. It is going to cost you a lot, because it isn’t going to rain for another 2 months, if you want to save your crops. This is a colossally bad idea and it should die here today. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, first of all, disagree with the characterization of the safeguard that Mr. HUFFMAN put into the bill as being flimsy and phony. I think what Mr. HUFFMAN proposed was legitimate. This legislation also includes other multiple provisions to ensure that stakeholders are consulted and protected throughout the title transfer process. The bill requires that operations in use must remain consistent after transfer of title. An entity seeking title transfer must sign a written agreement with the Secretary in full consultation with any existing water or power customer affected by the transfer. Transfers must be consistent with the Secretary’s responsibility to protect land and water resources held in trust for a federally recognized Tribe, and no conveyance under the act may adversely impact power rates or repayment obligations. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Colorado. So let’s talk about this Huffman safeguard that has been discussed most recently. It is a perfectly good piece of a safeguard framework, if it is accompanied by all of the other pieces that went with it and that are designed to go with it. And that included all of the frontend protections that were part of the legislation I had proposed, but which my Republican colleagues did not include in their bill, to make sure that only the right kind of projects— not the controversial ones—were subject to this new grant of authority to the executive branch. That is what this is all about. Simply tacking on one safeguard, which, frankly, was the flimsiest of them all to begin with, doesn’t come anywhere close to addressing the problem. As I have said, instead of a belt and suspenders, it is a single suspender—a perfectly good suspender, but try walking around with one suspender all day long and you will find it not very adequate. This bill recklessly authorizes the de facto privatization of public infrastructure. It fails to protect interests of numerous stakeholders, including American taxpayers, Tribes, fishing groups, environmental and recreational interests, and, finally, it comes from the bankrupt Trump infrastructure plan that reflects this administration’s failed privatization philosophy. The public deserves a real infrastructure plan, not a shell game that simply gives away and privatizes existing public infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that my bill was introduced way before any Trump infrastructure plan bill was introduced. 
And, secondly, the idea in this bill comes from the Clinton administration from 20–25 years ago. It was part of Al Gore’s reinventing government initiative. So it has a bipartisan history that goes back decades. Emotional diatribes against the President, I think, are not germane to what this bill is really all about. I would like to conclude, Mr. Speaker, by pointing out that this also has strong environmental protections. In no way is any environmental law eroded, and it does not allow those who wish to pursue title transfer to do so unless they adhere to Federal environmental statutes. Section 5 of the bill simply states that the Secretary develop a categorical exclusion process consistent with NEPA. This section is in no way a NEPA waiver, nor is it a congressionally mandated categorical exclusion. This provision simply requires the Secretary to develop a checklist so that the agency can quickly identify any possible conflicts with the Endangered Species Act or any other environmental factors that need to be addressed in the NEPA process. Section 8 of the bill specifically states that after conveyance into this act, the receiving entity must still comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations. Finally, I think it is worth noting two additional criteria set forth in this legislation. The transfer must not have an unmitigated, significant effect on the environment, and the receiving entity must operate the property consistent with current operations under the Bureau of Reclamation. So any thought that there is an evasion of environmental protections is simply false. At this point, I would urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. There are plenty of good safeguards that are put into place on a bipartisan level. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation with decades of support from both parties. I would urge my colleagues to adopt H.R. 3281, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 985, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. HUFFMAN. I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
The Secretary may not relinquish ownership of an eligible facility to a qualifying entity if the entity employed the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the Interior as a federally registered lobbyist within the past 3 years. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, this is the part where I give the usual stipulation that this is the final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. This amendment is simple. The underlying bill allows the Department of the Interior to dole out publicly owned infrastructure and other public assets to water districts. My amendment simply says, the Department of the Interior can’t give away public assets to a water district if that district has employed the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary of the Interior as a lobbyist in the previous 3 years. Put another way, the Secretary and Deputy Secretary can’t give away public infrastructure to those who recently signed their lobbying paychecks. It should go without saying that this basic ethics requirement is needed, particularly in this administration, where conflicts of interest and corruption run so rampant. The Department of the Interior has been mired in scandals. The Interior Secretary’s actions have triggered at least 10 government investigations. It was also recently revealed that the Secretary and/or his family, are currently in a business partnership to develop a former industrial site with the chairman of the energy company, Halliburton. Halliburton, of course, has a lot of business pending before the Department of the Interior. This is an outrageous conflict of interest, and demonstrates how hollow the President’s pledge to drain the swamp has been. Further, Mr. Speaker, Interior Deputy Secretary Bernhardt, the number two official at the agency, was most recently employed as a Federal lobbyist and had a long list of clients with business before the Department, including clients who stand to gain with the passage of this bill by taking ownership of public infrastructure. We must not allow such blatant conflicts to stand. b1600 It is time for Congress to exercise some oversight over this administration and install some basic rules of accountability and ethics. If my Republican colleagues are serious about exercising their oversight responsibilities, they will support my amendment. It simply makes sure that the public’s assets cannot be given away to big business and narrow special interests if those same interests employed agency leadership in the past 3 years. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LAMBORN. This motion, Mr. Speaker, is just a procedural gimmick to delay passage of this important bipartisan legislation. If the amendment made by this motion was of critical importance to the minority, they could have offered this as an amendment when the Natural Resources Committee marked up the bill or filed this amendment with the Rules Committee. They did not in either case. This bill is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that supports local infrastructure and gives local communities the ability to seek private financing through equity to improve local, vital water infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of the motion to recommit, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
b1645 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) at 4 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 233, noes 184, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Cheney Ellison Hanabusa Harper Issa Kustoff (TN) Moulton Perlmutter Speier Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today in memory of Ensign Sarah Mitchell, a naval officer serving on Active Duty who passed away on July 8 due to injuries sustained in a training accident in Aqaba, Jordan. Sarah was raised in Feasterville, Pennsylvania, and attended Lower Southampton Elementary School and Poquessing Middle School before attending Neshaminy High School in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. While at Neshaminy, Sarah excelled in the classroom, as well as being a member of the school’s field hockey team, basketball team, and track and field team. Lisa Pennington, Sarah’s field hockey coach, described her as the person you would always remember as smiling and working hard to be successful. Upon graduation from Neshaminy High School, Sarah attended and graduated from Virginia Tech University, where she was a member of the Corps of Cadets. Regarded as an exceptional student athlete and member of our community, Sarah’s decision to serve our Nation came as no surprise to those who knew her best. Her longtime friend Emily Curtin had these amazing words about Sarah in our local paper, the Bucks County Courier Times: ‘‘She was fearless in the pursuit of everything she wanted, never settling for less. Sarah never left anyone behind. Sarah’s loyalty to her family, fiance, friends, and country was undeniable. She carried the burdens of others and helped every person’’ she encountered who was in need. Mr. Speaker, may all of us use the legacy Sarah left us as a guide to live in a way that exemplifies patriotism and courage. We send our deepest condolences to Sarah’s fiance, Dave Collins; her parents, Jack and Betsy; her siblings, Kevin, Kristy, John, and Jillian. Mr. Speaker, I ask our colleagues to join us in a moment of silence for Ensign Sarah Mitchell, an American hero. 
A TAX REFORM SUCCESS STORY (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring your attention to yet another success story from tax reform. A constituent of mine who is the founder and owner of All Pro Solutions, a small business in South Carolina, has benefited greatly from tax reform. Tibi contacted my office with his recent success story, and he cannot downplay the positive impact he has seen. All Pro Solutions is a digital archiving company of 10 employees, so they are in no way a big corporation. As a result of tax reform being signed into law, All Pro Solutions has been able to buy extra and newer equipment. They have already seen an increase in sales. They are now expanding their archiving work, and they will soon be hiring two more employees due to these wonderful circumstances. His story proves that these tax cuts were for everyone. They are working on a local level, and these tax cuts are beneficial to all and working on a national level. f 
OPPOSING ADMINISTRATION PLANS TO ROB RYAN WHITE HIV/ AIDS PROGRAM FUNDS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the vast majority of people in our country oppose the Trump administration’s cruel policy of jailing immigrant children. This administration is rotten to the core. Just yesterday, news broke that the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Refugee Resettlement is preparing for possibly another surge of families to separate. They are planning for the possible detention of thousands more children, even though the office doesn’t have enough money to take care of these children. So what is the administration’s plan for covering the cost of jailing children? According to internal documents obtained by reporters, HHS plans to pay for the child separation by robbing funds from the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program. In fact, HHS is already moving money out of the Ryan White program. Mr. Speaker, this administration is wicked. Stealing from the underinsured and the uninsured people living with HIV in order to put children in jail is outrageous. Congress needs to step up and protect the Ryan White program and end child detention. 
WHERE IS THE HEART IN THIS ADMINISTRATION (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I will be returning to the House Judiciary Committee. We have been there for more than 8 hours, maybe 11 hours, with Peter Strzok, an FBI agent who has been vindicated by the inspector general regarding the Hillary Clinton emails, which were found to have no effect on any violation or any criminal violation, but yet Republicans have continued over and over again to hold these hearings without addressing the question of jailed children snatched from their families. Today, we understand that Health and Human Services is holding back the reunification of some of these babies under 5 to their moms and their dads on the basis of unrelatable or unnecessary predicaments of these parents, where they have been incarcerated for misdemeanors regarding immigration. This is the administration that really has no caring and no love for people. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the World Health Organization had the delegation from this Nation, not representing me, fight a country that was trying to support breastfeeding, and they wanted to condemn Ecuador for a resolution supporting breastfeeding for mothers around the world. What are we coming to? Where is the heart in this administration? f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SUSAN SMITH (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Susan Smith. Susan attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Susan was a wife and a mother of two. She worked as an office manager at Vista Fundamental Elementary School in Simi Valley, California. Susan loved traveling, scrapbooking, and documenting countless memories for her family. Susan had a contagious laugh and a great sense of humor. She was patient, strong, and kind. Susan is remembered for her love of her family, her drive, and the beautiful way she treated others. Mr. Speaker, I extend my condolences to Susan Smith’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL DAY OF CIVILITY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the special day that today is. It is the National Day of Civility, #nationaldayofcivility. I wanted to recognize this day because last year, as a freshman Member, 
even before we were sworn in, my freshman colleagues and I were stuck in Williamsburg in a snowstorm. When we were stuck together, we decided to come up with a new course for our class and a new initiative called the Commitment to Civility—thanks to my colleagues, MIKEJOHNSON especially, for this brainchild. From that day forward, we all agreed, and all of us except, I think, I believe three Members on the Democratic side, signed this with the hope of us finding a different course, finding some more civility and some more work across the aisle. To this day, I have tried to live up to that commitment. Every bill that I have introduced that is originally sponsored, I have done with the bipartisan support of my Democratic colleagues. We have endeavored to work together on a number of initiatives, whether it is soliciting advice from other committees or the President or any kind of letter to the agencies that we represent. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say thank you to all my colleagues who signed this and who continue to live up to our commitment to civility. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in encouraging that H. Res. 400, Creating a National Day of Civility, be recognized. 
b1745 COVERAGE OF PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, President Trump, along with his Republican choir here in Congress, is sabotaging your healthcare. First, his administration put hurdles to enrollment by slashing outreach for insurance signup efforts, and then he just announced he was slashing navigator funding. Now the administration cut off key payments to insurers that helped stabilize insurance markets. This Republican Congress repealed the requirement that everyone have insurance, which puts further strains on costs in the healthcare system. Meanwhile, Republicans in States across our Union are urging Federal courts to rule health protections for 130 million people with preexisting conditions unconstitutional. Ohioans are staring down an 8 percent increase in premiums for 2019, and what is the Trump administration doing? Sabotaging people’s healthcare. His Supreme Court nominee has now questioned the constitutionality of key elements of coverage in the Affordable Care Act. There are bipartisan solutions to help Americans facing the daunting task of paying rising healthcare costs. This Congress must choose people over the profits of big pharmaceutical insurance companies. Human lives hang in the balance. MR. TRUMP SHOULD TESTIFY (Mr. SHERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, Robert Mueller is conducting a criminal investigation. Mr. Trump’s attorney doesn’t want him to testify. Rudy Giuliani has taken three outrageous positions: He has claimed that Mr. Trump doesn’t have to testify if he doesn’t think the prosecutor has a good basis for the investigation; that Mr. Trump doesn’t have to testify if he doesn’t think the prosecutor is being objective; and that Mr. Trump doesn’t have to testify if the prosecutor doesn’t already have sufficient evidence of a crime. On this poster is a picture of Mr. Al Capone. He was forced to testify before a grand jury. Mr. Capone didn’t think that there was a basis for that investigation, and Mr. Capone didn’t think that the prosecutor was objective. But he testified under oath, as did President Bill Clinton, because no one is above the law. No one is immune from a subpoena, not Mr. Al Capone, not Mr. Donald Trump. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. TENNEY ). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
CONTINUING RESOLUTIONS HURT THE MILITARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. TAYLOR ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, we are here tonight to speak about how, for far too long, Congress has passed continuing resolutions that have devastating effects on our military and national security apparatus. They have hurt our maintenance, readiness, training, and contracting, causing a cascading and negative effect in extending our deployment schedules, which hurt our strong military families, who are the very foundation of our force. Indeed, Secretary Mattis said in January 2018: 
As hard as the last 16 years have been, no enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of the U.S. military than the combined impact of the Budget Control Act’s defense spending cuts and operating under continuing resolutions. 
Madam Speaker, Congress has passed continuing resolutions for 9 out of the past 10 years. I will say, Madam Speaker, that I am encouraged, skeptical, and hopeful that Congress will move toward regular order this year and forego a continuing resolution for the defense of this Nation later this year: encouraged, because the Senate has expressed they will take up defense appropriations and move it to the floor for the first time in years; skeptical, because I am a realist, and they will attach another bill to it, which will make it tougher to get passed; hopeful, because I am an optimist. We all know it is the right thing to do, and we are pushing to make it happen. Madam Speaker, I have the great honor of representing the district with more military and veterans than anywhere in the Nation. If anything is going on in the world, our men and women are there on the front lines, fighting for families, fighting for friends, fighting for freedom. We, in Congress, owe them better. We must do better. We must get our acts together and lead with the courage and the spirit of our Nation, and the courage and spirit of those men and women in uniform who stand watch for us every single day. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). Mr. HUNTER. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his service. If you don’t know, SCOTT TAYLOR enlisted in the Navy SEALs in 1997, got out, and then went back to Iraq in 2005. In Ramadi, as a Navy SEAL sniper, he was injured. And here he is now. I thank the gentleman for doing this. Like all or most Navy SEALs, the gentleman does great when the camera is on him. As a Congressman, the camera is always on him, so he does very well in this job. I would like to bring up one point that really struck me, because of the Budget Control Act and the continuing resolutions. The former Speaker of the House, when we passed this 9 years ago, looked us in the eye and said: This will never pass. It is too horrible. This will never happen. It is too horrible for the military. It hurts it too badly. That is what the former Speaker of the House said. When he looked the Armed Services Committee in the eye and told them that, a lot of the Members proceeded to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Budget Control Act, and that put us where we are now. Let me tell you where the Budget Control Act has put us. In 2017, you had about 80 servicemembers die in training. That doesn’t include drunk driving or falling off a cliff. But in training in the United States, all four branches of service, you had more than 80 servicemembers die last year just training. You had 21 servicemembers die in combat. So you had 21 service people die in combat zones where they are getting shot at and fighting the enemy, and more than 80 people died back here at home just training. The Budget Control Act and the continuing resolutions that we have been 
doing have literally made it safer to go to war in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Philippines. Name your place, it is safer than training here at home. It is safer than getting in a C–130 and flying here at home. It is safer to do it overseas. That is a sad state for our American military, and it is a sad state of affairs for this Congress. What Mr. TAYLOR said is absolutely right. The Senate needs to work on this. We are going to pass it. We are going to get a clean bill back from them. It would be fantastic to be able to move forward and get out of these continuing resolutions and stay out of them. Once we started this, again, it took 9 years to get to where we are now, where we are finally getting out of it with the deals that this Speaker has made and with what this Senate has done. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman again for his service and for doing this Special Order this evening. Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California, who is also a combat marine. I won’t hold it against him. He is a marine, and we are appreciative of him being here and of his time in Iraq and Afghanistan in defending what we hold dear. He is a leader on military and defense issues and national security issues here in Congress, so we truly appreciate his service then and now. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ). Mrs. HARTZLER. Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman TAYLOR for hosting this very important, special event tonight. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I have heard too many testimonies after testimonies talking about the dangerously low level of our military’s readiness. Years of budget cuts, coupled with continuing resolutions, have prevented and delayed the modernization of our airplanes, ships, and basic equipment, while at the same time reducing the readiness of our troops around the globe. Here is the stunning and sobering reality: Today, we have the smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since before World War I, and the smallest Air Force we have ever had. Only 50 percent of our Nation’s fighter and bomber forces are able to fly, fight, and decisively win a highly contested fight, much like our forces would encounter with China and Russia. Get this: Less than half of the Navy’s aircraft can fly due to maintenance and spare parts issues. Think about that. Less than half of the Navy’s aircraft can fly due to maintenance and spare parts issues. Budget cuts and increased operations have depleted America’s supply of precision ammunitions. Simply put, we are running out of bombs. Two Navy destroyers were involved in collisions that will take years to repair, resulting in the tragic deaths of 17 sailors—17 sailors of the 80 that my colleague from California, Representative DUNCAN , just shared about, where we lost 80 soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines in training accidents last year. We lost 17 in this accident dealing with the two Navy destroyers. I saw the impact of this accident personally in September when I toured the USS Fitzgerald as part of an Armed Services factfinding mission. I stood in the room where seven sailors died when their ship collided with a commercial freighter a little after 1 in the morning, tearing a huge hole in the side of the ship and flooding their room where they were sleeping with water in a little under 2 minutes, giving them very little time to escape. It was heartwrenching to see, and it was heartbreaking to think about the pain that the families will feel for years to come. Sadly, these accidents were not due to an enemy attack. They were due to training lapses and poor leadership, which was exacerbated by high demand of services, combined with lack of funding for needed ships and lack of training caused by defense cuts and sequestration. In some cases, we found out sailors are working 100 hours a week just to keep up with the training requirements and the current operations. Our men and women in uniform deserve better. We cannot expect our sons and daughters to volunteer for the military only for them to be placed in harm’s way without the proper equipment or adequate training to ensure they return home to us safely. Congress must work to fix this problem. The 2year budget agreement passed earlier this year increased the defense spending caps to allow our Nation’s military to begin the rebuilding process. Congress took action for fiscal year 2018 by investing in critical military programs, such as increased funding for Navy ship and aircraft depot maintenance, providing an additional 24 F/A–18 Super Hornets to address the Navy’s strike fighter shortage, and increased Active Duty endstrength for all the service branches. However, our work is far from over. It is vital that we pass ontime appropriations for fiscal year 2019. Our military cannot adequately restore readiness without ontime appropriations. It is our responsibility as Members of Congress to ensure that the Department of Defense receives appropriations for fiscal year 2019 by this October 1. The House has already passed our version of the Defense Appropriations bill, and I hope our colleagues in the Senate will act swiftly to ensure the Department of Defense is funded on time. We need their help to make this happen, and we owe it to our sailors and our servicemen everywhere. Time is running out. We have an opportunity to get this right, and I urge the Senate to act swiftly and quickly. Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Missouri, who is a strong, principled, conservative voice on the House Armed Services Committee and a huge supporter of our military and national security apparatus. I thank the gentlewoman for her service here and, of course, to our military, and for her good work. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ). Mr. BERGMAN. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague and my nextdoor office mate. The south wing of Cannon is well guarded. Of course, the third verse of the ‘‘Marines’ Hymn’’ says that when all the rest of us get to heaven, they will find that the gates are guarded by United States marines. But I guarantee you, there are some snipers up there somewhere, making sure that the marines don’t get taken from behind. We have a term, or had a term because I am no longer involved with the Pentagon on a direct basis, but while working there over a long period of time, there was a term called BLUF, B LUF, bottom line up front. So the bottom line up front from my remarks today is that CRs, continuing resolutions, seriously inhibit and in some cases, prevent longterm planning, training, and readiness. We have a term that you will hear now used by the military on a daily basis: We have to be ready to fight tonight. That is not tonight next week. That is not tonight next month. That is right now and around the globe. b1800 When you have a mission like the U.S. military does to protect not only our citizens here but those citizens in countries of our coalition partners around the world, we have to be able to fight tonight, and we have to be able to fight as a coalition force around the world. When you are not ready, you are not a good partner. Continuing resolutions consume time, they consume resources, and they increase the overall cost of warfighting. DOD’s mission is to protect all of our citizens by successfully executing operational war plans. These operational plans change over time due to evolving threats. Continuing resolutions prevent DOD from maintaining momentum in keeping ahead of those changing threats. Warfighting is not like a sports team where you can go 18 and 1 for the season and still claim victory. That 1 has to always be in the zero column for our military. Training and readiness go hand in hand. The readiness comes in two forms: personnel readiness and equipment readiness. When you think about the time it takes to train a young soldier, sailor, airman, marine or coastguardsman, that can’t be done overnight. Longterm planning goes into that individual training. That individual training morphs into unit training so that individual part of a unit is 
ready to go and defend our Nation’s interests at home and abroad. Equipment readiness is a challenge, because when you cannot plan long term for your buys of parts, whether they be for aircraft, ships, tanks, whatever it happens to be, again, your cost goes up. We have the responsibility as the Congress to give our Department of Defense and the Secretary of Defense the tools they need to keep our country safe. Continuing resolutions seriously hinder our capability to complete that mission. I strongly urge the Senate to act swiftly and come to the realization that a continuing resolution is not an answer going forward for the safety and security of our country, all of its citizens, our families, and our coalition partners who rely on us when times get in dire straits. So, Madam Speaker, I am thankful for the opportunity to speak with you tonight, and I just want to end with one realtime, reallife anecdote. Fortysix years ago yesterday, July 11, 1972, we saw the evidence of a successful evolving threat in Vietnam when the worst, most devastating helicopter shootdown of the entire Vietnam war occurred. Sixtytwo people perished in one CH–53 helicopter in the northern I Corps. We had not had the capability to adjust our tactics because the SA–7 missile had been introduced. That is how quickly life can change on the battlefield. We as the Congress need to do everything possible to ensure that that doesn’t happen to our Nation’s warriors. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague not only for his service, but for his friendship. Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, I would certainly like to thank the gentleman, Congressman, general, and marine—marine nonetheless—for his fantastic service to this great Nation, both then and now, as a colleague, as a fellow veteran, and as a neighbor in the Cannon building on the south end there. I thank the gentleman for his service and his steadfast support of our military men and women. Madam Speaker, the regular use, as you have heard, of continuing resolutions impacts commanders at all levels. You have heard about more training deaths than combat deaths. I have to tell you at the service and major command levels, commanders are not allowed to start new programs, increase rates of production, or begin new military construction projects. As you move to lower echelons of command, it forces leaders into making risk determinations related to readiness and training. Consider, Madam Speaker, Oceana Naval Base. You heard the gentlewoman from Missouri talk about parts and maintenance and half of the Navy airplanes not being able to fly. Oceana Naval Base, which resides in my district, if it were a country, it would be the seventh largest airforce in the world. The Air Force Combat Command is also in my district. Flying hours for many of these units have been far below the needed hours for units prepping for combat deployments. As you heard, many of the aircraft are grounded because of maintenance and not being able to get to parts. It has taken years and will take years to recover. We are certainly not there yet. Air National Guardsmen who volunteer at the beginning of the year are only able to have orders cut for the duration of the continuing resolution if it happens. This sometimes reduces the level of their benefits, such as their basic housing allowance. They are eligible to receive less than that because the orders get broken into separate pieces. This really affects the ones at the lower rank, the enlisted, like what I was, those who may have military families. Again, hurting our military families which is the strong basis of structure for a strong force. Let me give you another example. While returning from a deployment, approximately 90 airmen had unanticipated changes in their itinerary which caused additional expenses to be incurred. Since these expenses were not authorized prior to the new fiscal year, these members were not reimbursed for more than 60 days after their return. Some of the unpaid expenses ranged from just a few dollars to $7,000 for one young airman. Imagine, Madam Speaker, if you are a young airman, E–3, E–4, and you have a family, $7,000 is a lot of money. It could be the difference between paying the mortgage and keeping the lights on back home, contributing to the stress of our military families. In the weekend of January 20, 2018, there was a scheduled training weekend. The expiration of the continuing resolution caused a lastminute cancelation of an event impacting 950 airmen. Fifty of the airmen who traveled out of Langley Air Force base, also in my district, before the order was given to cancel were immediately sent home without accomplishing any training events. They may never be able to get that training back as they prepare to go to combat for this Nation. There are some other negative impacts that we don’t hear about often. The Virginia National Guard is second contributing to the war effort amongst other guard units around the country. The Reserve components make up 47 percent of our Nation’s operational forces, yet they are required to cease operations during a continuing resolution while Active Duty counterparts continue training. Fortyseven percent, Madam Speaker, of our operational forces have to shut down during continuing resolutions. Let me read a couple things that I got from the Virginia National Guard. During the most recent shutdown that happened, 3 days, was inaccurately reported in many media outlets as having minimal impact, to the contrary Virginia National Guard faced the following: They had lastminute notification of inactive duty training for 2,211 personnel, resulting in the absence of anticipated monthly income, which equated to 4 days of Active Duty pay. Notifications to more than 630 full time soldiers and airmen that their potential employment would be temporarily terminated were sent out. That affects retention. $28,000 worth of contract actions were canceled, and a projected $7,500 in subsequent loss as a result of these cancelations. Missed training opportunities. During the most recent shutdown, the National Guard lost training opportunities totaled $7.7 million, affecting expected income for 58,000 soldiers and airmen and 37,000 Federal technicians. Aside from those losses, that contributes to mission and morale impacts. Again, the Virginia National Guard is second in the Nation contributing to the war efforts, and the Reserve components make up 47 percent of the Nation’s operational forces. Madam Speaker, we have to do better for our military apparatus. I just want to reiterate to you that I have the great honor of representing the district with more military and veterans than any congressional district in the Nation. If there is anything going on in the world, if Mother Freedom needs to be defended anywhere in the world, then our men and women are there on the frontlines fighting for family, for friends, and for freedom. We in Congress and the Senate owe them better, and we have to do better. We have to get our acts together. We have to lead with the courage and the spirit that they have. We can make it happen, and we should push and push until we got it done. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
PETER STRZOK’S TESTIMONY ON CAPITOL HILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Madam Speaker, it has been an interesting day here on Capitol Hill. Madam Speaker, the hearing was still going on when I was just in the Cloakroom, where we had an FBI agent, one of the top supervisors, he had been in charge of foreign counterintelligence as well, and then after his outrageous bias and comments through text messages came to light, Robert Mueller relieved him from the Trump investigation and left the others who were just as biased. But it was an incredible day. For somebody who has not just shown bias, but outrageous animus, disgust, disdain, and deploring people who voted for Trump by their smell, he 
tried to clean it up a little bit in his testimony today. Madam Speaker, I thought it might be helpful to some of our Members who know there is some rule here of the House that somehow you are not supposed to besmirch other Members. I am not sure how far it goes, but if they will check the rule, it is for those who are elected, be it House Member, Senate, Vice President, President, we are required to show decency and not call into question the intentions of such an elected person. When a witness comes before a hearing who is testifying 180 degrees opposite of what he put in writing thousands of times, for most of us, for a majority here in the House, it has no credibility. It makes the witness even look worse. To come in after we have seen so many of the texts he sent, we have got a good sense of where this man’s heart, soul, and mind have been. It appeared abundantly clear that he had gotten very, very good at lying. It doesn’t violate any House rule to say that. Now, when we were in our hearing, and one of my Democratic friends across the aisle yelled that I was off my meds, see, now, that was a violation of the rule. I thought about calling it out, having her words taken down, but we didn’t need any further delays. But I thought it might be informative to my friends across the aisle who don’t understand the rules of the House, but when somebody is lying through their teeth, sitting there smugly and smirking, and, frankly, when it hit me, that is probably the same smug little smirk you had on your face when you told your wife, no telling how many times, there is nothing going on between me and Lisa Page. He got really good at lying and showing no emotion whatsoever. b1815 So, unfortunately, what I brought out in that hearing and he denied recalling should not be lost in the exchange about his lying. It is far more important. But for the record, as a prosecutor, a defense attorney, a felony judge, a chief justice, and as a Member of Congress, I have asked thousands of witnesses questions. When you have somebody who has just gotten so good at lying that there is no indication in their eyes whatsoever that it bothers them to lie, somebody has got to call them out on it. It is just not good for the state of this Union. It is also denying credibility to actually have the witness say he doesn’t recall getting information about a foreign entity that is not Russia getting every—actually, it was over 30,000 emails, emails that were sent through to Hillary Clinton through the unauthorized server and unsecured server and every email she sent out. There were highly classified—beyond classified—top secrettype stuff that had gone through that server. Out of the over 30,000 emails that went through that server, all but 4 of them—no explanation why those 4 didn’t get the same instruction, but we have some very good intelligence people—when they were asked to look at Hillary Clinton’s emails, they picked up an anomaly. As they did forensic research on the emails, they found that anomaly was actually an instruction embedded, compartmentalized data embedded in the email server telling the server to send a copy of every email that came to Hillary Clinton through that unauthorized server and every email that she sent out through that server, to send it to this foreign entity that is not Russia. We know that efforts were made to get Inspector General Horowitz to receive that information. He would not return a call. Apparently, he didn’t want that information because that would go against his saying that the bias did not affect the investigation. Of course it affected the investigation. It couldn’t help but affect the investigation. It denies logic and common sense to say somebody with that much animus, that much bias and prejudice would not have it affect their investigation. Madam Speaker, I can tell you I know there are people in this House who don’t care for me, but I can also tell you there is no one in this House on either side of this aisle who I would put up with being investigated and prosecuted by somebody with the hatred, the absolute nasty prejudice that Peter Strzok had for Donald Trump. I wouldn’t put up with it. I would go to bat for any Democrat in this House, any Republican in this House, the ones who don’t like me on either side. It wouldn’t matter. Nobody in the United States of America should have the full power of the Federal Government coming after them in the hands of somebody prejudiced, full of hate for that individual. But such is what we are dealing with here. That is why I laid the groundwork, gave the names of the people— some of them—that were there when Peter Strzok was informed about Hillary Clinton’s emails for sure going to a foreign entity. This is serious stuff. What came of our intelligence community providing that information to the FBI agent in charge, Peter Strzok? Nothing. Peter Strzok received the information that it wasn’t speculation, that maybe Hillary Clinton’s emails were capable of being hacked, but we have no evidence that they were hacked. All this garbage that we have heard about from reports? No. When the FBI was told her emails were hacked and every email she received, every email she sent out—over 30,000, except for 4— over 30,000 were compromised and going to a foreign entity not Russia, and Mr. Strzok did nothing about it. When I started laying the groundwork pointing out the people, I am told an attorney behind Mr. Strzok mouthed, ‘‘Oh, my gosh,’’ something like that, as I was laying the groundwork. I don’t know if she knew what I was talking about or not, but I thought I picked up just a fleeting note of detection in Peter Strzok’s eyes that he knew what I was talking about. But, again, for my friends who are not familiar with the true rules of the House, let me explain. In trial courts, for example, the felony court over which I was a judge, the rules of evidence are very strict, and we protect the jury from hearing things that don’t have any basis for believability. That is why most hearsay cannot come in, but there are exceptions. But one rule that you always find in any court, no matter how strict the rules are, the credibility of the witness is always in evidence, always relevant, always material. The witness’ credibility is always material and relevant. When it has been as open and everyone in our hearing room knew what has been going on for such a prolonged period and I saw that look, that is all I could think is: I wonder if that is the same look you gave your wife over and over when you lied to her about Lisa Page. The credibility of a witness is always material and relevant. Mark it down. Now, in our House hearings, the rules are not that strict. It is more in the nature of anything that we feel may be relevant to the subject at hand. But in a hearing like today, even things that have nothing to do—they are not germane, they are not relevant, they are not material to what we are doing, we still have people bring in posters about something that is not germane, not relevant, not material; and they can get away with doing it, in some cases, as they did today, even though the rules probably could have restricted keeping some of that out. We have very relaxed rules, so these kind of things happen. Like I say, to yell out I am off my meds, yes, that violates the rule, but I am sure my Democratic friend didn’t realize what a rulebreaker she was as she tried to claim I was breaking the rules, which I was not. But what really came home, too, is, again, Inspector General Horowitz did a good job gathering the evidence, except he refused to get the evidence that was offered to him about Hillary Clinton’s emails absolutely, unequivocally being hacked and everything over 30,000, except for 4, going to a foreign entity not Russia. You get the picture. The bias made a lot of difference in the outcome of the case. Horowitz is just wrong about that. He was obviously—as I said at the hearing: So you give us over 500 pages showing bias by the investigators on the Republican side, and since you don’t want your Democratic friends mad at you, you conclude there is no indication all of this evidence showed any affect on the outcome. Well, hello. When you show such hatred and animus in the mind of the lead 
investigator and you show that everything that concluded from that investigation was 100 percent consistent with the bias and hatred, you don’t have to have the witness agree: You are right; you caught me. All my bias affected the outcome of my investigation. Just like a prosecutor who puts on evidence that a guy gets in a car, drives to a bank, pulls out a gun, holds it to the head of the teller, makes the teller give him money, and leaves in that car, you have to prove intent, that he intended to rob the bank, but you don’t have to have evidence that the bank robber said, ‘‘Hey, I intend to rob this bank.’’ No. When the results—and there are a lot of results—all of them are consistent with the bias and the hatred, the disdain, the animus, then you have got at least a de facto case, certainly one that can get past a motion for summary judgment and get to the jury and put in the hands of the fact finder. Again, when you have somebody who is as good at lying to folks over and over and over again with a straight face, gets a lot of practice, and he comes before Congress—the guy is good. He is really good. As I told him—I think, obviously, he and his lawyer had a different opinion, but it seemed to me it would have been more credible to come in and do what Inspector General Horowitz did, and say: Yeah, there is a lot of bias here, no question, but I don’t think it affected the outcome. Of course, he wasn’t 100 percent sure, it didn’t sound like, that it didn’t affect when Strzok decided to end the Hillary Clinton investigation and when he immediately decided to pick up the investigation against Trump. As I heard my friend say over and over about how Comey, of course, just really harmed the Clinton campaign, they are ignoring something that appeared pretty clear, even without resorting to people who have provided information about what went on. b1830 We know Hillary Clinton’s emails that she claimed were missing were found on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. Maybe it was Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner, one of their laptops. They found those emails there. Of course, Peter Strzok, helping the woman whom he thought ought to win 100 million to 0 for President, wow, that was not good news for people like him who wanted to help Hillary. They couldn’t help the fact that FBI agents, when investigating something else, find all these missing 30,000 or so emails on this laptop. And they have got the information at least for some weeks, maybe 2, maybe 3, maybe 4. We are not sure, but they had found this information. So Comey was in a difficult situation. He wanted Hillary to win, no question. He did not want Donald Trump to win. He never did like Trump, never has, apparently, things he has said and done. So what could he do that would cause the least amount of problems for Hillary Clinton? There was a threat, apparently, that FBI agents were going to go public that they had found these missing emails and that Comey was blocking reopening the investigation now that we have all these emails. And if FBI agents, who are righteous, unlike Peter Strzok, really righteous people—and I know a lot of them around the country. They are good, decent, upstanding, honorable, givetheirlifefortheir country kind of people, not give their affair for themselves but give their lives for their country. Those people have gotten a big blemish on them because of Peter Strzok and others at the top of the Department of Justice in the last administration, as they held over. They would never do what Peter Strzok did. They would never do that. So it gets a little like they erect a straw dog: You are condemning the thousands of great FBI agents around the country. No, I am blaming you. We know they are good, but you are not. And that is where we have been here. This country is in a lot of trouble. But it was very clear: Peter Strzok, intentionally and knowingly, with demonstrated prejudice, refused to pursue the disclosed fact to him, in his presence, that a foreign entity not Russia was getting every email that Hillary Clinton sent and received. There was classified material in there, and there was higher than just plain classified. There was extremely sensitive information in there. What else did we know? Actually, if you dig what has been uncovered during the last 2 years, Hillary Clinton had the President’s Daily Briefing going to her home. And there are times that the young man—I believe his name was Oscar Flores—who worked there, they may have tried to get him a clearance at one time, but, apparently, from what I could read, he didn’t have any kind of clearance, yet he would print stuff off. The President’s Daily Briefing is some of the most sensitive information in the entire United States Government, extreme sensitivity, and she violated the law by making it accessible to people without the proper clearance and, certainly, her young man, or man, who was working there for her. She violated the law. It wasn’t necessary that she have intent; it was just necessary that she broke the law in that case. I really would like to have intent be an element of most every crime that is in the Federal law. I think it would be a good idea. But right now it is not part of the laws she broke. Yet people like Peter Strzok covered for her. They refused to pursue the things that would have made her guilty. They went after things to try to hurt Donald Trump. When you look at that October press conference that Comey had, you realize, gee, what if he had not called that press conference and you had one or more FBI agents come out and say: ‘‘Hey, we found these emails on Anthony Weiner’s laptop weeks ago, and Comey refused to reopen the investigation’’; that would have doomed her election far worse than what happened. So what, under the circumstances, was the best thing that Comey could do for his friend Hillary Clinton? It was to get out ahead of anybody disclosing that they had been sitting on the thoughttobelost emails and say: We have got them. Then, as I had said back at the time, well, we will find out how serious Comey is. If he comes back within 2 or 3 days and says they have examined all 30,000 or so, whatever, of the emails, then we will know that this was just a charade to cover for Hillary Clinton, because they are not going to be able to adequately research all of those emails in just a matter of 2 or 3 days. He came back very quickly, so that it would not affect the election coming up, and announced: No. Clean bill of health. We looked at all the new evidence. Nothing was there. Except they still didn’t bother to use the information provided by the intelligence community that was available. They didn’t pick it up, didn’t do anything with what was disclosed. I am telling you, I am very grateful we have people working in this government who want to protect the United States and want to protect the United States’ people. They don’t get a lot of credit, usually don’t get any credit, but they do a good job for this country; and my head and my heart and my salute go out to them as we deal with the mess that has been created by those with far more selfish motives. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
CLOUD OF COLLUSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) for 30 minutes. Mr. PASCRELL. Madam Speaker, in light of the upcoming oneonone meeting between President Trump and Vladimir Putin, I rise today to remind the American people about the cloud of collusion hanging over their heads. As the American people continue to learn details of this unfolding scandal, the implausible idea of Russia compromising the President of the United States becomes more fact than fiction. The President, his family members, his campaign staff, and his close associates have repeatedly lied about their multiple contacts with Russian officials and close associates of Putin. They have had no consistent explanation for these meetings. It has happened over and over. Furthermore, the President continues to parrot Putin’s version of 
Rosneft president himself. It took place on either 7 or 8 July, the same day or the one after Carter Page made a public speech to the Higher Economic School in Moscow. ‘‘In terms of the substance of the discussion, Sechin’s associate said that the Rosneft president was so keen to lift personal and corporate Western sanctions imposed on the company that he offered Page,’’ and Mr. Trump’s associates as well, ‘‘the brokerage of up to a 19 percent privatized stake in Rosneft in return. Page had expressed interest and confirmed that were Trump elected U.S. President,’’ sanctions on Russia would be lifted. The truth: On December 29, 2016, during the transition period between the election and the inauguration, National Security Advisordesignate Mike Flynn spoke to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, urging him not to retaliate for newly imposed sanctions. Ultimately, the Russians did not retaliate. Days after the inauguration, the Trump administration ordered State Department staffers to develop proposals for immediately revoking the economic and other sanctions imposed against Russia. Thankfully, these staffers alerted Congress, who took steps to codify the sanctions in a law passed in August 2017. The attempt to overturn the sanctions was abandoned after Mr. Flynn’s conversation was revealed and Mr. Flynn resigned. Carter Page has confirmed this meeting with top Moscow and Rosneft officials, that company or corporation, in the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence testimony. It is all laid out. When Page was asked if a Rosneft executive had offered him a potential sale of a significant percentage of Rosneft, Page said, ‘‘He may have briefly mentioned it.’’ Dossier claim on page 23: ‘‘Finally, speaking separately to the same compatriot, a senior Russian,’’ Ministry of Foreign Affairs, ‘‘MFA official reported that, as a prophylactic measure, a leading Russian diplomat, Mikhail Kalugin, had been withdrawn from Washington at short notice because Moscow feared his heavy involvement in the U.S. Presidential election operation, including the socalled veterans’ pensions ruse,’’ which we reported previously in the dossier, ‘‘would be exposed in the media there. His replacement, Andrei Bondarev, however, was clean in this regard.’’ The truth: Mikhail Kalugin was the head of the economics section at the Russian Embassy. He returned to Russia in August 2016. The BBC would go on to report that United States officials in 2016 had identified Kalugin as a spy, that he was under surveillance, thus verifying this key claim in the dossier. Further reporting by McClatchy has claimed that the FBI was investigating whether Kalugin played a role in the election interference. Mr. Speaker, these are facts. They just scratch the surface of what we are dealing with. This is what we know. Despite some opponents and opportunists and attempts, these facts are indisputable. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the link to the entire Trump/Russia dossier produced by Christopher Steele, so future generations will know the truth of how we got here today. The link is: https://www.documentcloud.org/ documents/3259984TrumpIntelligence Allegations.html. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TAYLOR ). The gentleman from New Jersey has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I am going to read a little bit more of the dossier, and I am going to stay away from the scurrilous things that have been reported in the newspaper, because they, to me, are just distractions from what we should be looking at. This is from the dossier: The ‘‘mechanism for transmitting this intelligence involves ‘pension’ disbursements to Russian emigres living’’ in the United States as cover, using consular offices in New York, Miami, and D.C. ‘‘Suggestion from source close to Trump and Manafort that Republican campaign team happy to have Russia as media bogeyman to mask more extensive corrupt business ties to China and other emerging countries. ‘‘Speaking in confidence to a compatriot in late July 2016, Source E, an ethnic Russian close associate of Republican U.S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump, admitted that there was a welldeveloped conspiracy of cooperation between them and the Russian leadership. This was managed on the Trump side by the Republican candidate’s campaign manager, Paul Manafort, who was using foreign policy adviser Carter Page and others as intermediaries. The two sides had a mutual interest in defeating Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, whom President Putin apparently hated and feared. ‘‘Inter alia, Source E acknowledged that the Russian regime had been behind the recent leak of embarrassing email messages emanating from the Democratic National Committee’’ to that WikiLeaks platform. Attention, attention: ‘‘Source E said he understood that the Republican candidate and his team were relatively relaxed about this because it deflected media and the Democrats’ attention away from Trump’s business dealings in China and other emerging markets.’’ For the RECORD , Mr. Speaker, I will enter that in the RECORD at the proper time, not this evening. We have a whole dossier, again, having nothing to do with this, of every deal that we know of that the President and his team made in 52 foreign countries. That will be entered into the RECORD . ‘‘Finally, regarding Trump’s claimed minimal investment profile in Russia, a separate source with direct knowledge said this had not been for want of trying. Trump’s previous efforts had included exploring the real estate sector in St. Petersburg as well as Moscow, but, in the end, Trump had had to settle for the use of extensive sexual services there from local prostitutes rather than business success.’’ That is what the dossier says. ‘‘Trump adviser Carter Page holds secret meetings in Moscow with Sechin and senior Kremlin Internal Affairs official, Divyekin. Sechin raises issues of future bilateral U.S.Russian energy cooperation and associated lifting of Western sanctions against Russia over Ukraine. Page noncommittal in response. Divyekin discusses release of Russian dossier of ‘kompromat’ on Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton, but also hints at Kremlin possession of such material on Trump.’’ ‘‘Kremlin concerned that political fallout from DNC email hacking operation is spiraling out of control. Extreme nervousness among Trump’s associates as result of negative media attention/accusations. ‘‘Russians meanwhile keen to cool situation and maintain ‘plausible deniability’ of existing/ongoing pro Trump and antiClinton operations; therefore, unlikely to be any ratcheting up offensive plays in the immediate future. ‘‘Source close to Trump campaign, however, confirms regular exchange with Kremlin has existed for at least 8 years’’—I said 5 years before; 8 years— ‘‘including intelligence fed back to Russia on oligarchs’ activities in U.S.’’ b1900 ‘‘Within this context, Putin’s priority requirement had been for intelligence on the activities, business and otherwise, in the U.S. of leading Russian oligarchs and their families.’’ And his associates duly had obtained and supplied that information. ‘‘Speaking in early August 2016, two wellplaced and established Kremlin sources outlined the divisions and backlash in Moscow arising from the leaking of Democratic National Committee emails and the wider proTrump operation being conducted in the U.S. Head of Presidential Administration, Sergei Ivanov, was angry at the recent turn of events. He believed the Kremlin ‘team’ involved, led by presidential spokesman Dmitriy Peskov, had gone too far in interfering in foreign affairs with their ‘elephant in a china shop black PR’. Ivanov claimed always to have opposed the handling and exploitation of intelligence by this PR ‘team’. Following the backlash against such foreign interference in U.S. politics, Ivanov was advocating that the only sensible course of action now for the Russian leadership was to ‘sit tight and deny everything’.’’ And they did. ‘‘Continuing on this theme, the source close to Ivanov reported that Peskov now was ‘scared’’’—I will not 
use the derogatory term—‘‘that he would be scapegoated by Putin and the Kremlin and held responsible for the backlash. . . . ’’ Page after page, Mr. Ivanov appears. He is at the center of this. And if we know this, then Mr. Mueller knows this. And if we know this, Mr. Mueller knows more. So this is the dossier, which has been public now since early last year. And I wanted to bring this to the floor last year, but we chose to do it another way, if you remember, in trying to get the President’s taxes made public. So I will conclude with this, Mr. Speaker—you have been patient. This is, to me, a big deal: 83 percent of this dossier has been proven correct. I did not use anything that was dubious of the 17 percent. So I say to you, the Congress has a right, as an equal branch of government, to review what has happened so that our President, as Mr. Shaub, the Director of the Office of Government Ethics, said to President Trump: What you need to do is cut yourself off from your assets. That is what you need to do. That is what you must do. And, obviously, he did not do it. So there is a lot of material out there. Going at this a year and a half is not a long time. You know how long Watergate took. But I would think that this is going to take longer than Watergate—that is my opinion—on some of these things which will have to be traced. Some people have been indicted. Some people are going to prison already. But I am telling you, the bulk of information is going to be laid out when Mr. Mueller is ready, not when I am ready or anybody in the Chamber is ready. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. PASCRELL. That is unacceptable. I did not engage in any personalities. I read from the record. I didn’t call anybody a name. If I read it, it was somebody else that was writing it, not me. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Remarks in debate in the House may not engage in personalities toward the President, whether originating as the Member’s own words or being reiterated from another source. Mr. PASCRELL. The President is not above the law, sir. I am not above the law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentleman have a motion? Mr. PASCRELL. No, I don’t have a motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is not recognized for debate at this time. Mr. PASCRELL. Do you want me to make a motion to extend? Is that what you are asking me to do? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would entertain a motion to adjourn at this time. Mr. PASCRELL. Fine. You have it your way. I will be back. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, July 13, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 6342. A bill to make revisions in title 51, United States Code, as necessary to keep the title current, and to make technical amendments to improve the United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 6343. A bill to provide for a demonstration program and pilot project to expand choice for inpatient psychiatric services under Medicaid and Medicare; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in 
case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. NORMAN , Mr. E MMER , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. STEWART , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. ESTES of Kansas): H.R. 6364. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to increase State and local involvement in management plans; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H. Res. 991. A resolution expressing support for the designation of National Public Safety Aviation Day; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GARRETT: H. Res. 992. A resolution condemning the actions taken by the Lao People’s Democratic Republic against the Hmong ChaoFa Indigenous people, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
221. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No. 30, urging the Congress of the United States to continue the Meals on Wheels Program; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 222. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 76, respectfully urging the President and Congress to maintain the Northeast Gasoline Supply Reserve to ensure gasoline supply and distribution stability in an emergency; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 223. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution 52, urging Congress to amend the ‘‘Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act’’ to require the Federal Emergency Management Agency to provide financial assistance for certain personal property damaged during a natural disaster; which was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 224. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution 29, urging Congress and the President of the United States to fund the Federal Aviation Administration’s Drone Test Site Program; which was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 84: Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 502: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 592: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 681: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 712: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 754: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. SARBANES , Mrs. L ESKO , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 809: Mr. MAST. H.R. 846: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 959: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi and Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 1150: Mr. RICEof South Carolina. H.R. 1178: Mr. HOLDING . H.R. 1204: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 1268: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 1270: Mr. COOK. H.R. 1298: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. LATTA , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1300: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 1318: Mr. ESPAILLAT and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1439: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1552: Ms. MCSALLY . H.R. 1651: Mr. KEATING , Mr. K ILDEE , and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 1661: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 1810: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1880: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1911: Mr. YODER . H.R. 2044: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2077: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 2345: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 2723: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 2777: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2856: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 2871: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. A MASH . H.R. 2902: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3148: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3239: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3592: Mr. ROYCE of California. H.R. 3608: Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. N ORMAN . H.R. 3635: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 3673: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3751: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3773: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 3918: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3994: Mr. GRIFFITH . H.R. 4099: Mr. HILL. H.R. 4114: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4143: Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 4222: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 4256: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 4345: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 4506: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 4548: Mr. LOEBSACK . H.R. 4549: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4673: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 4843: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 4897: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. LANCE , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 4912: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 5011: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 5060: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5282: Mr. ROSS, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. BACON . H.R. 5306: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 5311: Ms. NORTON and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 5389: Ms. NORTON and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 5618: Mr. DONOVAN and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 5644: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 5658: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 5671: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. S HEAPORTER , and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 5885: Mr. ESPAILLAT and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 5899: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 5912: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5948: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. POSEY , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 5949: Mr. POSEY and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 5988: Mr. MITCHELL and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 6014: Mr. MACARTHUR and Mrs. BUSTOS . H.R. 6016: Mr. SOTOand Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 6018: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 6033: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 6071: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 6086: Mr. TURNER . H.R. 6097: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 6114: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. LYNCH , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 6137: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. SOTO, and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 6159: Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. H.R. 6193: Mr. CRIST, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 6213: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. BRAT, and Mr. P ERRY . H.R. 6250: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 6268: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 6275: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 6284: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 6313: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 6330: Mr. CHABOT and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6337: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. A MASH , and Mr. FASO. H.J. Res. 107: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H. Con. Res. 72: Mrs. LOWEY . H. Res. 319: Mr. FLORES . H. Res. 869: Mr. PETERS . H. Res. 910: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 926: Mr. KIHUEN . H. Res. 931: Mr. SERRANO . H. Res. 982: Mr. MCNERNEY and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas. H. Res. 987: Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 990: Mrs. NOEM, Mr. S CALISE , Mr. TURNER , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . f 
117. The SPEAKER presented a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to recommending that the United States House of Representatives censure Representative MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia for publicly urging businesses to refuse service to—and for openly inciting harassment of—officials and staff within President Donald Trump’s administration; which was referred to the Committee on Ethics. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4923 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 2018 No. 117 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 