Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, on this day, as a lawyer and as a Congressman, I want to express my appreciation for the Department of Justice, the FBI, Mr. Mueller, Mr. Rosenstein, Mr. Wray, and others. The attorneys in the Justice Department are among the best in the country, and Mr. Mueller and Mr. Rosenstein are in that group. The FBI have the finest law enforcement people in our country, and Mr. Wray heads that office up. Besides being outstanding jurists, men of rectitude, and probity, what else do Mr. Wray, Mr. Rosenstein, and Mr. Mueller have in common? They are all Republicans, and they have all been attacked by our President. Our President said, when the warrant was issued on his attorney’s office for his materials, that that was an attack on our country. In my opinion, that statement and the attacks on our Justice Department and FBI, and on Mr. Rosenstein and Mr. Mueller and Mr. Wray, those were attacks on our country. When one undermines the Justice Department and the FBI and, basically, people working in the Federal Government to protect us and see that our laws are carried out in an appropriate manner and that the rule of law, which this country is respected for all around the world, is meted out in evenhanded fashion, that is an attack on the fundamental principles of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I resent that suggestion. The fact is Mr. Rosenstein showed great bravery in seeing—as we say in jury charges, ‘‘going where truth dictated and justice demanded’’—in seeing that that warrant was issued. They did it on the basis of probable cause and information that they had to have surveillance of Mr. COHEN . They had to have probable cause to even have surveillance. And then to go through— knowing this man was the attorney for the President—and authorize the warrant and to know his job was on the line and his neck was on the line showed great courage, something we all in America should respect and hold up as an admirable quality in a man who exhibits the best characteristics of our citizenry. Then Mr. Rosenstein, a learned attorney who didn’t feel that attorneyclient privilege was being infringed upon, sent the case to the Southern District of New York, where other lawyers who were trained took the case to a judge, who was also learned in the law, who said the warrant should issue. Attorneyclient privilege is alive and is being dealt with in the proper fashion in Judge Wood’s courtroom. She is properly seeing to it that it is respected, but that information that is not that of an attorneyclient privilege will be revealed to the American public. For some reason, a lot of people today who normally are talking about the Second Amendment are talking about attorneyclient privilege like it is the biggest legal principle in our country’s fabric. What is more important than anything—and attorneyclient privilege is being respected—is the information that has been garnered through that search warrant that could show the possibility of crimes being committed by the President of the United States of America. There is nothing more important to be seen, and attorneyclient privilege is nothing compared to that. Why people are concerned about that and not the information that they are trying to keep quiet astonishes me. We need a transparent President. We need a President who pays his taxes and reveals them to the American public and who doesn’t try to squash the Justice Department, the FBI, and means of people of probity and rectitude and character. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Rosenstein, Mr. Mueller, Mr. Wray, the Justice Department, and FBI officials. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
FREE SPEECH FOR ME, BUT NOT FOR THEE? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Alexander Hamilton was 21 years of age; Aaron Burr, 20 years of age; James Monroe, 18; James Madison, 25 years old. These young Founding Fathers, some of America’s most notable names, were college age when they stood against an opposing British monarch and demanded life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. In fact, the right to freedom of speech was considered so important that James Madison, the author of the 
Constitution, made it the First Amendment in the Bill of Rights. However, it seems today that some of America’s youngest minds of this generation have forgotten just what it is this great Nation stands for and what ideals it was built on. b1015 A disturbing trend has begun cropping up on some college campuses around the country. The ideals that our Founding Fathers so painstakingly penned into life are at risk of disappearing from the sacred parchment of liberty. Freedom of speech is under attack. The left has perpetrated the idea that freedom of speech only applies to them but not to opposing views: free speech for me but not for thee. Conservative thinkers are often banned from some universities. If they are invited, students are allowed the disrupt the events. Mr. Speaker, since when does a war of words include physical violence against anyone who disagrees? Some universities and students claim that if speech is offensive, it must be banned; and who are we going to let decide what is offensive or hurtful? The listener? The elite academia? The government? This is a very dangerous philosophy that some of our universities are promoting and students are accepting. The British censored speech critical of the King. That is one reason the free flow of diverse ideas is protected in our country. The Bolsheviks and Lenin enforced censorship of ideas they opposed. Lenin said, to paraphrase: We don’t let our enemies have guns. Why should we let them have ideas that are calculated to criticize the government? Speech control by universities, professors, students, or government is a violation of the 1776 movement. It seems as if our very founding document is at risk of fading into the abyss of history. Have we forgotten the meaning of the First Amendment? The First Amendment protects all forms of speech, even those we don’t personally agree with. Even those words that offend us personally are protected. If our American public square or university becomes a place where only ideas that the speech police allow, then we have lost our way and have become nothing more than an echo chamber. How can political ideas be challenged if people cannot be allowed the freedom to speak different opinions? In Terminiello v. Chicago, Supreme Court Justice Douglas stated: ‘‘A function of free speech under our system of government is to invite dispute. It may indeed best serve its high purpose when it induces a condition of unrest, creates dissatisfaction with conditions as they are, or even stirs people to anger.’’ I guess Justice Douglas would not be allowed on some of our university campuses today to have dialogue with students because he ruled controversial views are constitutionally protected. Freedom of speech is one of the things that made this country different from the rest of the world. We must remember that fact and reject the tendency to bruise the First Amendment by stamping out speech that is controversial. In the famous words of Evelyn Beatrice Hall, who wrote under a pseudonym in the 1900s: ‘‘I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.’’ I don’t see any university professors teaching this dedication to free speech. What is most disturbing is that often it is the public universities that are responsible for silencing speech that they don’t agree with. This is clearly a violation of the philosophy of the First Amendment. George Washington said it best: ‘‘If the freedom of speech is taken away, then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter.’’ America must always remain a free and open public space where the marketplace of ideas, even those we may detest or disagree with, are always freely expressed. Mr. Speaker, I leave you with the words of James Madison: ‘‘The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.’’ Our college youth of today should heed the words of American youth of 1776. But the elite academia of our university speech police may not allow controversial words—those words of Madison and Jefferson—to be taught on campus because it just might offend them. And that is just the way it is. 
HONORING OFFICER SEAN GANNON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, so many people in this world are focused on: What’s in it for me? Not Officer Sean Gannon. Sean was a giver. His life was defined by his focus on serving and helping others. Sean was taken from us last Thursday in an act of violence that shocked our sensibilities and broke all of our hearts. In his early years, he gave to his community in New Bedford, his classmates at All Saints School, and then his classmates at Bishop Stang High School in North Dartmouth. He gave to his college mates as he prepared for his lifetime goal of becoming a police officer at Westfield State and Mass Maritime Academy. He gave to the communities in preparation of this at Westfield and Nantucket working there as a police officer and began his real career at Stonehill College, working to support and help students there, keeping them safe, and working with one of his mentors and friends, former Police Chief Peter Carnes. He gave as a Big Brother to a young boy through the Big Brothers Big Sisters Program of Cape Cod and the Islands, and that young boy now wants to grow up and be a police officer just like Sean. He gave to the children he visited in the schools as a police officer accompanied most often by his partner and canine friend, Nero. He gave to his friends and his second family at the Yarmouth Police Department where he is loved and missed dearly. Sean gave the greatest love to his parents, Patrick and Denise; his brother and sister; his family; and particularly to his wife, Dara, who shared in the spirit of giving as she conducted her work in the Cape Cod Foundation with helping over 250 charities. Sean and Dara were a fixture at every charitable event on Cape Cod. Ultimately, he gave his life—the ultimate sacrifice—to protect us and protect others from a dangerous and violent individual whom the Yarmouth Police Chief Frank Frederickson said would have clearly taken another life had Sean not intervened. Sean is a hero. He is one of us. He is much more than that. He is someone we aspire to be, a giver, whose love for others will continue to inspire us. There was a vigil last Saturday in the town of Yarmouth, Massachusetts, where 1,000 people showed up to pay tribute to Sean. Tomorrow he will be laid to rest joined by several thousand who will gather together to pay tribute and share love with him. God bless Officer Sean Gannon. May he rest in peace. May his soul and spirit continue to live among us and inspire us. f 
RUSSIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed light on a quiet war that has plagued our Nation for years. It is not the type of warfare we typically consider, but this war’s implications are just as grave. It is a war being waged on our soil, in our communities, and exploiting discourse among friends, family, and neighbors. It is a war intended to divide our great Nation in order to weaken our unity and our resilience. The tactics of this warfare are not always apparent, making it possible for any citizen to become a casualty of this dangerous campaign against the United States. The war I am referring to is the disinformation war against Western democracies being waged by the Russian Federation. Russia’s disinformation campaign against the United States started before the 2016 Presidential election. In 2013, the Chief of Staff of the Armed 
Forces of Russia stated: ‘‘The very rules of war have changed. The role of nonmilitary means of achieving political and strategic goals has grown, and, in many cases, they have exceeded the power of force of weapons in their effectiveness. The focus of applied methods of conflict has altered in the direction of the broad use of political, economic, informational, humanitarian, and other nonmilitary measures—applied in coordination with the protest potential of the population.’’ Last month, General Philip Breedlove testified before the House Armed Services Committee stating: ‘‘Russia sees the West, and in particular, a unified West, as an adversary. Waging a conventional war against the West would be unfavorable to Russia. As such, it has used hybrid warfare to break up Western unity.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘Exploiting divisions in U.S. society and promoting a ‘culture war’ is one key element of Moscow’s efforts to weaken the West.’’ In 2015, Russia’s disinformation campaign against the United States impacted my home State of Missouri. Research conducted by U.S. Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Jared Pier found that the same Russian trolls involved in the 2016 Presidential election interjected themselves in the 2015 protests at the University of Missouri with the goal of inciting further unrest and spreading discord and fear. The Russian account @fanfan1911 tweeted: ‘‘The cops are marching with the KKK. They beat up my little brother. Watch out.’’ The tweet was then retweeted by Twitter bots and hundreds of real Twitter users who fell victim to the hoax. Lieutenant Colonel Pier’s research found that this same Twitter account later changed its tweets to all German and spread rumors about Syrian refugees provoking unrest in Germany during the height of the refugee crisis. In 2016, the account switched back to English and began tweeting about the 2016 Presidential election. Russia’s interference in the 2016 Presidential election by spreading disinformation on social media is troubling, and it showcases Russia’s success in weaponizing the internet. Russia has exploited political divisions with the intention to cause individuals to question the legitimacy of our democracy. That is Russia’s ultimate goal, not to sway the outcome of elections, but to call into question the very foundations that make our democracy strong by provoking mistrust and instability into democratic institutions. As Americans, we must wake up and band together to fight against Russia’s tactics. In Missouri and around the country, we have our own interfamily squabbles. Brothers and sisters may have arguments, but the minute the neighborhood kid picks on one of us, we defend each other. It is time that we face the reality that Russia is exploiting our American family disagreements and making them far worse. Instead of placing blame on each other and further polarizing our Nation, we should turn toward each other to develop a defense strategy to counter Russia’s propaganda machine. Russia is instigating fights on both sides of the aisle. They do not care about American political parties, but rather the demise of Western democratic institutions. It is time that we stop Russia from infecting our family with their disinformation virus. I call on all Americans to judge inflammatory posts with a wary eye. We need to quit being naive, allowing ourselves to become a pawn of those who want our undoing. The internet is now a battlefield. It is critical that we consider the source of all information we receive. That information could be from a Russian bot in St. Petersburg. It is time to stand united, talk to each other, and work together to solve the challenges of our times. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REV. DR. FREDERICK DOUGLAS REESE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a mentor, a fellow Selma, Alabama, native, voting rights activist, and an American hero, Rev. Dr. Frederick Douglas Reese, who passed away on April 5, 2018, at the age of 88. Dr. Reese is best known for the pivotal role he played in the Selma to Montgomery march that led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It was Dr. Reese, as president of the Dallas County Voters League, who invited Dr. King and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference to Selma to organize and support their local voting rights campaign. As a longtime educator, pastor, and civil rights activist, Dr. Reese’s life and legacy stands as a testament to the power of one man’s ability to change the world. Dr. Reese was born in Selma, Alabama, on November 28, 1929, the only son of a strong, matriarchal family led by his mother, Ellie R. Reese, and that included his older sister siblings, Doris Reese and Annie Ratliff. His strong educational and spiritual home environment, coupled with the Christian education training he received, was the solid foundation of his success. An outstanding student, Dr. Reese graduated from Alabama State University and Livingston University with a degree in mathematics and continued his education at the University of Alabama, Southern University, and Auburn University before receiving his doctorate of divinity from Selma University. b1030 Dr. Reese’s teaching career began in Wilcox County, Alabama, where he taught science for 9 years and, most significantly, met his future bride, Alline, a fellow teacher. The two were married on June 28, 1953, and she remained his lifelong companion for 64 years. By the mid1960s, Dr. Reese had returned to teach in Selma, Alabama, where he became the president of the Dallas County Voters League and president of the Selma Teachers Association. He used both leadership positions to actively educate Blacks in Selma about the right to vote. With courage and tenacity, Dr. Reese led the firstever teachers march to the Selma Dallas County Courthouse in which over 100 Black teachers demanded the right to vote. He challenged his fellow teachers to exercise their right of citizenship by saying: ‘‘How can we teach American civics if we ourselves cannot vote?’’ As the president of the Dallas County Voters League, he invited Dr. King to Selma to support their local efforts. With the help of Dr. King and SCLC, Dr. Reese organized a voting rights march on March 7, 1965, a day that will live in infamy as Bloody Sunday. During the march, protesters were brutally beaten and sprayed with tear gas simply for speaking out for their right to vote. The sacrifices made that day by foot soldiers like Dr. Reese were captured on national outlets and led to the rise of so many Americans who came to Alabama to support their efforts. The Selma to Montgomery marches which Dr. Reese set in motion led to the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. While many minority Americans continue to face barriers to the polls today, our progress as a nation is unmistakable. We have Dr. Reese to thank for that progress. On a personal note, I know that I would not be here today as Alabama’s first Black Congresswoman were it not for the work of Dr. Reese and so many foot soldiers who led the way, who looked our democracy in the eye and made us hold up to those ideals. It was my greatest honor as a Member of Congress to present to my fellow Selma native Dr. Reese the Congressional Gold Medal for his work in the voting rights movement on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery march. Dr. Reese and others helped to change the course of American history and open the doors of opportunities for African Americans all across this Nation. We shall never forget the sacrifices that they made to our country. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Seventh Congressional District of Alabama; a great, grateful nation; and the State of Alabama, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life and contributions of Reverend Dr. Frederick Douglas Reese. Dr. Reese was an American hero, a national treasure, a beloved Selma native whose life’s fight for voting rights will forever change the fabric of American history. May we all recommit ourselves to the cause he fought for by voting in every election: local, State, and Federal. 
HONORING THE CIVIL AIR PATROL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Civil Air Patrol and the contributions this civilian auxiliary makes to our great nation. The Civil Air Patrol supports America’s communities with emergency response; diverse aviation and ground services; youth development; and promotion of air, space, and cyber power. The Civil Air Patrol consists of 1,445 squadrons and approximately 58,000 volunteer youth and adult members nationwide. It is congressionally chartered and operates as a nonprofit organization. It is made up of 8 geographic regions, consisting of 52 wings throughout the 50 States, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday evening, I had the honor of speaking at the Pennsylvania Wing Civil Air Patrol’s 2018 Conference in Grantville, Pennsylvania. More than 400 Civil Air Patrol members and cadets throughout the Commonwealth will gather there this weekend to celebrate this outstanding civilian auxiliary. Colonel Gary L. Fleming is the wing commander. Mr. Speaker, this year, the Civil Air Patrol is celebrating its 70year association with the U.S. Air Force. Congress passed a law on May 26, 1948, designating the Civil Air Patrol as the official Air Force auxiliary. The Civil Air Patrol cadet program has been in existence for more than 75 years. Cadet programs throughout the country are making incredible impacts. Cadet programs attract more than 25,000 members, ages 12 through 20. The program educates youth in four main program areas: leadership, aerospace, fitness, and character development. It enriches the school curriculum through afterschool programs. Programs offer orientation flights in powered and glider aircraft, as well as flight training scholarships. Activities and competitions are available for cadets at local, State, regional, and national levels. Opportunities for community development are available through the color guard and drill team, as well as emergency services missions. The Civil Air Patrol makes up about 10 percent of each of the U.S. Air Force Academy’s classes. The cadets who have earned the General Billy Mitchell Award enlist in the Air Force, U.S. Army, and U.S. Coast Guard at higher pay grades. Mr. Speaker, the cadet program also offers college scholarships in several different disciplines, as well as an international air cadet exchange program. The Civil Air Patrol cadet program truly encourages our youth to reach great heights. They have been building leaders for more than 75 years, and I am so proud of the Pennsylvania Wing Civil Air Patrol Cadet Advisory Council for its incredible commitment to our youth. I wish them the best in advance of the annual conference later this week, and I look forward to joining them at that celebration as well. 
DRAFT FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House Committee on Agriculture will be marking up the most important bill that almost no one pays attention to, rolled out with very little fanfare. And actually, we can kind of understand why it has been sort of played down a little bit. The draft farm bill makes it more difficult to get SNAP benefits, while weakening the meager limits for farm subsidies and while cutting investments in conservation and innovative programs which people care deeply about. The draft bill cuts billions from those SNAP benefits. It creates burdensome work requirements for caretakers of children over 6 and people between the ages of 50 and 59. Under this provision, people would have to find work or attend job training for at least 20 hours per week. The provisions won’t do anything at all to address poverty. Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that, even for those in the general population, securing a job within 3 months is virtually unattainable. There will be a spirited debate about whether we ought to reduce nutrition for lowincome people, but there are a whole range of other items that need to have attention. The commodities programs that channel 94 percent of the subsidies in the farm bill to people who grow six commodities. This bill will exempt most corporate farms from payment limits and make it easier for large agriculture entities to call themselves family farms and get even more subsidies. It gets rid of payment limits for marketing loan gains and loan deficiency payments and exempts partnerships, joint ventures, LLCs, and Subchapter S corporations from means testing, opening the loopholes wider. In the area of conservation, which matters deeply to Americans across the country and makes a big difference to farmers and ranchers in Oregon, this bill gets rid of the Conservation Stewardship Program, one of the largest conservation programs in the farm bill. It cuts the conservation title by $1 billion over 10 years and cuts funding for the working lands program by nearly $5 billion over 10 years, and it weakens the Endangered Species Act by allowing pesticides to be approved without considering the impact on endangered species. Mr. Speaker, one of the most important areas that needs our attention deals with local food and regional infrastructure to promote local sustainable agriculture. It effectively eliminates funding for farmers markets, valueadded producer grants, and cost sharing programs for organic certification by failing to reauthorize mandatory funding for these programs. Mr. Speaker, I spent the better part of 21⁄2years traveling Oregon after the last farm bill asking people what they wanted. And I will tell you, people in Oregon—farmers and ranchers, people who eat, sports people, people who are involved with food production and nutrition—this is not the approach that people in our community want, nor, frankly, by all available evidence, the vast majority of farmers and ranchers. They want to see reforms. They want to have a crop insurance program that isn’t wasteful support for large commodity producers, but actually is available for people who grow food, specialty crops for nursery, and the wine industry. It ought to be helping beginning farmers and ranchers get a toehold. It ought to deal with the efforts to cut down food waste, to provide protection for animal welfare. Mr. Speaker, the draft proposal that has been released is a missed opportunity, a missed opportunity for the committee. But I am hopeful that Congress, as this process works out, will step up and do its part to make it better, to focus on people who eat; people who care about clean air, clean water; people who want to protect animal welfare; people who want to have a vibrant, thriving local food scene; and to be able to provide food security for people who are at risk. Mr. Speaker, we can do better. I strongly urge my colleagues to take a hard look at this proposal and think about what a farm bill would look like for their community. I think they will find this bill falls far, far short. 
RECOGNIZING THE MIRACLE LEAGUE OF NORTHAMPTON TOWNSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an organization in my district that strives to empower individuals with special needs as well as their families. The Miracle League of Northampton Township fosters both social and educational growth through sports and recreation. Along with buddy programs and coaching opportunities, Miracle League offers those with special needs the ability to participate in baseball, basketball, bowling, and soccer leagues. On May 5, this organization will be holding its first annual charity wiffle ball tournament. The Miracle League of Northampton Township Wiffle Ball Classic will take place at Miracle League Fields in Churchville, and will feature a single elimination bracket along with awards for best team name and best uniforms. 
I would like to recognize president Brian Damiani and vice president Allan Corless, along with the executive directors, board members, and volunteers, for the countless hours they put in to improve the lives of those in Bucks County. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we have no higher priority than working to ensure the safety of the communities we represent. Working with law enforcement and local officials is essential to meeting this responsibility. I am proud to recognize Warwick Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, for being ranked as one of our State’s safest cities. In identifying Pennsylvania’s safest cities, the statistics were compiled from the FBI Uniform Crime Report. This information indicated that Warwick Township was the 15th safest city in the State of Pennsylvania. I would like to thank Judith Algeo, chairwoman of the Warwick Township Board of Supervisors, and Police Chief Mark Goldberg for their hard work in keeping our district a phenomenal place to live, work, and raise a family. I look forward to continuing our mission together. 
MEMORIALIZING THE LIVES OF FRANK SKARTADOS AND JUDY KENNEDY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY) for 5 minutes. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to memorialize two beloved elected officials from the Hudson Valley who passed away this weekend: Assemblyman Frank Skartados and Newburgh mayor, Judy Kennedy. First, Assemblyman Frank Skartados represented a number of communities up and down the Hudson Valley. He lost a battle with cancer early Sunday morning. Even though he was struggling through his sickness, Frank still fought relentlessly for his neighbors up in Albany. b1045 Frank was an immigrant from Greece, grew up on a small Greek island, came to America as a teenager, learned English, paid his way through school, and built a successful business. He went on to represent the people of the Hudson Valley and the State Assembly for nearly a decade. Now, if that is not the American Dream, I don’t know what is. My heart goes out to the Skartados family and to everyone else grieving his loss. We will miss Frank sorely. I would also like to memorialize Judy Kennedy, the mayor of Newburgh, New York. Judy and I shared a love for the city of Newburgh. Judy also passed away from cancer this weekend. She fought through her sickness to serve the people she cared so much about and the city she loved. She was a relentless warrior for the people she represented. She brought the city of Newburgh through an economic crisis and presided over a real revitalization throughout that city. Our thoughts are with the Kennedy family as well, and, of course, the entire Newburgh community that will miss her leadership. The public servants we lost this weekend were truly special people. They dedicated their lives to the people they served, and the best way for us to honor their legacy is to finish their work, to look out for the communities they represented, and to make sure they stay the wonderful places to live, work, and raise a family that they are. Frank and Judy, thank you for all you have done for us. I hope everyone in the Hudson Valley joins me in saying a prayer in remembrance of their service, and, of course, we will see them; we will see them whenever we see the government doing something right. We will see them when we see the city of Newburgh continue to thrive. We will see them when we see the State government improving our environment—looking out for working families, fighting for people without a voice. That is where we will see their legacy, when we continue the work they fought so nobly and so long to advance. Rest in peace. f 
CONCERNS ABOUT AMERICA’S FOOD BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise concerns about the farm bill that we will consider in the House Agriculture Committee tomorrow. In any legislation, there are parts of it that you support and there are areas that are problematic and there are titles that you may oppose. That is part of legislation. Some of these areas, of course, are works in progress. That is part of legislation as well. The farm bill is no exception. There are parts of this proposal that are a continuation of good things that we have done in previous farm bills that have worked. This version of the farm bill supports programs that are critical to specialty crops in the San Joaquin Valley and across California and the Nation. Specialty crops are special. They are fresh fruits and vegetables that serve as the foundation of a healthy diet. California grows half of the Nation’s specialty crops. This bill also provides support for research and risk management tools that are necessary. That includes continuous support for the Environmental Quality Incentives Program, a program that encourages farmers to be good stewards of our environment. It also has proposals that support programs that help our farmers, ranchers, and dairy producers expand to foreign markets so we can compete. Further, it also includes research and development of organic farming that continues to be very, very important, and it encourages a comprehensive approach to ensuring the health and security of our livestock. But we could do more in all of these areas. There are also parts of this farm bill that, for me, are problematic. As written, the dairy provisions create an uneven playing field that protects some, while leaving others exposed, sowing a regional divide within the dairy industry. Instead, we should raise the threshold for catastrophic coverage under the dairy safety net so we can respond more quickly for all dairy producers when milk markets plummet. The California dairy industry has hit hard times in recent years. Lastly, there are components of this farm bill that I strongly oppose, as do countless other organizations, people in the San Joaquin Valley and across the country. One of these proposals makes changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, otherwise known as SNAP, that will devastate parts of the food program that are working well. SNAP education and training programs are designed to help people and help recipients develop skills so ultimately they become selfreliant. I am a strong supporter of SNAP education and training programs. Although some of our SNAP education and training programs are yielding great results, we have a pilot project in Fresno County called the Fresno Bridge Academy that has expanded, and we now, as a result of the last farm bill, have 10 pilot projects around the country. In 2019, they are supposed to report back to the Congress to say what works and what doesn’t work. That is the way we should be doing this so that we can get people off of assistance, make them selfsufficient. We all agree that ablebodied people should be working. Yet, this farm bill makes enrollment in the SNAP education and training program mandatory, and in many cases, without giving them the necessary tools to get real jobs that exist. We have been warned that such a strain on burgeoning programs may very well collapse, costing billions of dollars, and creating a new Federal bureaucracy. In addition, this proposal would systematically prevent people from getting food assistance that they badly need, including our disabled, our seniors, and our veterans. Twentyfive percent of my constituents are on SNAP and require food assistance. This program is vital to the health of our communities, both in rural and urban areas in every State in the Nation. The farm bill is America’s food bill. It is about our national security. It is very important. It should not serve some well and abandon others. Although this proposal does include some good provisions, it fails to serve 
important parts of our community, and it builds a bigger and more intense divide between regions and groups in our country. Our Nation’s food policy should not be something that further divides us. This part of the House farm bill proposal, I think, is bad policy. It will not succeed legislatively, nor can it be successfully implemented. The United States Senate is writing a bipartisan farm bill, and that is what we should be doing in the House. As a matter of fact, the farm bill, for over 40 years, has been one of the most bipartisan things that we do in Congress. I call upon my colleagues to work together, in a bipartisan fashion, to negotiate these differences, one that serves the widest range of Americans so that we can produce enduring good public policy decisions that serve to protect the safety net for all Americans, promote American farmers, ranchers, and dairy people so that we can not only feed the Nation but compete in foreign markets. We can do better. We should do better. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Lead us in this day in Your ways, that our Nation might be guided along the roads of peace, justice, and goodwill. Grant strength and wisdom to our Speaker and the Members of both this assembly and the Senate, to our President and his Cabinet, and to our Supreme Court—as well as to us all, that all of our institutions and all of our communities fulfill the noble promises of our representative form of selfgovernment. Grant us the courage to become whom You have called us to be—our better selves—so that the United States might continue to be a nation worthy of emulation. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. MCGOVERN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, today I proudly honor the Murphysboro Middle School Blue Devils Girls volleyball team for winning the Class L State Championship for the second straight year. Along the way, the team also captured their eighth consecutive Junior Southwest Egyptian Conference title. That win was also a career milestone for Coach Mike Layne. It marked the 1,000th combined career win while coaching volleyball for Murphysboro Community Unit School District at both the middle school and high school levels. I extend a heartfelt congratulations to the players, coaching staff, school officials, family, and friends who supported these young ladies on their incredible journey. Southern Illinois is proud of you. Go, Blue Devils. 
REJECT THE REPUBLICAN FARM BILL (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow the House Agriculture Committee will mark up the Republican farm bill. This incredibly partisan proposal was drafted in secret. Almost nothing in the bill reflects the 23 hearings our committee held on SNAP. We heard from 90 experts, and not a single one of them, liberal or conservative, suggested eliminating State flexibility through broadbased categorical eligibility and worsening the benefit cliff. Not a single one of them said to us: Kick 400,000 working families out of the program and 265,000 children off of free school meals. Not a single one of them told us to add hurdles for families with heating and cooling costs, and not a single one suggested we kick vulnerable adults off of benefits when they can’t find work. Yet that is exactly what this bill does. The reckless Republican proposals in this bill cut SNAP benefits by over $20 billion, reducing or eliminating benefits for 2 million kids, veterans, working families, and other vulnerable adults. Make no mistake, this bill will make hunger worse in our country. I plead with the Republican leadership of this House: Stop beating up on poor people. f 
MARKING TAX DAY 2018 (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark tax day 2018. I do not make it a habit of celebrating tax day, but this year is different. Tax day 2018 is the last time the American people will have to file their taxes under a complex, outdated Tax Code. The new Tax Code lowers the tax rate for every Montanan. The reduced rates are creating larger paychecks. A teacher in Billings told me her takehome pay has gone up $1,500 a year. The new Tax Code provides relief to Montana families by doubling the child tax credit. Parents will have more money to buy their children clothes, diapers, and food. Today, I am celebrating tax day 2018 because we are putting that old antigrowth Tax Code out to pasture. In its place is a new, simpler Tax Code that cuts rates for all Montanans, helps families, and is growing our economy, leading to more jobs and higher wages. 
ADHERE TO THE RULE OF LAW (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my task this morning to encourage my colleagues to adhere to the rule of law. In keeping with that, my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee—Mr. NADLER, the ranking member, myself, and Mr. COHEN —introduced H.R. 5476, the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act, to protect the work of Special Counsel Mueller and to allow his work to proceed. In the recent days, Mr. Mueller’s prosecutors found information that generated questions about criminal activity. No prosecutor can ignore that kind of evidence. He referred it first to the Deputy Attorney General, Mr. Rosenstein, to approve his potential referral of that information, and he did approve it. It was referred to the Southern District of New York. 
We now come to find out that the President’s attorney has been investigated for a long period of time. We found out a surprise: one of his clients was Sean Hannity, who was already being investigated. This is an insurance that the President will not fire the special counsel and allow his work to continue. That is an Article I responsibility, a constitutional responsibility, and I encourage my colleagues to join us to provide that insurance. 
SAVE A MAJESTIC SHIP FROM SINKING INTO THE DEPTHS OF HISTORY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the first board of her keel landed on the dockyard with a loud thump. It was 107 years ago today, April 17, 1911. One year later, she sailed smoothly into Newport News, Virginia, harbor, christened the USS Texas, BB–35. She was commissioned and saw immediate action in World War I. The Texas made numerous voyages to the North Sea, serving the country and our State of Texas. Upon formal entry into World War II, the battleship Texas escorted war convoys across the Atlantic, was the flagship on Dday, and saw action in the Pacific as well. She was decommissioned in 1948. Texas schoolchildren saved their nickels to bring the ship home to Texas. She is now moored in La Porte, Texas. But now after serving our great Nation, Texas is in danger of being scrapped for parts, a fate unfitting for the majestic ship that served our country. To prevent this, the State of Texas and Congress must band together and work to save the battleship Texas from sinking into the depths of history. And that is just the way it is. 
OPPOSE THE FARM BILL (Ms. DELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the recently released farm bill for 2018. Congressional Republicans and the Trump administration want to unravel the social safety net, and according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, this farm bill cuts total Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits—that is the Food Stamp program—by more than $23 billion. Its stricter work requirements could affect 5 million Americans who receive food stamps in this country—children, seniors, the disabled, and, yes, veterans—even though most recipients who can work already do. All told, 2 million would lose some or all of their benefits. To my colleagues I say, these are not just numbers on a page; these are people who are in need. At the same time, Republicans want to expand the illtargeted commodity programs. They will maintain crop insurance subsidies that have no eligibility requirements or limits. This farm bill is not reform; it is hypocrisy. No one in this Chamber goes hungry. They have three squares or more. I urge my colleagues to defend the Food Stamp program and oppose this farm bill. f 
MARKET DATA PROTECTION (Mr. DAVIDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, the Consolidated Audit Trail stands as the largest financial database in the world and ranks second in size only to the NSA’s database. The value of the sensitive information housed within this database includes Social Security numbers, broker numbers, account numbers. In fact, it is comparable to nine times the wealth that is in Fort Knox—far more sensitive than the Equifax data, whose breach affects 143 million Americans. Despite the enormity of wealth within this database, the unfortunate reality is that its cybersecurity is not yet adequate. The Government Accountability Office report found the SEC’s systems ‘‘at unnecessary risk of compromise.’’ The CAT operator recently delayed the issuing of technical specifications, which means that industry will have just 1 month to transmit all of this market data. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Market Data Protection Act, which passed this House with unanimous support, to guarantee the private information of hundreds of millions of Americans transmits securely and without risk. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues in the Senate to send this bill to the President’s desk. 
TAX BILL BENEFITS THE WEALTHY (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today is tax day, the day that hardworking Americans finish preparing their taxes; and it is already clear, looking at the new tax bill, that it will overwhelmingly benefit CEOs, shareholders, and the wealthiest Americans. Since the passage of this Republican tax bill, corporations have already funneled $250 billion to CEOs and shareholders through stock buybacks, money that is not going to workers. Stock buybacks overwhelmingly benefit the wealthiest Americans and corporate executives. In fact, the richest 10 percent of American households hold 84 percent of stocks. The CBO just released information showing that this tax bill will increase the deficit by $1.9 trillion. So let’s get this straight. The Federal Government borrows almost $2 trillion from our children and our grandchildren so that we can funnel hundreds of billions of dollars to the wealthiest Americans. Is that what we should be doing here? I think not. f 
SYRIAN CHEMICAL ATTACKS (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, President Trump and our British and French allies made it known that the heinous actions of dictator Bashar alAssad will not be tolerated. Over the past 3 years, Assad, aided by Iran and Russia, has continued to carry out chemical warfare against his own people. Not only is this in direct violation of Syria’s previous agreement to destroy their chemical weapons stockpile, but it also violates every tenet of basic human decency and violates our Geneva Conventions standards. Through pictures and images, the world quickly saw the aftermath of Assad’s most recent attack on his own people: scores of people dead or dying while foaming at the mouth, including women and innocent children. By aiding Assad’s murder of his own people and then working to prevent a response by the United Nations, Russia and Iran deserve equal blame and scrutiny when it comes to these attacks. Mr. Speaker, I urge the administration to follow through with the sanctions on Russian companies that was announced by Ambassador Nikki Haley and to continue sending a clear message that these horrific criminal actions by the dictator, Assad, will not be tolerated. 
BRING THE DREAM ACT TO THE FLOOR (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge Speaker RYANdo the following: before he retires, do the right thing and bring the Dream Act to the floor. Already 46 of his Republican colleagues and more than 170 Democrats— that is 218 bipartisan supporters—have, as of today, cosponsored H. Res. 774. This will force debate on competing DACA bills in the House and use a procedure known as Queen of the Hill. This will include four amendments, including Representative ROYBAL  ALLARD ’s clean Dream Act and an amendment, H.R. 4796, the USA Act. Mr. Speaker, this will force a debate on this issue. The Dreamers have the support of the American people and Members of Congress. Bring the Dream Act to the floor. 
b1215 CELEBRATING TAX REFORM ON TAX DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today is tax day. Typically, Americans dread this day—the deadline for filing Federal income tax returns—thanks to a cumbersome, complex, and confusing Tax Code. But fear not. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, this is the last time Americans will file under the old system. Next year, taxpayers will be able to keep more of their hardearned dollars. Approximately twothirds of all households will see a lower marginal income tax rate in 2018, according to a recent analysis by the Tax Policy Center. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, American families can look forward to lower individual tax rates; a nearly double standard deduction, from $6,500 to $12,000 for individuals, and from $13,000 to $24,000 for married couples; and a doubled child tax credit increase from $1,000 to $2,000 per child. Mr. Speaker, these are just some of the benefits. The average American should be able to file their taxes without an army of accountants. I look forward to next year when the majority of American families will see a much easier tax process. It is progrowth, profamily tax reform; fair and simple. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LOTTIE ALBERT (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of my dear friend, Lottie Albert. Lottie was born on December 25, 1915, to Eva and Louis Wernick in New York City. Twentyone years later, Lottie married Sol Albert. The two enjoyed 55 years of marriage and have two lovely daughters, my friends, Harriet and Doreen. Lottie was the loving grandmother to Eric, Glenn, and Lowell, as well as the greatgrandmother to Kyle, Samantha, Heather, and Seth. Lottie was a resident and community leader of Broward County for over 40 years. It has been my honor to see Lottie’s commitment and passion for serving her community. She was an amazing individual who dedicated herself to helping so many throughout south Florida. In 1988, she was inducted into the Area Agency on Aging’s Dr. Nan S. Hutchinson Broward Senior Hall of Fame. Additionally, Broward County honored her by declaring November 12 as Lottie Albert Appreciation Day. In 2012, Lottie was inducted into the Broward County Women’s Hall of Fame for her work with the Ann Storck Children’s Center. Mr. Speaker, Lottie was an extraordinary friend of mine. She helped me at every stage of my career, never wavering, never faltering. On good days and bad days, I knew Lottie would be there for me, as she was for so many of us. Her advice, wisdom, humor, and vast knowledge of life will be sorely missed. f 
THE REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, as the corporations, the wealthy, and the wellconnected enjoy lavish tax cuts, while retaining the ability to avoid paying any taxes whatsoever because of the many tax loopholes still in the Tax Code, millions of low and middleincome Americans work diligently to complete their tax returns today. The Republican tax scam has made the rich even richer, while economic inequality in America has gotten a whole lot worse. Sadly, most Americans say they have seen no change in their withholding taxes. While the wealthy are reaping massive windfalls from the giveaways in the GOP tax scam, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that this tax scam will cause the annual deficit to soar to over $1 trillion in 2020, and an additional $3.4 trillion will be added to the national debt over the next 10 years. Ending deficit spending and reducing the Federal debt is what Republicans have always claimed they were about, but we see now, with Republicans in total control, that they have misled us. It is time to put this scam to bed, Mr. Speaker, and bring new order to this House. Shame on the Republicans. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5192, PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM IDENTITY THEFT ACT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 830 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 830 provides for consideration of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children From Identity Theft Act. The resolution calls for a closed rule, as no amendments to the bill were submitted. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation is designed to reduce identity fraud by allowing financial institutions to verify the accuracy of a name, Social Security number, and date of birth before passing that information to credit bureaus. This legislation is designed to target something known as synthetic identity fraud. This begins when a criminal combines a real Social Security number with fictitious information, such as a name and date of birth, to apply for credit with a financial institution that passes information to credit bureaus for a credit check. Credit bureaus create a record based on the fraudulent credentials. Over time, this creates a synthetic identity based on the valid Social Security number but a false name. Currently, children and other vulnerable individuals are more likely to be victims of synthetic identity theft because they do not drive, work, or establish credit. This makes it easier for an identity thief to misuse the Social Security number of a child without being detected. Reports indicate that over 1 million children have their identity stolen each year. Studies show that children are 50 times more likely than adults to be a victim of identity theft. This is a real and serious issue that is only becoming more and more common. According to TransUnion, a record $355 million in outstanding credit card balances was owed by people who it suspects didn’t exist in 2017. That is up more than eightfold from 2012. This type of fraud can saddle children with unintended debt and a flawed 
credit history sometimes before they can even walk or drive a car. That is why this bipartisan legislation is so important. The bill would require the Social Security Administration to create a verification system to match the name, Social Security number, and date of birth submitted by permitted entities against their official records. This would allow financial institutions to verify the accuracy of the customer’s personal information in order to guard against synthetic identity fraud. Importantly, the bill requires that users of the verification system pay the full cost to limit any costs to taxpayers. Also, the bill ensures that the provisions do not distract the Social Security Administration from their core duties and responsibilities. It is also important to note that the bill includes protections to ensure the verification system is secure and not subject to abuse or misuse. The consumer must also consent before their information could be subject to an inquiry. This is bipartisan, commonsense legislation that solves a realworld problem, but I bet it will never get the attention that it deserves. This bill went through regular order. It passed out of the Ways and Means Committee on a 38–0 vote, and I hope it receives a similar vote here on the House floor. Despite what some in the national news media would have you to believe, this type of bipartisan legislation actually happens all the time here in the House. The vast majority of bills we pass receive bipartisan support, and while that may not make for the best television, it is the reality of the work we do on a daily basis. So I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the Protecting Children From Identity Theft Act, and let’s work to solve a problem impacting Americans each and every day. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 830 and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is kind of good to see a Floridian in the pro tempore chair. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate this rule. Last night at the Rules Committee, we had the opportunity to hear from Chairman KEVIN BRADY of the Committee on Ways and Means, the chairman of the Oversight Subcommittee, LYNN JENKINS , and the ranking member of the Oversight Subcommittee, JOHNLEWIS, about this legislation. They discussed—hey, America, listen to this—the bipartisan nature in which they worked on this issue to craft legislation that they hope can achieve strong bipartisan support in this body. It came out of committee 38–0. H.R. 5192 protects young children and recent immigrants from synthetic identity theft, a type of fraud that involves combining a legitimate Social Security number with a fake name in order to create a new synthetic identity. One in every 10 children have fallen victim to this type of threat. Research has shown that children’s identities are stolen at a rate of 50 times more frequently than adults, resulting in children and families shouldering unforeseeable debt and a flawed credit history that is extremely difficult to clear. Mr. Speaker, in a refreshing change of pace, this measure, as I indicated, had a 38–0 vote coming out of the markup in committee and included input from Democrats, the IRS, and consumer protection advocates. Unsurprisingly, as I have indicated, it came out of committee overwhelmingly with all 16 Democrats voting in favor. The bipartisanship reflected in this bill is certainly a rarity in this body and, frankly, could have easily come before us under suspension of the rules. It is now painfully obvious what the Republican majority’s playbook is. My friends across the aisle can work in a bipartisan manner if they want to, but when it comes to major issues facing our country, like taking away healthcare from 23 million Americans or handing a $1.5 trillion tax giveaway to America’s wealthiest citizens, they would rather force through partisan legislation written in back rooms with little to no expert analysis, similar to the farm bill that is about to come out here sometime in the nottodistant future. While it is certainly refreshing that we are working in a bipartisan manner for a change, protecting children and families from identity theft is not the only bipartisan priority. These reforms are just as pressing as protecting our children from gun violence, providing relief for hardworking, young Dreamers, and debating the use of military force overseas—or how about an infrastructure bill of consequence and real immigration reform. b1230 Sixtyeight percent of Americans say Congress must do more to reduce gun violence. More than a million Americans took to the streets across the country to march for our lives and to urge Congress to take action to reduce gun violence. I had the honor of sitting on the stage on that day, and I was never as proud as I was of the children from Broward County, where I am privileged to serve, or from around this Nation, and their friends and allies, parents, loved ones, and constituents who came from all over the country here, as well as to events in a significant number of locations around the country. 207 members of Congress, including 14 Republicans, are sponsoring H.R. 4240, the Democratic Representative MIKE THOMPSON ’s bill that would give States the resources to help them submit information to the background check system. One hundred Members of Congress, including seven Republicans, are cosponsoring the Gun Violence Restraining Order Act, which will allow family members or law enforcement officials to petition a judge to temporarily remove firearms from an individual in crisis. We had that example in Florida after it passed its law. Immediately, a family came to the sheriff’s office to have weapons taken from a person in crisis. Has the Speaker brought these bipartisan measures to the floor for a vote? No. The Republican majority has refused to take up even the most basic commonsense legislation to help mitigate the epidemic of gun violence facing this country. My friends across the aisle have even refused to address the use of bump stocks, a reform whose need is agreed upon by Democrats and Republicans, including the President. Fortunately, in the State of Florida, it did pass in the last session of the legislature. Mr. Speaker, just last year, 34 House Republicans signed a letter to Speaker PAUL RYAN urging him to bring forward a permanent legislative solution for the Dreamers, these young, hardworking individuals who are stuck in legal limbo. But despite this bipartisan support, not to mention the support of 90 percent of the American public, the Republican majority continues to block the Dream Act, ignoring the calls of the vast majority of Americans. It is time for the Trump administration and Republicancontrolled Congress to stop playing politics with the lives of Dreamers and come to terms with the fact that their long antiimmigrant wish list is not going anywhere fast. Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives is a place where the issues facing our Nation should be addressed and solved in a bipartisan manner, similar to this legislation. It is a sad state of affairs for the Nation that Congress has continued to sit idly by while the executive branch further engages our military in conflicts overseas without congressional authorization. Republican leadership’s refusal to allow a robust debate on the efficacy of an authorization of the use of military force for our presence in Syria is not only a dereliction of duty but does a great disservice to the country and our Constitution. If the President, any President, intends to further involve American troops in the Syrian conflict, or any conflict, then Congress has not only the responsibility but also the constitutional authority to lead that conversation. Despite acrosstheaisle support for these pressing problems, we are not here today debating the rule to address gun violence in America. We are not here today debating the rule to protect Dreamers from being removed from our 
workforce or being deported to countries of which they have no knowledge. We are not here today debating the rule for the use of military force in Syria. We are not here today discussing immigration reform. We are not here today discussing an infrastructure measure that is desperately needed. When I came to Congress in 1992, there were 14,000 bridges in this country in need of repair. Today there are 54,000 bridges in this country in need of repair. But we are not discussing that here today. Instead, we are using floor time to discuss a bill that could have easily been considered on the suspension calendar, and I predict that, had it been on the suspension calendar, 435 Members, or as many as assembled, would have voted unanimously in favor of the measure today as they would if it were on the floor at this particular moment. Are my friends across the aisle intent on running out the clock before the midterm elections? Is that what the American people have to look forward to over the next 7 months? The people who sent us here deserve bipartisan solutions to the pressing problems confronting this great Nation. Not next month. Not next week. Not tomorrow. But today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the remarks of my good friend from Florida. I do want to note the presence on the floor of our newest member of the Rules Committee, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ). We welcome her to the committee. I do think there are bipartisan things that we can do. The gentleman said one that I think is very important; that is, infrastructure. He and I have had this discussion before. The President wants us to do an infrastructure bill, and I think all of us want to do an infrastructure bill. I think there is some time here we need to take to make sure that we do get a bipartisan bill in that regard. I don’t think it will pass without a bipartisan agreement, so I hope we do that. On the gun issue, as I think the gentleman knows, the bump stock rule was actually something put in place by ATF under the Obama administration, and President Trump has asked the ATF essentially to rescind it, and they are in the process of doing that. So I hope they’ll do that. We did pass, and this body is part of our appropriations bill for this fiscal year that has gone to the President and been signed, the Fix NICS bill. So there are gun legislation things, addressing these issues, that are moving forward. He also brought up the very important issue of immigration. The President, I think, has made some very bold moves in that regard to try to get a discussion going so that we can have some bipartisanship here. It is clear that that is not going to pass both the House and the Senate without that. I hope that those negotiations and those discussions can somehow resume because they clearly hit a very bad spot. The President has shown his good faith. I hope the rest of us can reach back and find a way to address this issue. But this issue is not just the Dreamers. It is also border security. If we are not willing to talk about that and chain migration and the others, we are not really talking about immigration reform; we are talking about one piece of it. With regard to the AUMF, Authorization for Use of Military Force, I am a strong advocate, as I think the gentleman knows, for a new AUMF. Actually, I am a cosponsor for one of the bills that would provide for that. I have said, going back several years, that I think we have been operating in certain parts of the world without adequate authorization. And whether it is constitutionally required or not, I think it is the right thing to do. However, I do not think the President had to have prior congressional authorization before the strike that was launched Friday night against Syria in conjunction with France and Great Britain. He clearly has that authority under Article II of the Constitution, to protect our servicemen and women who are in Syria right now. So I applaud what the President did. I applaud the way he did it. But I am clear in my thinking that he did not need prior authorization from Congress to go there. Now, I hope that we will get a strategy in general for Syria that fits into our overall strategy to the Middle East. We have been stumbling around in Syria for several years now. President Obama put out the socalled red line, and then the Syrians walked across it and used chemical weapons against their people. And we did nothing. All that did was encourage further bad behavior like what we saw in this horrible chemical attack on innocent civilians in Syria. At least President Trump is doing something. And I hope that that something that he has done will send a loud message, not just to the Assad regime in Syria but also to Russia and to Iran, that the civilized world is not going to tolerate that sort of activity. And we don’t care who does it; we are going to take appropriate action. The President had the authorization to do it, and I am glad that he did it. We are not done legislating this year. I think the gentleman suggests that we are, but we have got some big bills coming before us. This week we will take up a major IRS reform bill. I am looking forward to that, this being tax day for so many of us. A good tax day for the vast majority of the people in America, by the way. We will be taking up a reauthorization of the Federal Aviation Administration. We will be taking up another farm bill. We will be taking up the National Defense Authorization Act that comes out of the Committee on Armed Services that I am in. We have a host of legislation that we will be doing, and I think doing successfully, between now and when we have these midterm elections in November. So we are not done legislating by any means. I look forward to continuing to debate these issues, but today we are talking about a very important bill that did come through committee in a bipartisan fashion and, I believe, is going to get broad bipartisan support here in this body, once more showing the American people that we can get the people’s work done in the right way. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, through you, I would advise my friend that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I am as well. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I listened very intently to my friend from Alabama, and he indicated that the action that was just undertaken over the weekend by this administration was ‘‘something,’’ and I maintain that it was under an old Authorization for Use of Military Force. Listen, one of the reasons Congress won’t undertake to debate an authorization for the use of military force, which I would urge my friend would give us a strategy if we had that debate and at least the administration would have Congress’ input with reference to the use of military force—we can’t continue to have pin pricks at the whim of any President. I argued the same thing during the Obama administration, and I argued it during the Clinton administration. What we have done is abdicate our responsibility in Congress when it comes to war. And if you think it isn’t war, then ask the 500,000 people who are dead as a result of this measure undertaken in Syria, not just by the United States but with a variety of forces fighting inside. If you think it isn’t war when a bomb destroys a building, or 76 missiles destroy buildings, then I have news for you about what war looks like. And we had no input. My understanding is the administration met with the leadership of the Republican Party. I don’t recall hearing a single Democrat was invited to have any discussion at all about this matter. Mr. Speaker, I applaud this bipartisan legislation, as I have said, that would limit synthetic identity fraud and help protect millions of identities, including those of young children and recent immigrants, from being stolen. In a refreshing change of pace, this measure received input from Democrats, the IRS, and consumer protection advocates. My friend from Alabama said that there are measures that are coming 
forward, and I applaud him that those measures are coming forward. But I didn’t hear him say that there were going to be measures having to do with Dreamers. I didn’t hear him say there was anything that would be significantly involved in gun violence other than his words with reference to bump stocks and some reference back to some other date in time. I am talking about right now, not only bump stocks but the necessary indicia for buying a weapon and the age for buying a weapon and a variety of measures. Twentysix measures exist right here in the House of Representatives on which we could be voting—any one of them—that are commonsense gun reform. And we refuse to do so because the Speaker won’t put them on the floor. I hope that we can continue working together across the aisle to confront the pressing issues facing this great Nation. When the farm bill comes here, I hope Democrats have some input. They haven’t had any at this point. And we can help people whom we have been elected to serve. b1245 However, it is time that we address gun violence in America; it is time that we protect Dreamers; it is time we exert our constitutional authority and debate a new Authorization for Use of Military Force; and it is time for us to repair these brokendown bridges and raggedy roads in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the remarks of my good friend from Florida. I certainly hope that there can be some further discussions and we can have something that comes forth on this floor that is truly bipartisan on the issue of immigration reform, including border security. I know that there are some people, not including my friend from Florida, who would like to pass legislation that would repeal the Second Amendment. I hope that that legislation doesn’t come to the floor because I do not think it would meet with the approval of the vast majority of the people of America. I do strongly believe at some point we should be debating on this floor a new Authorization for Use of Military Force. But I will say again, the President did not need that authorization for what he did on Friday night, not because he was presuming to act under an old authorization, but because he had the inherent power to do that under Article II of the Constitution. If he is acting under that authority, he doesn’t need extra authorization from us. This bill, however, that we are talking about today is something we can all agree on, is something that is important for protecting young children and, yes, for protecting people who have just become immigrant citizens of this country. So I applaud the fact that we have come forward with this legislation. It shows that we are working together. I look forward to the debate on the floor of this House. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 830 and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid upon the table. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4403) to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable information, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4403 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4403, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak today in support of H.R. 4403, the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act, a bipartisan, commonsense bill, authorized by Congressman JEFFDENHAM  and gentleman BILLPASCRELL . It was favorably reported out of the Ways and Means Committee by a voice vote last week. This legislation will help put an end to the inadvertent disclosure of personally identifiable information, such as Social Security numbers and passport numbers that are transmitted on certain shipment documents to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection. CBP, as it is called, is required by law to make certain shipment data available to the public, but that information should not include personally identifiable information which may be erroneously included on shipment documents by carriers. CBP maintains procedures for individuals to request confidential treatment for their personal information, but that process is slow. Plus, individuals probably would not seek confidential treatment if they don’t realize that their personal information was included on shipment documents in the first place. Even if the release of such information is unintended, Federal agencies should not be putting Americans at risk for identity theft, credit card fraud, and unwanted solicitations. We can, and should, do more to protect Americans from such risks and hold Federal agencies accountable. This legislation would do just that by requiring CBP to ensure that such personal information is no longer disclosed. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman DENHAM and my good friend, Congressman PASCRELL , the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Trade, for introducing this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I speak today in support of the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act, which would require that U.S. Customs and Border Protection ensures that personally identifiable information is not publicly disclosed during an international household move. 
Customs is currently required to adequately protect personally identifiable information that is provided on, among other things, international shipping documents. In order to fulfill this mandate, Customs currently maintains procedures that allow shippers to request confidential treatment of certain information. However, it can often take Customs several months to make a determination on such a request. Some determinations are not even made until after the information has already been publicly disclosed. That is the problem. As a result, personally identifiable information has been mistakenly disclosed to the public. This impact has been acutely felt by U.S. civil servants and military personnel, which make up a large percentage of international household moves. Disclosing this information has increased the risks that individuals may be the victims of identity theft and credit card fraud. b1315 In my view, the current system at Customs is not working as well as it could or should. I also do not believe that individuals should bear the burden of making a proactive request to Customs to ensure that their personally identifiable information is not publicly disclosed. We should be able to expect that our government will protect such sensitive information. This bill is intended to rectify the problems by mandating that Customs put in place a proactive system that will prevent personally identifiable information from being made public. I call on my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation that has support on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), the coauthor of this legislation. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman REICHERT of the Subcommittee on Trade for yielding and for his work on this important issue. Protecting Americans’ personally identifiable information has been hotly debated in the Halls of Congress this month. Last week, we debated appropriate limitations on private companies’ access, use, and distribution of private data. This week in the House, we are moving a package of bills to improve the Federal Government’s use of Americans’ data to ensure that the government is doing everything to keep its citizens safe. Private companies should not be selling personal information without consent, but unequivocally, the Federal Government should not be selling the personal information of its citizens and armed services members. I introduced H.R. 4403, the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act, to ensure that Federal agencies are taking the necessary extra step of removing Social Security numbers, passport numbers, and ID numbers from shipping information. Currently, the Customs and Border Protection agency is not taking this step. In absence of this action, when Americans move internationally, their information may be erroneously made public online. Representatives from the Department of Defense, Department of State, the DEA, and FBI, and others have heard from their employees on numerous occasions that their information has been found for sale on the internet through the manifest disclosure process. Annual Department of Defense moves alone are enormous in scope, with roughly 600,000 servicemembers and their families moving every year, of which 200,000 of those are going international. In 2014 and 2015, the Army’s Surface Deployment and Distribution Command issued separate advisories alerting servicemembers to this issue. We must do a better job of protecting our armed servicemembers who are making a sacrifice to wear the cloth of this great Nation. I want to be clear that there is merit to shipping and cargo statistics. We need to make them available for economic trend analysis, but that does not mean that we put our citizens and Armed Forces at risk in the process. The manifest disclosure process should not be repealed. The CBP should be required to remove the sensitive data. Chairman BRADY and Chairman REICHERT have identified this issue and unanimously reported the bill out of the committee last week. It is good governance and bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colead, Congressman PASCRELL , for his work on this bill, and I urge its passage. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, today is tax day, as if you didn’t know that, and newly filed FEC reports show that the President’s campaign paid his businesses $150,000 in the first quarter of this year, including $68,000 to the Trump Hotel in D.C., and $58,000 for rent. Lobbyists in foreign governments continue to spend money at these hotels. We have no way of verifying what that income looks like or where it is coming from. Candidate Trump said on the campaign trail: ‘‘My whole life I have been greedy, greedy, greedy. I have grabbed all the money I could get. I am so greedy.’’ Since the election, we have witnessed not just his own conflicts of selfenrichment at taxpayers’ expense, but petty graft from members of his Cabinet and his administration, lavish travel on military jets and firstclass tickets for personal reasons, and expensive office decorations. Lobbyists have been welcomed into agencies to write their own regulations. His campaign and White House is filled with the ranks of people who already have pleaded guilty; Michael Flynn, who sold his connections to Russia and Turkish dictators while working for Mr. Trump; and so many other associates and their connections to foreign governments as leverage, and that is potentially a conflict of interest. Bribery and grift might have a place in a crime family, but it has no place in the Office of the President or in the Congress of the United States, and this Congress has been absolutely derelict and complicit in the unprecedented conflicts of this Presidency. Since February of 2017, I have been calling on the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means to request the President’s tax returns, which he has the authority to do under section 6103 of the Tax Code. I have called up resolutions. Eighteen times the committee and this House have voted against seeing the President’s tax returns. Why? Why did the President support giving rich people and corporations a giant tax cut? Why is he letting Wall Street and Big Oil write their own rules? Why are his children still running his company? Why has he not divested, as he was told to do by the ethics commissioner? President Trump seems to have an unhealthy admiration for authoritarian leaders. He seems to have a vision of turning America into an economy and government run by his own greedy and connected circle of oligarchs. But subverting our democracy for personal gain while Congress looks the other way is poisonous to our republic and our democracy and it is an anthema to our values. Today is tax day, the 452nd day of Mr. Trump’s Presidency and the 452nd day this Congress has let him off the hook. I call on the chairman of Ways and Means to stop delaying and get Mr. Trump’s tax returns now, like every other President for the past several decades. The American people demand it. We owe it to our democracy to shed light on his conflicts. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  an article from New York magazine. 
[From New York Magazine, April 1, 2018] 501 DAYS IN SWAMPLAND  (By Joy Crane and Nick Tabor, Introduction by David Cay Johnston) On the day he took the oath of office, Donald Trump delivered two messages about what to expect from his administration. First came the lofty promise of his inaugural address. ‘‘The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer,’’ he vowed. ‘‘For too long, a small group in our nation’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the 
cost. Washington flourished—but the people did not share in its wealth.’’ The second message, which Trump delivered without speaking a word, was aimed at a much smaller, but very rich, audience. As the new president’s motorcade left the Capitol, rolling past knots of supporters and protesters, it suddenly stopped three blocks short of the White House. Trump, the First Lady, and the rest of his family got out of their limos and took a threeminute turn in the middle of Pennsylvania Avenue. This was no random spot. The very first place Trump headed after being sworn in— his true destination all along, in a sense— was the Old Post Office and Clock Tower, which only 12 days before the election had been repurposed as the Trump International Hotel Washington. The elegant granite structure, whose architectural character Trump had promised to preserve, was now besmirched by a gaudy, fauxgold sign bearing his name. The carefully choreographed stop sent a clear signal to the foreign governments, lobbyists, and corporate interests keen on currying favor in Washington. Oil companies, mining interests, insurance executives, foreign diplomats, and defense contractors all rushed to book their annual conferences at Trump’s hotels and resorts, where Cabinet members graciously addressed them. After hiking the nightly rate to $653— 32 percent higher than other local luxury hotels—Trump collected $2 million in profits from the property during his first three months in office. By last August, the hotel’s bar and restaurant had hauled in another $8 million in revenue. And although Trump has pledged to give away any money his hotels earn from foreign governments, the plan contains a lucrative loophole: Employees at his hotels admit that they make no effort to identify guests who represent other countries, meaning that much of the foreign money spent at Trump’s properties flows directly into his own pockets. On March 28, a federal judge allowed a lawsuit to go forward that charges Trump with violating the Constitution by accepting money from foreign governments at his D.C. hotel. In fact, although Trump refuses to disclose the details of his myriad business operations, he continues to enjoy access to every dime he makes as president. Instead of setting up a blind trust to avoid conflicts of interest, as other presidents have done, Trump put his two grown sons in charge of his more than 500 business entities. His sons regularly brief Trump about how the enterprises are doing. What’s more, only 15 days after this ‘‘eyes wide open’’ trust was set up, Trump amended the fine print to allow him to take money out of the operation any time he pleases. The loophole, buried on page 161 of the 166–page form, stipulates that any ‘‘net income or principal’’ can be distributed to Trump ‘‘at his request.’’ Far from putting his wealth in a blind trust, Trump asked the public for its blind trust, effectively sticking his money in a piggy bank in Don Jr.’s room that he is free to raid at any hour of the day or night. Trump’s children are working hard to cash in on his time in office—especially with foreign investors. At taxpayer expense, they have flown to Uruguay, the Dominican Republic, Dubai, and India in search of licensing and realestate deals, trading on the president’s influence in exchange for investments. But the biggest complication of Trump’s presidency—and the one he works hardest to keep secret—is the way his entire business operation is mired in massive debt. Rather than being independently wealthy, public records show, Trump and the business partnerships in which he is a leading investor owe big banks and foreign governments at least $2.3 billion—far more than his disclosure reports indicate. His largest single loan—for nearly $1 billion—is from a syndicate assembled by Goldman Sachs that includes the stateowned Bank of China If either Trump or Jared Kushner, who tried to shake down Qatar’s finance minister for a loan, winds up needing to negotiate new terms on his ballooning debt, America could find itself being dictated to by a foreign government—all because the White House, thanks to Trump’s business model, has become a true House of Cards. What follows is 501 days of official corruption, from smalltime graft and brazen influence peddling to fullblown raids on the federal Treasury. But as even this initial glimpse makes clear, Trump isn’t draining the swamp—he’s monetizing it.—David Cay Johnston 
TRUMP ’S HOTEL IN D .C. 2016 12/7 Diplomats from Bahrain move the country’s National Day celebration from the RitzCarlton to the ballroom at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. 2017 1/20 A watchdog group calls on the General Services Administration, a federal agency, to stop leasing the Old Post Office to Trump for use as the hotel. The agency’s ethics division, which reports to Trump, rules that the $180 million deal is fine. 1/23 Saudi Arabia holds a bash at the hotel after renting rooms for lobbyists for five months. Trump’s haul: $270,000. 2/25 The Kuwaiti Embassy, reportedly pressured by the Trump Organization, moves its National Day celebration from the Four Seasons to Trump’s hotel. 3/1 The National Railroad Construction and Maintenance Association hosts a dinner at the hotel, drenched in Trumpbranded coffee and wine. 3/22 The American Petroleum Institute holds its board meeting at Trump’s hotel, where it meets with EPA chief Scott Pruitt. A month later, Pruitt suspends drilling regulations. 5/1 Rates at the hotel jump to $653 per night, a price hike of 60 percent since Trump’s election. 5/21 A Turkish government council holds its annual conference at the hotel. The group’s chair founded the company that paid $530,000 to former nationalsecurity adviser Michael Flynn for lobbying work. 7/17 Ecigarettemakers hold their annual conference at the hotel. Ten days later, the FDA announces it will delay federal oversight of ecigarettes until 2022. 8/11 A federal agency accidentally posts the hotel’s Q1 profits: $2 million. 9/13 Staffers for Linda McMahon, head of the Small Business Administration, try to cover up the fact that she addressed a business lobbying event at the hotel, avoiding images of hotel signs bearing Trump’s name when posting photos of the event on Twitter. 9/28 The Fund for American Studies, a conservative organization, hosts a lunch at the hotel. The keynote speaker, Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, thanks Trump’s staff for helping him get confirmed. 10/4 At its annual board meeting, the National Mining Association is addressed by three Cabinet members: Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta, and Energy Secretary Rick Perry. ‘‘Coal is fighting back,’’ Perry exults over breakfast with the country’s top mining executives. ‘‘Clearly the president wants to revive, not revile, this vital resource. ‘‘Five days later, the Trump administration announces the repeal of Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which would have encouraged states to replace coal with wind and solar energy. The plan would have cut climatewarming pollution from coal plants by a third and saved taxpayers and consumers as much as $93 billion a year. The venue for the mining board’s meeting: the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. 10/5 A commercial realestate trade association hosts an awards gala at Trump’s hotel, sponsored by a roster of prominent lobbying agents. 10/11 The American Legislative Exchange Council, a powerful conservative lobbying group with ties to the Koch brothers, announces that the venue for its 45thanniversary gala will be Trump’s hotel. The group requests corporate sponsorships of up to $100,000. 2018 3/5 The Independent Petroleum Association of America holds a threeday lobbying event at the hotel. 3/28 A federal judge declines to stop a lawsuit that accuses Trump of violating the Constitution by accepting money from foreign governments at his hotel. 
MARALAGO  ‘‘The ornate Jazz Age house was designed with OldWorld Spanish, Venetian, and Portuguese influences.’’—From a state department promo online 2016 12/31 MaraLago hosts a New Year’s Eve party with Trump, priced at $525 a ticket. His take for the night: $400,000. 2017 1/1 The resort quietly doubles its initiation fee to $200,000—a potential haul of $2 million. In return, club members get access to the president on a par with White House officials. 4/4 The State Department runs an online promotion for MaraLago, which is also picked up by embassy websites in England and Albania. 4/6 Trump and Ivanka meet with Chinese president Xi Jinping at MaraLago. That same day, China approves trademarks for three of Ivanka’s brands. 6/16 Financialdisclosure filings show that Trump’s revenues from the resort soared by 25 percent during his presidential run. 7/17 The administration increases the allotment of H2–B visas for foreign workers. Within days, MaraLago applies for 76 of the new visas—even though a local jobs agency has 5,100 applicants qualified to fill the openings. 11/10 The Republican Attorneys General Association, which has spent more than $75,000 at Trump’s properties in five months, holds a reception at MaraLago. It later forms a ‘‘working group’’ to partner with the Trump administration to roll back environmental protections. 12/9 Oxbow Carbon, a major energy company that would benefit from the Keystone XL pipeline, holds its annual holiday gala at MaraLago. 12/31 Trump boosts ticket prices for his New Year’s Eve bash to $750. Taxpayers foot the $26,000 bill for lights, generators, and tent rental. 2018 1/9 The Trump administration opens offshore drilling in all but one state: Florida, where oil and gas exploration could hurt business at MaraLago. 2/18 Reports reveal that Trump regularly solicits input from MaraLago members on everything from gun control to Jared Kushner’s favorability. 2/26 An Israelfocused charity, the Truth About Israel, relocates its gala to Mara Lago in appreciation of the president’s support for Israel. 
TRUMP ’S OTHER PROPERTIES & INVESTMENTS  2016 11/14 In a call with Argentina’s president, Mauricio Macri, Trump reportedly pushes for 
approval to build a Trump Tower in downtown Buenos Aires Ivanka Trump, who oversees the family business with her brothers, sits in on the call. 2017 1/24 Trump signs an executive order to fast track the Dakota Access Pipeline. He claims to have sold the stock he owns in the pipeline’s builders—as much as $300,000—but offers no proof. 1/27 Trump issues the travel ban but leaves off Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Egypt—countries where he has significant business interests. His company was paid as much as $10 million for use of his name on a tower in Istanbul, and he registered eight new businesses in Saudi Arabia during his campaign. 2/3 Trump, who owned as much as $5 million in bank stocks in 2016, orders the Treasury secretary to consider ways to roll back regulations on banks. The value of bank stocks soars nearly 30 percent during his first year in office. 2/14 Trump, who owned stock in large oil companies, allows oil companies to hide the payments they make to foreign governments in exchange for extraction rights. The move comes only two months after ExxonMobil, which lobbied for the concession, donated $500,000 to Trump’s inauguration. 2/21 Angela Chen, a consultant with ties to China’s ruling elite, buys a $16 million penthouse in a Trumpowned property. 2/28 Trump, who owns 12 golf courses in the U.S., rolls back a rule that limits water pollution by golf courses. 4/29 Overriding diplomatic concerns, Trump invites Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte to the White House. To gain favor with Trump, Duterte had appointed the president’s partner on the Trump Tower in Manila as his economic envoy to the U.S. 5/7 The Metals Service Center Institute, which is pushing the Commerce Department for steel tariffs, holds its annual conference at Trump’s resort in Miami. 5/16 The Republican Governors Association holds a conference at Trump’s golf club in Miami, where members strategize with corporate executives over how to persuade the new administration to dismantle environmental regulations and enact other business friendly moves. Trump’s take for the conference: $400,000. 5/19 Trump proposes slashing HUD’s budget—but retains a subsidy that has poured more than $490 million into a housing complex in Brooklyn where Trump has a financial stake. 6/16 Lynne Patton, an event planner and friend of the Trump family with no experience in housing, is put in charge of the HUD region covering New York and New Jersey— giving her a senior position in the agency that disburses federal subsidies to a Brooklyn housing complex from which Trump made $5 million in 2016. (Patton recused herself from matters involving the complex, after a congressional committee sent a letter to HUD.)* 8/2 Activists protest against JPMorgan Chase, which lobbied to slash the corporate tax rate while paying Trump $1.5 million a year in rent at one of his office buildings. 9/19 Report reveals that the Pentagon spends $130,000 a month in rent at Trump Tower—more than twice as much as other tenants. 10/9 Trump International Hotel in Chicago hosts a twoday conference for the manufacturing industry. 10/10 An insuranceindustry trade association holds its fourday annual conference at Trump’s resort in Miami. 10/16 GEO Group, the nation’s largest for profit prison company, holds its annual conference at the Trump National Doral. The company poured $450,000 into Trump’s campaign and inauguration after Obama announced plans to end all federal contracts with private prisons. GEO also hired two of Jeff Sessions’s former aides, plus a former Trump Organization employee, as lobbyists. The investment paid off: A month after Trump took office, he ended the ban on private prisons. GEO received a $110 million contract to build a new immigration jail in Texas, plus $44 million a year to operate it. Earlier this year, the federal Bureau of Prisons announced it would slash some 6,000 jobs and transfer more inmates to private facilities. 10/18 Defense contractor L3 Technologies holds its annual meeting at Trump National Doral. L3 depends on government largesse for 84 percent of its revenue. 10/19 In a break with tradition, Trump personally interviews candidates for U.S. attorney in the districts that cover most of his business dealings. For the New York position, he ultimately chooses one of his campaign donors. 11/7 Trump hawks his golf course during a major speech to South Korea’s legislature. 11/8 A paydaylender lobbying group announces it will hold its 2018 annual conference at the Trump National Doral. Two months later, the administration announces it is considering scrapping a rule that requires payday lenders to stop taking advantage of clients who cannot pay off their loans. 2018 1/2 A judge rules that Starrett City, a housing complex in Brooklyn that Trump owns a stake in, can be sold to private developers. The sale is expected to net Trump $14 million after the administration approves it.* 2/21 Mississippi awards $6 million in tax breaks to a new Trumpbranded hotel. 
FAMILY & FRIENDS  ‘‘The company and policy and government are completely separated. We have built an unbelievable wall in between the two.’’—Eric Trump 2016 11/13 While appearing on 60 Minutes to discuss her father’s election, Ivanka Trump wears a $10,800 bracelet from her jewelry company. After the interview, the company sends out a ‘‘style alert’’ promoting the bracelet to reporters. 12/6 Firm founded by Melania Trump’s friend and adviser Stephanie Winston Wolkoff receives $26 million for helping plan the inauguration. 2017 1/5 Eric Trump jets to Uruguay to check on an unfinished Trump condo tower. The trip costs taxpayers $97,830. 2/5 Eric Trump spends $200,000 in taxpayer money to jet to the Dominican Republic to push for a Trumpbranded project. The deal— which would put Trump’s name on 17 high rises—violates a Dominican height limit for new resorts. It also breaks Trump’s vow not to seek overseas deals during his presidency. The Dominican president personally approves the highrises. ‘‘Here in the palace, the president’s thoughts are that this U.S president is angry and we better not get in his way,’’ a former Dominican ambassador explains. ‘‘We don’t want to cross him.’’ 2/6 Melania’s lawyers, suing a British paper for libel, argue its reporting ruined her ‘‘onceinalifetime opportunity’’ to monetize her position as First Lady by cashing in on ‘‘multimilliondollar business relationships.’’ 2/9 Kellyanne Conway offers ‘‘free commercial’’ for Ivanka’s clothing line on Fox News. ‘‘Go buy it today, everybody.’’ Trump refuses to discipline her, defying recommendation of his own ethics agency. 2/18 Taxpayers pay $16,000 to provide security for Eric Trump and Donald Jr. during their trip to open a Trumpbranded golf course in Dubai. The event is invitation only. 3/3 Jared Kushner meets with the CEO of Citigroup, which is lobbying to loosen financial regulations. Citigroup subsequently lends Kushner’s company $325 million to develop a group of office buildings in Brooklyn. 3/9 Kushner fails to disclose his ownership of Cadre, a realestate startup. The firm’s value shot up by millions of dollars after he entered the White House. 3/20 Eric’s wife posts a photo on Instagram of the family’s weeklong ski vacation in Aspen. Taxpayers were charged $330,000 for security details and another $200,000 for luxury lodgings. 3/20 Ivanka, refusing to place her assets in a blind trust, sets up shop in the West Wing. 4/24 Kushner’s family tries to broker funding for his realestate ventures with Qatar’s finance minister. The minister declines. A month later, Kushner supports diplomatic actions against Qatar. 5/4 State Department and Voice of America promote Ivanka’s book Women Who Work 5/5 Trump extends fasttrack visas for foreigners who invest $500,000 in U.S. properties. The next day, Kushner’s sister promises visas to Chinese investors if they put $500,000 into the family’s properties in New Jersey. 5/17 Kushner’s company is subpoenaed by federal prosecutors and the SEC for its promotion of the investmentforvisa program. 7/21 CNN finds that even after his family business apologizes for namedropping Kushner at a marketing event in Beijing, it highlights his White House role in an online sales pitch to Chinese investors. 10/3 Kushner fined $200 for missing a disclosure deadline. To date, he has been forced to change his disclosure form 39 times for failing to mention potential conflicts of interest. 10/4 ProPublica investigation reveals that after Manhattan DA Cyrus Vance dropped a criminal investigation against Donald Jr. and Ivanka, their attorney arranged a fund raiser on Vance’s behalf, donating $32,000 himself and raising at least $9,000 more. 11/1 Apollo Global Management lends Kushner’s realestate company $184 million— triple the size of its average loan—after meeting with him in the White House six weeks later, the SEC drops investigation into Apollo’s finances. 12/3 Kushner is exposed for failing to disclose that his family’s foundation—which he led for nine years—funded an illegal Israeli settlement on the West Bank. Just before Trump took office, Kushner tried to sway a U.N. vote against an antisettlement resolution. 2018 2/20 Donald Jr. tours India to sell Trump branded homes; several newspapers run an ad promising a ‘‘conversation and dinner’’ with him—for an additional fee of $30,000. 
OFFICIALS & THEIR PALS  ‘‘We are going to send the special interests packing.’’—Donald Trump 2017 1/19 During his confirmation as Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin fails to disclose a hedge fund he registered in the Cayman Islands to avoid paying federal taxes—the very thing he is supposed to collect as Treasury secretary. 1/24 During his confirmation as secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price fails to disclose an insider deal he got on $520,000 in stock in a biotech company. As secretary, he will be in a position to approve a drug the company has developed. 
2/9 Reports reveal that a top White House aide, Chris Liddell, participated in meetings between Trump and the CEOs of 18 companies in which he held large amounts of stock—a possible criminal offense. The companies included Lockheed Martin, Walmart, JPMorgan Chase, and Dow Chemical. 3/16 Congressional investigators reveal that Trump’s former nationalsecurity adviser Michael Flynn—who wanted to ‘‘rip up’’ American sanctions on Russia—failed to report $45,000 in fees he received from the Russian state media outlet RT. 4/14 The White House stops releasing logs of visitors, concealing trips made by lobbyists and corporate executives. In Trump’s first two months alone, by one estimate, more than 500 executives and foreign leaders made unrecorded visits to the White House. 6/29 HUD Secretary Ben Carson tours Baltimore—accompanied by prospective business associates being courted by his son. One administrator on the tour later offers Carson’s daughterinlaw a contract worth $500,000. 11/5 New reports reveal that during his confirmation hearings, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross failed to disclose that a shipping firm he owns a stake in has close ties to Vladimir Putin’s soninlaw. His new job puts him in charge of American trade policy with Russia. 12/18 Under pressure from watchdogs, EPA chief Scott Pruitt terminates a $120,000 contract for a firm he has worked with in the past to dig up information on EPA staffers who had criticized him or his policies. 12/22 ‘‘You all just got a lot richer,’’ Trump tells wealthy patrons at MaraLago hours after signing a massive tax giveway to the superrich. The bill saved Trump $15 million in taxes and Jared Kushner $12 million. It also enriched much of Trump’s inner circle— including Linda McMahon, Betsy DeVos, Steven Mnuchin, and Rex Tillerson. 2018 1/12 Performant Financial is one of only two companies awarded $400 million in contracts from the Education Department to collect on defaulted student loans. One notable former investor in Performant: Education Secretary Betsy DeVos. 1/31 CDC chief Brenda Fitzgerald is forced to resign over her purchase of stock in one of the world’s largest tobacco companies. She bought the shares a month after taking over the agency tasked with reducing tobacco use. 2/1 William Emanuel, a Trump appointee to the National Labor Relations Board, is investigated for a possible ethics violation after he votes on a case involving his former law firm. His tiebreaking vote would have made it harder for employees at franchises like McDonald’s to hold their parent companies accountable for laborlaw violations, but the decision is thrown out because of his conflict of interest. 3/29 ABC News reports that EPA chief Pruitt spent much of his first year in Washington living in a townhouse coowned by the wife of J. Steven Hart, a top energy lobbyist. Hart lobbied the EPA on several policies last year, including coal regulations and limits on air pollution. 
LOBBYIST & OTHER SLEAZE  ‘‘We’re going to end the government corruption, and we’re going to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C.’’—Donald Trump 2017 1/17 Scott Mason, a key member of Trump’s transition team, returns to lobbying—one of nine transitionteam members to violate Trump’s pledge that he would bar such revolvingdoor moves for at least six months. One of Mason’s clients, Peabody Energy, later helps dream up a coalindustry bailout promoted by Energy Secretary Rick Perry. 1/23 Trump appoints Jeffrey Wood, a lobbyist for a coal polluter, to prosecute environmental crimes like coal pollution. 2/6 Lauren Maddox, who guided Betsy DeVos through her confirmation process for Education secretary, is hired by a forprofit law school to help restore its access to federal student loans. After paying $130,000 in lobbying fees, the school gets its wish: The Education Department agrees to reconsider its eligiblity for millions in loans. 2/27 Billionaire Carl Icahn, an unpaid adviser to Trump, submits a regulatory proposal that would raise the value of his investment in an oil refinery. During Trump’s first six weeks in office, Icahn makes an extra $60 million on the deal. 4/12 Marcus Peacock, a policy expert in Trump’s budget office, takes a job lobbying the budget office for the Business Roundtable, which represents zoo of America’s largest corporations. Trump makes no move to enforce the fiveyear moratorium he vowed to place on such revolvingdoor moves. 5/19 Trump nominates K. T. McFarland, adviser who once siphoned off $14,000 in campaign funds for ‘‘personal use,’’ as ambassador to Singapore. 8/1 A top aide to EPA chief Scott Pruitt, who oversees federal grants worth hundreds of millions of dollars, receives permission to work as a consultant for private clients. Despite his influence over public policy, the identities of his clients will be kept secret. 8/15 Two Trump campaign operatives register a new lobbying firm, Turnberry Solutions, named after the Scottish town where Trump owns a golf club. Its first client, Elio Motors, hires it to help obtain government handouts. 10/17 Whitefish Energy, a Montana firm that employed the son of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, is awarded $300 million in a no bid federal contract to restore stormbattered Puerto Rico. 10/26 Trump nominates J. Steven Gardner, a coalindustry consultant, to oversee enforcement of stripmining regulations. The Senate winds up rejecting the nomination. 11/8 Kirstjen Nielsen, Trump’s pick to head the Department of Homeland Security, was guided through her confirmation by a lobbyist whose clients compete for DHS contracts. Privatizing the ‘‘sherpa’’ role in confirmations—work long performed by government staffers—opens up a brazen new frontier in corruption. The lobbyist, Thad Binge, oversaw the drafting of official policy memos and was included on emails between the DHS and the White House, enabling him to exploit internal information for private gain. Among Bingel’s clients is an Israeli defense contractor being paid $145 million by DHS to build part of Trump’s ‘‘virtual wall’’ along the Mexican border. 12/6 A photographer at the Department of Energy is fired after leaking a photo that shows Rick Perry receiving a confidential ‘‘action plan’’ from a coal magnate in March. The plan is a blueprint for the coalindustry bailout that Perry announced in September. 2018 1/12 Trump gives Kenneth Allen, a former mining executive who still profits from coal sales to the Tennessee Valley Authority, a seat on the TVA board. 1/29 Alex Azar, a former lobbyist who worked his way up to the presidency of a drug company, is sworn in as secretary of Health and Human Services. Azar, whose company hiked the price of insulin and other drugs under his watch, is now in charge of making drugs more affordable. 2/12 Carl Icahn, who served as an unpaid adviser to Trump, sells $30 million in steel stocks just before Trump announces tariffs on steel imports. 2/18 Dina Powell, who advised Trump on foreign policy, returns to Goldman Sachs only two months after leaving the White House. At Goldman, she will focus on ‘‘enhancing the firm’s relationships’’ with some of the same foreign governments she advised Trump on. 3/2 Trump nominates Peter Wright, an attorney for Dow Chemical, to lead the EPA’s regulation of chemical spills. Dow has 100 polluted sites that Wright would be in charge of cleaning up. PETTY GRAFT  2107 2/28 The State Department spends $15,000 in taxpayer money for the grand opening of a Trump hotel in Vancouver, an event attended by Eric, Tiffany, and Donald Jr. 4/14 Trump jets to MaraLago via Air Force One at a cost to taxpayers of $142,380 per hour. For years, Trump heckled President Obama for taking vacations and golfing trips at government expense. If elected, he vowed, he would ‘‘rarely leave the White House, because there’s so much work to be done.’’ In fact, during his first three months in office, Trump’s taxpayerfunded flights to his private properties exceeded $20 million— on track to quickly surpass the amount Obama spent on travel during his eight years in office. Trump made more than 90 visits to his golf courses and played almost twice as much golf as Obama. His family joined in, requiring Secret Service agents to rack up an extra 4,054 days of taxpayerfunded travel to keep up. 5/16 Rick Perry and his staffers take a private Jet to a smallbusiness forum in Kansas City, at a cost to taxpayers of $35,000, rather than taking a nonstop flight to the airport 45 minutes away from the event. 6/2 David Shulkin’s chief of staff falsifies an email to suggest that the VA secretary needed to travel to Europe to receive an award. Shulkin’s 11day trip with his wife, most of which was devoted to sightseeing, cost taxpayers $122,344. 6/7 Scott Pruitt, the EPA chief, spends $36,000 in taxpayer money to take a military plane to New York. 6/24 Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin marries Louise Linton and requests a military plane for their honeymoon to Europe— at a cost to taxpayers of $25,000 per hour. 6/26 Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke spends $12,375 in taxpayer money to fly home aboard a private flight from Las Vegas, where he hung out with a hockey team owned by his biggest campaign donor. 7/7 Zinke uses $6,250 in taxpayer money for a helicopter flight from Virginia to Washington, D.C.—a threehour car ride—for a horseriding date with Mike Pence. 8/4 HHS Secretary Tom Price takes a private jet at taxpayer expense to St. Simons Island, an exclusive resort where he owns land. The trip, like many of the 26 flights Price took on corporate jets, could have been accomplished with a routine commercial flight. 8/21 Mnuchin and his wife travel to Kentucky aboard a government plane, at a cost to taxpayers of $33,000, to watch the solar eclipse. 8/30 EPA chief Pruitt spends $43,000 to build a soundproof phone booth in his office, enabling him to hold secret conversations with lobbyists and corporate executives. The Government Accountability Office is investigating whether the move violated agency spending rules. 9/29 HHS Secretary Price is forced to resign over the nearly $1 million in taxpayer money he spent taking military planes and private jets, often to visit family and friends. 2018 2/27 HUD Secretary Ben Carson spends $196,000 on a dinette set and lounge furniture, 
exceeding the $5,000 legal limit for office improvements. 3/7 Zinke spends $139,000 to renovate his office doors at Interior. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, while I respect my good friend’s right to voice his opinion and I respect the fact that he shared that information with us, I am disappointed, however, that he chose this moment to make those comments. This is a bipartisan bill. In fact, last week, in the Ways and Means Committee, the information and the comments shared by members on both sides of the aisle were ideas that were shared that were bipartisan in nature. The bill was talked about in a positive way, and it was my hope today that we could have that same congeniality on the floor today rather than take a left turn into the land of the President’s taxes, because today we are talking about Americans and the need to protect their identity, and I think that is what Americans want to hear, is how is Congress able to help them today. So from this side of the aisle today, Mr. Speaker, we are focused on just that. We are focused on passing H.R. 4403, the Moving Americans Privacy Protection Act. It is a straightforward, commonsense, and once again I will say it, bipartisan, unusual in this day and age, but true in this case. It puts an end to the inadvertent disclosure of personally identifiable information contained on shipment documents to CBP and holds the agency accountable. The American people want to know that we are doing this kind of work. This is a good piece of legislation that protects their identification, and helps the CBP and Congress by giving the language to Congress to hold the CBP accountable. We are committed to providing legislative solutions that help protect Americans from having their identities stolen, and this bill does just that. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. REICHERT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4403, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. REQUIRING NOTICE FROM SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY IN CASE OF A TAXPAYER ASSISTANCE CENTER CLOSURE Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5440) to require notice from the Secretary of the Treasury in the case of any closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5440 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NOTICE FROM IRS REGARDING CLOSURE OF TAXPAYER ASSISTANCE CENTERS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Kansas. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5440, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Taxpayer Assistance Centers, or TACs, are taxpayer service facilities operated by the IRS across the country. In 2017, more than 350 TAC locations provided facetoface services to more than 3.2 million taxpayers. TACs can assist taxpayers in making payments, answering questions about their account, and other services. These offices provide valuable services for taxpayers to assist them in fulfilling their tax responsibilities. TAC employees are often the only face taxpayers see in their routine interactions with the IRS. As the IRS has moved more services online, the agency has made numerous changes to the operations of TACs. Last year, all TACs nationwide moved to an appointment system that drastically cut down on wait times. H.R. 5440 provides important improvements and transparency for the millions of taxpayers who visit TACs every year. This important bill ensures that impacted communities are provided at least 90 days notice prior to the closure of a TAC. Late last year, the TAC in Huntsville, Alabama, closed suddenly. This closure created problems for taxpayers right at the start of filing season. b1330 Local taxpayers did not know that the office had closed, with some driving 50 miles to the TAC, only to find a sign on the door directing them to another office 70 miles away. As you can imagine, this can be incredibly disruptive for all taxpayers, but particularly those in rural areas. Fortunately, last month, the office recently reopened, albeit at significantly reduced hours. The requisite 90 days’ advance public notice under this bill is required to be both through online means, but also nonelectronic means as well. This can be accomplished through the use of local news or radio, posting notice at the local library, or other methods. This notice must provide information on alternative ways for taxpayers to obtain assistance. Today, ensuring the IRS can address the needs of taxpayers wherever they are is critically important, while the IRS needs flexibility to allocate scarce resources. This bill marks an important step to providing transparency for those impacted. I would like to thank my colleagues, Congresswoman KAREN HANDEL and Congressman TOM O’HALLERAN , for their time and attention on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we recognize tax day today, it is fitting that we advance a bill that recognizes Taxpayer Assistance Centers are the primary face of the Internal Revenue Service in local communities. H.R. 5440 was jointly introduced by Representative KAREN HANDEL from Georgia and Representative TOM O’HALLERAN from Arizona. It simply requires public and congressional notification prior to any closures of these critical centers. Taxpayer Assistance Centers, or TACs, provide inperson help to taxpayers on a wide range of issues, including making payments, resolving questions, and authenticating identity. They are IRS employees who know the law and provide highcaliber assistance locally. In fiscal year 2017, TACs served approximately 3.2 million taxpayers, down from 4.3 million served the prior 
year. Unfortunately, this decline can be tied, in part, to the IRS’ recent prioritization of online services over inperson assistance. This shift is evident in multiple ways: It is evident in the closure of 30 TACs since 2011, a reduction of over 7 percent; It is evident in the substantial reduction in TAC staffing, a decline of about 30 percent during the same period that the centers were closed; It is evident in the rigid requirement of appointmentonly assistance, without allowing walkin help, even just to pay one’s taxes. Indeed, the Taxpayer Advocate noted that about 30 percent of all TACs have either zero or one employee, resulting in virtual closures in about 111 sites. These reductions impose hardships on local communities and limit taxpayers’ rights to quality service. These reductions in access and the resulting community disruption concern taxpayers as well as Members of Congress. H.R. 5440 is a commonsense bill that requires the IRS to provide public notice, including through nonelectronic means, 90 days prior to the closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center. This notice ensures that affected taxpayers are aware of closures as well as information on alternative forms of assistance that is available. Importantly, the Secretary of the Treasury must notify Congress of the closure and provide the reasons for closing the TAC. Facetoface assistance is a critical element of the Internal Revenue Service. Many tax issues cannot be resolved via a website or a brief phone call. Taxpayer Assistance Centers are vital to our tax system, and I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation to ensure public and congressional notification prior to any closures of centers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. HANDEL ), who has provided great leadership on this bill. Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, as Americans file their taxes today, it is the very last time they will do so under the old, unfair Tax Code. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, hardworking Americans are already seeing the benefits of lower tax rates and a stronger economic growth: takehome pay has increased; companies are investing in infrastructure, R&D, and people, with billions of dollars in bonuses and pay increases, and even enhanced benefits. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act also makes our Tax Code less complex and makes the process of filing out our tax returns easier and less daunting. This time next year, in addition to most Americans paying less in taxes, most Americans will find that the tax forms are simpler and the process less complex. Even so, Mr. Speaker, tax day will still come, and people across this country will still need to turn to the IRS for help and for answers about their taxes. That is why I am here today to speak in support of H.R. 5440. This bipartisan legislation, introduced together with my colleague from Arizona, Representative O’HALLERAN , whom I thank, holds the IRS accountable for putting its customers, the taxpayers, first. IRS Taxpayer Assistance Centers provide important services to taxpayers. Through over 300 centers across the country, millions of Americans receive free, personal, inperson tax assistance each year. All too often, however, these centers are closed with little to no notice, leaving taxpayers to generally fend for themselves. H.R. 5440 requires the IRS to provide adequate public notice about any proposed closure and ensures that impacted taxpayers in that community will still have access to assistance. Most of us dread even the thought of having to deal with the IRS, but today, through a package of bipartisan bills, Congress is moving forward to redesign and restructure the IRS so that its top priority is putting its customers first. H.R. 5440 is one aspect of these important reforms to refocus the IRS. Again, I thank Representative O’HALLERAN and the entire Ways and Means Committee for their hard work on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ), the lead Democratic cosponsor. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him and the chairman of the committee for supporting my commonsense bill with the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. HANDEL ), my colleague. As millions of taxpayers across this country prepare to file their returns on time this week, we must ensure they have the resources they need to properly comply with the law. Taxpayer Assistance Centers play a critical role in communities across this country. Over 3 million Americans visited one of these centers in fiscal year 2017, many of whom traveled considerable distances to get their questions answered facetoface. Arizona’s five Taxpayer Assistance Centers help thousands of individuals every year. Ensuring compliance with a complicated Tax Code can be challenging for families. With the new tax law set to substantially change the current Code, it is more important than ever for taxpayers to get answers that will affect their bottom lines. Over the past few years, dozens of Taxpayer Assistance Centers across the Nation have closed as the IRS sought savings. According to the national Taxpayer Advocate, over 7 percent of these centers have been shuttered since 2011. Closing one of these centers, which often receive walkin visits, with little or no clear public notice is disruptive and undermines fairness. While the IRS offers virtual help and assistance to taxpayers, the reality is that many older Americans and those with disabilities cannot meaningfully access or utilize such technology. People who are honestly trying to comply with the law should get the help they need, facetoface, on a timely basis. People in rural counties spend time and money to drive hours away to get their questions answered at Taxpayer Assistance Centers. That is time away from running their businesses, from their jobs, and from their families. Issues like transportation barriers and childcare often complicate the process. Our commonsense bill simply affirms the taxpayers’ right to quality service by requiring the IRS to notify Congress and affected communities at least 90 days before closing down a Taxpayer Assistance Center. Providing accessible, quality service to the people we represent is the most basic and important function we have as Members of Congress. While exploring innovative ways to expand technology is a smart strategy for Federal agencies and one Congress should encourage, we must make sure inperson service remains a viable and meaningful option for those Americans who need it, especially for the agency that, arguably, has the greatest direct impact over the most people in the country—the IRS. This bill will hold the IRS accountable for making sure communities impacted by a Taxpayer Assistance Center closure have adequate notice and are informed sooner about alternative sources for assistance. I thank Congresswoman HANDEL for working with me on this bipartisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, having no further speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. As I prepare to close, I want to reiterate the importance of Taxpayer Assistance Centers as the local face of the Internal Revenue Service. The Internal Revenue Service should be increasing this presence and not limiting it. H.R. 5440 is a commonsense bill that requires the IRS to provide public notice, including through nonelectronic means, 90 days prior to the closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center. This notice ensures that affected taxpayers are aware of closures, as well as information on alternative forms of assistance that are available. This notice will help communities and taxpayers better answer their questions and comply with their tax obligations. As I have said, this is, indeed, a commonsense bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to again thank Congresswoman KAREN HANDEL and Congressman TOMO’HALLERAN for their leadership on this issue. H.R. 5440 provides important transparency regarding closure of TACs to ensure that the public is notified and provided with information on how they can get the help they need from the IRS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5440, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1345 RESTRICTING IMMEDIATE SALE OF SEIZED PROPERTY BY SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY TO PERISHABLE GOODS Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5446) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to restrict the immediate sale of seized property by the Secretary of the Treasury to perishable goods, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5446 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RULES FOR SEIZURE AND SALE OF PERISHABLE GOODS RESTRICTED TO ONLY PERISHABLE GOODS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Kansas. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5446, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as most of us are aware, the IRS has the ability to seize and sell a taxpayer’s property to satisfy unpaid taxes. However, given the profound impact of such a move on the taxpayer’s livelihood, welldefined safeguards govern these seizures. Nonetheless, the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee discovered last year that there are ways for the IRS to legally circumvent these protections. While IRS auctions typically require a 10day advance notice and the establishment of minimum bid requirements to ensure profits sufficient to cover the unpaid taxes, the IRS can forego these requirements by deeming seized goods as perishable. Under current law, perishable goods are defined as those that are likely to go bad, become greatly reduced in price or value by keeping, or cannot be kept without great expense to the IRS. If the IRS deems the goods seized to be perishable, it can sell them on the same day without any minimum bid requirements. This streamlined process can lead to seized goods being sold for significantly less than a normal auction would allow. H.R. 5446, the bill before us, puts in place muchneeded safeguards on the sameday seizure and sale of a taxpayer’s property. While we are discussing this bill today, I would like to talk a little bit about the Oversight Subcommittee’s findings that led us to this point. Last year, the subcommittee first became aware of this issue after local news reports from Dallas, Texas, brought to light the 2015 seizure of a bridal shop, including dresses and sewing machines. These goods were then sold immediately at auction within hours of their seizure. This left the owners with no means of earning an income going forward, while not fully satisfying their tax debts. Now, common sense would tell us that this sale was not in the best interest of the couple, whose livelihood was ruined, or the IRS, who did not fully collect the amount owed. Further investigation by the subcommittee also found that there were at least eight other instances of small businesses being liquidated using the perishable goods designation in the past few years. In only two of the cases did there appear to be any foods offered as part of the sale. The subcommittee concluded that while the IRS’ use of this authority is limited, when it is used, the goods sold under this designation are typically the contents of a small business and are almost never in danger of immediately going bad. To give you an idea of what I am talking about, the IRS designated things such as sporting goods, artwork, scrapbooking materials, automotive supplies, and workout equipment as perishable. Now, I don’t know about you, but when I think of things that are likely to go bad, I think of things that we produce in my home State of Kansas, like meat or dairy products. As a result, this commonsense bipartisan bill limits the IRS’ ability to seize and immediately sell a taxpayer’s property to only cases where the seized goods are actually likely to go bad. I would like to thank the bill’s sponsors, Congressman FERGUSON and Congressman CROWLEY , for all of their hard work on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5446, and I thank Mr. FERGUSON for working with our office to bring this bill to committee and here to the floor as well. And I thank the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) for managing the time on this bill. This may be one of the last things she gets to do here on the House floor, and I just want to thank her for her friendship throughout the years, as well, and working in a bipartisan way with us on occasion. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague mentioned, this is a targeted bill to address the overzealous enforcement of existing law. These changes are needed because, as Mr. FERGUSON will point out as well, we have found ourselves in an environment where smallbusiness owners have seen their property and products taken and sold within 24 hours. Take, for example, as was mentioned by Ms. JENKINS , the 2015 IRS raid of Mii’s Bridal and Tuxedo shop in Garland, Texas. Claiming the owners owed back taxes, the IRS agents seized $17,000 in cash and $650,000 in wedding dresses and equipment, like sewing machines. The agents then immediately auctioned off those items, even though their tax dispute was not settled and has not been contested. The agency argued the expedited procedures were needed because they said the dresses, as was mentioned, were perishable goods. These were not oranges or grapefruits, they were not apples or eggs, they were dresses. By invoking the word ‘‘perishable,’’ the IRS didn’t have to post advance public notice of the auction or wait at least 10 days for sunlight to come in before selling the goods, as is normally required. To say this is wrong is an understatement. Clothing, as we all know, is not really perishable. It will decay over time and when it is worn, but left to its own, it doesn’t decay. It is not perishable. And destroying an immigrantowned business—an immigrantowned business—within hours, that took decades to build, should never have happened in the first place. How the IRS used civil asset forfeiture in this case goes against a bedrock principle of our country, of the 
United States—the principle of due process. In this case, the IRS acted without proper notice and outside the intent of the law. They seized property and sold it without knowing its true cost or its value. Civil asset forfeiture is a tool that the IRS and other law enforcement agencies use to go after illgotten funds from human traffickers, terrorists, and other serious criminal activity. Sometimes it is a necessary mechanism. I think we all recognize that. But only when used correctly and fairly. Seizing the goods of a small immigrantowned business and selling them immediately at auction under the false premise that they were perishable goods is a clear example of how the law should not be used. Passage of this measure will ensure that abuses like this never happen again. I urge swift passage of this bill to help us take at least some steps to address the abusive flaws in the civil asset forfeiture procedure and give at least this one company some modicum of justice. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON ), one of the leaders on this issue. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5446. This commonsense legislation makes a targeted but important reform to protect American small businesses by ensuring that the rules for seizure of perishable goods are restricted only to goods that are, in fact, perishable. The fact that we are having to even comment or debate on the fact that a small business in Texas was destroyed by the actions of an IRS agent that determined that bridal dresses were perishable is unconscionable, and it should not happen, and it should not have happened then; and I agree with my colleague from New York that it should never happen again, and this legislation will help ensure that. Now, I don’t think we have to explain to anybody that, since these bridal gowns are not perishable, why is this bill even necessary? But it is a shame that we have had agents use this particular piece of legislation to actually leave a family destitute because of their actions of selling bridal dresses under the guise that they were perishable. This legislation tightens up the law to eliminate the language that the IRS agents in Dallas and others across the country have used to justify their overreaching use of sameday sale provisions. H.R. 5446 makes an important step to prevent the IRS from redefining these words to suit their own purposes, threatening the livelihoods of American small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sponsor this legislation to strength protections for small businesses and job creators, and I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and do the same. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, let me thank Mr. FERGUSON , as well as Ms. JENKINS , for bringing this bill to the floor. I don’t want anyone who may be watching this on C–SPAN and may be just waking up, turning on the television, and looking at the incredible bipartisanship that is happening here today to think they died and have gone to bipartisan heaven. Although much of the work that we are doing today is bipartisan in nature, it really is drastically different than the way in which the Committee on Ways and Means has conducted business in the most recent past in connection with the passage of the Republican tax bill. Democrats have called that a tax scam bill. It had absolutely no input from the Democratic side of the aisle, certainly here in the House of Representatives, in the committee, or here on the floor. Not reflective of any of the Democratic principles or values in that bill and its passage. And as much as we are working in a very bipartisan way, this is not a reflection of my good friend Ms. JENKINS , but more a reflection, I think, of the leadership of the Republican Conference in ramming a bill through the committee without proper hearings. Not having a single Democratic amendment in that process spoke very ill of the process itself. Nobody cares about how sausage gets made. We know that. Nobody cares how legislation gets made. Nobody cares about how sausage gets made until they taste it and it doesn’t taste good. And I think that is what is happening right now with the American people. This tax bill is falling flat on its face. This tax scam bill is falling flat on its face because it is not helping the people it was purported to be helping in the first place. The greatest baitand switch probably in the history of our country went on in terms of what the President talked about, the people he was going to help, the middle class and hardworking people, and instead it all basically went to the wealthiest 1 percent and the wealthiest multinational corporations in the history of mankind. They got permanent tax relief, and the middle class and working men and women in this country got bupkis. All right? And the reality is they know what happened here. They know that 83 percent of that bill went to the wealthiest 1 percent and 17 percent to working men and women and working poor people. That is just obscene. That is not reflective of who we are as a nation or as a country or as a people, yet that is what happened, and in no small part because it was done in such a partisan way. The bill had not a single hearing within the committee and was brought to the floor all to meet a deadline of passing it before the Christmas and Hanukkah break. That was the only goal, so that my Republican colleagues could say they had achieved something, even if it was ill conceived and passed with rushed judgment. And now we know about all the problems with the bill and all the fixes that have to take place; things that maybe could have been worked out had there been a more open process and more deliberative process and the inclusion of Democrats in that process. Just maybe. So I don’t want anyone, again, to be watching C–SPAN or maybe turning on the news tonight and learning about all the bipartisanship that is happening here on the House floor—and it is good; these are good bills that we are working on together—and say: Did I die and something happened? Has the world been righted? Am I missing something? I want them to know: No. You are not missing anything. b1400 That tax scam bill did pass, and it did go toward helping the wealthiest 1 percent and the richest multinational corporations in the history of the world, and the little guy is not getting very much at all. That is still the case. That hasn’t changed. And it is sad, but it is true. I, once again, want to thank the gentlewoman for her efforts in bringing this bipartisan bill to the floor. But let it be known that this is more of an aberration and not the norm in terms of how the committee has been conducting business, nor has the House of Representatives been conducting business in the most recent past. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Congressman DREWFERGUSON and Congressman JOECROWLEY for their leadership on this issue. H.R. 5446 further strengthens the safeguards in place to ensure that goods being sold immediately are limited to those that are likely to go bad. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5446, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ALLOWING OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY TO PROVIDE TAXPAYERS INFORMATION REGARDING LOWINCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill 
(H.R. 5438) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury to provide to taxpayers information regarding lowincome taxpayer clinics, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5438 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING LOWINCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5438, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5438, and encourage my colleagues to back this commonsense bill. Mr. Speaker, this is a short and sweet bill. It allows the IRS employees to provide taxpayers with information on low income taxpayer clinics. Specifically, IRS employees would be permitted to provide program details, including the eligibility requirements to receive assistance from a low income taxpayer clinic, also where the centers are located, and how to contact them. As many of my colleagues know, the low income taxpayer clinic program provides matching grants to organizations that assist lowincome taxpayers as well as those who speak English as a second language. These clinics primarily work with taxpayers on dispute resolution issues with the IRS. They provide representation for audits, appeals, collection matters, and Federal tax litigation. These clinics are operated by nonprofit organizations or academic institutions, and services are provided for free or for a very small fee. My district in North Carolina is served by one of the clinics that is operated by North Carolina Central University School of Law, a fine institution just to the west of my house. North Carolina Central’s motto is: ‘‘Truth and Service.’’ And this clinic allows individuals to come and get tax assistance from law school students who work under the supervision of the staff attorney there at the law school. I appreciate the hard work that those volunteers are doing in my community. This legislation before us today would allow the IRS to notify our various constituents of these clinics and their services. These clinics play an important role by helping taxpayers, and I am pleased to see this legislation move forward and see the help that it will give to our constituents by making them aware of the tools available in their own communities. This is a practical proposal that will improve taxpayers experience with the IRS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman LEWIS from Georgia, my colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, my friend, for partnering with me on this bill. This bill was approved with unanimous bipartisan support by the House Ways and Means Committee, and I urge my colleagues in the House to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5438. And I am proud to join my friend, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ), in sponsoring this bill. Our bill is very simple. It helps taxpayers receive the support and guidance they need. Low income taxpayer clinics offer a free, lowcost service for taxpayers across our country. These clinics help taxpayers resolve disputes with the IRS. H.R. 5438 would allow the IRS to share information about low income taxpayer clinics for those who might be eligible. Last December, the Oversight Subcommittee held a hearing on the taxpayers experience. It was one of many bipartisan meetings to improve tax administration. During the hearing, we heard testimony from Ms. Tameka R. Lester. Ms. Lester serves as the social director of the Philip C. Cook LowIncome Taxpayer Clinic at the Georgia State University College of Law. This outstanding institution is located in my congressional district. Ms. Lester and other witnesses shared their experiences and offered many great suggestions. H.R. 5438 responds to one of the many issues raised in our discussion. Going forward, I hope that our committee and the full House of Representatives will continue to develop bipartisan responses to their concerns and suggestions. Again, Mr. Speaker, I hope all of our colleagues will support our bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his support, and I urge all Members of the House to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. Speaker, the IRS is long overdue for an update, and today’s bills mark a significant step in providing a reform that the agency needs and the American people deserve. Late last year, House and Senate Republicans ushered through a new and improved Tax Code which allows individuals to keep more of their hard earned tax dollars. Along with the new Tax Code, we need a new and improved IRS. The multiple bills we are taking up today accomplish that goal to some degree. The taxpayer needs to come first. I am glad that Republicans and Democrats in the Ways and Means Committee have come together to work and make this a reality. The bills before the House today are centered on improving the functionality and the taxpayers experience with the IRS. From directing the IRS to develop a customer service strategy, to codifying the Free File program, we are reforming the IRS into an agency that works for the American people. It puts the American people first. These bills will improve the ease and efficiency of filing taxes and retrieving information. We also established an independent Office of Appeals to ensure that taxpayers receive a fair and impartial review of any disputes that may arise. But most of all, we guarantee that customer service goals are set by the IRS and that we assure the IRS is accountable for meeting them. That is not all. Mr. Speaker, in today’s world, the value of privacy cannot be understated. The IRS continues to face serious cyber threats that are becoming more and more advanced. It is necessary that the IRS stay ahead of these threats. Mr. Speaker, today we are faced with an incredible opportunity to modernize the IRS and put the American taxpayer first. So I urge my colleagues to support this bill, H.R. 5438, and other bills that are before the House. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5438, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REQUIRING SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY TO ESTABLISH A PROGRAM FOR THE ISSUANCE OF IDENTITY PROTECTION PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5437) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a program for the issuance of identity protection personal identification numbers, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5437 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a program to issue, upon the request of any individual, a number which may be used in connection with such individual’s social security number (or other identifying information with respect to such individual as determined by the Secretary) to assist the Secretary in verifying such individual’s identity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) and the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5437, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5437, legislation that I am coauthoring with my colleague, Congresswoman DELBENEfrom Washington State, that will tackle identity theft. Each year the IRS processes over 240 million tax returns and issues more than $400 billion in refunds. This makes tax season a prime target for identity thieves who steal billions of dollars from hardworking taxpayers by filing false returns. It is all too common. More than 1.8 million people, including more than 13,000 Minnesotans were victims of tax identify theft in 2015, and in just the first 2 months of 2016, the filing season, the IRS identified more than 31,000 fraudulent returns with thousands more surely slipping through the cracks. A Government Accountability Office report last year found that scammers attempted to claim $14.5 billion in fraudulent tax returns in the 2015 tax season alone. For a criminal, the scam is simple and straightforward. You steal a taxpayer’s Social Security number; you file a fraudulent return in their name; and then you collect the refund. While this is a tremendous theft of taxpayer dollars, it is also a nightmare for victims who then have to work to clear their name with multiple government agencies and wait longer to receive their own tax refund. Our seniors, in particular, are very vulnerable to identity theft, as they then have to struggle to navigate a bureaucratic maze to clear their name and then file an authentic return. There is one tool available though to some taxpayers that makes this scam a lot harder to pull this off. It is called an identity protection PIN, or an IP PIN. It is a 6digit number that is issued by the IRS to help the IRS then authenticate a tax return and validate the identity of the person who is filing it. b1415 Today, IP PINs are available only in a couple of States and the District of Columbia, as well as to certain taxpayers who might be at high risk of identity theft. This legislation today which we are taking up would expand this program by giving all taxpayers access and the option of signing up for an IP PIN over the course of the next 5 years as they phase this in. This will give all taxpayers peace of mind by allowing them to proactively protect their own identity from tax scammers, and it will save taxpayer dollars by preventing fraud that puts refunds into the wrong hands. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5437, and I want to thank my colleague, Mr. PAULSEN , for all of his work to help advance this important measure. This is a pretty straightforward bill with a straightforward mission: protecting taxpayers from tax identity theft and fraud. I am sure everyone is familiar with a scheme that some enterprising criminals came up with to file fraudulent tax returns so that they could collect money that didn’t belong to them. I am sure it is safe to say constituents in every one of our districts went to file their taxes only to find that they had been filed already, and someone else had claimed their return and their identity. In response, the IRS instituted a smart, commonsense program to assign PIN numbers to affected taxpayers, without which they could not file their taxes. These sixdigit numbers would be reassigned each year, and electronic returns would not be accepted without them. According to the American Coalition for Taxpayer Rights, it appears that this program has helped protect taxpayers and reduce fraudulent returns. The number of tax returns with confirmed identity theft dropped 32 percent from 2016 to 2017, alone, and 57 percent during the 2015 to 2017 period. Yet tax identity thieves are still claiming millions of dollars in fraudulently obtained refunds. By broadening the IP PIN program to all taxpayers instead of only making it available to identity theft victims and individuals in pilot project States, we can be proactive about keeping taxpayers’ personal information and hard earned dollars safe, and we can make further progress in reducing the instances of fraud during filing season. While we can and must do more to outwit cybercriminals and perpetrators of fraud, this program is a nobrainer that gives a better level of protection than exists today. I look forward to seeing this instituted for all of our constituents and hope we can build on this progress to bring additional security measures and 21st century technology improvements to the IRS. Mr. Speaker, in closing, again, this is a straightforward and simple bill that will protect taxpayers across the country, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as a reminder, next year, taxpayers will enjoy a very simplified and streamlined tax filing process that allows all hardworking Americans to keep more of their own hard earned dollars. However, there is still a lot that needs to be done to help protect taxpayers by cracking down on identity theft, which is becoming more and more prevalent. This is a very commonsense, straightforward bill that will help tackle identity theft. I want to thank not only Chairman BRADY for his leadership on some of the IRS reform efforts, but also my colleague Congresswoman DELBENE for partnering up on this issue as well. It is very common sense; it is bipartisan. By giving taxpayers who are at risk of identity theft the opportunity to request that PIN number, it will allow them to make sure that their tax return is safe, secure, and authentic. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5437. This bill addresses one of the most popular issues raised during our Subcommittee’s comment period. H.R. 5437 is very simple. It would require the Treasury Secretary to establish a program that would issue identity protection personal identification numbers (IP PINs) to taxpayers. An IP PIN helps prevent taxrelated identity theft and tax refund fraud. The IRS currently makes IP PINs available to a limited group of taxpayers. If an IP PIN is not included for this group, the IRS system will automatically reject an electronically filed tax return. It is an additional layer of protection for these taxpayers. 
H.R. 5437 would expand this program. This bipartisan bill would require the IRS to make an IP PIN available to any and all taxpayers. It does not matter where they live or work; every taxpayer will be able to request an IP PIN. I would like to thank our colleagues—the Gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) and the Gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) for their good work and support of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 5437. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5437, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR A SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR TAXRELATED IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5439) to provide for a single point of contact at the Internal Revenue Service for the taxpayers who are victims of taxrelated identity theft, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5439 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR TAX RELATED IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5439, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I believe that modernizing the IRS’ ability to administer our Tax Code is a critical next step following the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am pleased that today we are considering H.R. 5439, which creates a single point of contact at the IRS for identity theft victims. I introduced this legislation with my good friend, Representative JOHN LEWIS. He and I have worked tirelessly over the last few years to protect the identity of taxpayers, having introduced legislation that has passed the House and was signed into law in 2015 that took steps to help reduce identity theft. I was proud to reintroduce with him this Congress the Stolen Identity Refund Fraud Prevention Act that has nearly 20 bipartisan cosponsors and which included the provision that we are considering today. Identity theft has become a growing concern in Ohio and across the United States. Unfortunately, it seems as if there is now constant news of individuals having their identities stolen due to massive data breaches. It is one of the most costly crimes to consumers and businesses, and it is the fastest growing whitecollar crime in America according to the Federal Trade Commission. As many of my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee have heard, I, myself, was also the victim of identity theft not too long ago. I understand the frustration, fear, and sense of helplessness that many feel when learning that a criminal has stolen their identity. In 2016, a criminal stole my personal information and filed a return with my name, my wife’s name, our Social Security numbers, and other personal information. The thieves even had a W–2 from the U.S. Congress that contained a fake version of my information. I didn’t learn about this fraud until I received an IRS notice questioning a return I had filed—even though I had not yet filed. Each year, thousands of families trying to resolve this same sort of headache have to prove to the Federal Government that they are who they say they are. That included me, right along with everyone else, creating this tremendous call volume the IRS receives on a given day. I had to go through that same process. People thought: Wow, you had to go through the same process trying to get through to the IRS? I said: Yes, I did. I had to reexplain my story every time I called. This commonsense legislation will simply require the IRS to establish a single point of contact at the IRS for taxpayers who have been impacted by identity theft. This will help everyday Americans who have had to deal with the stress and inconvenience of having their identity stolen get the service they deserve from the IRS. I thank Chairman BRADY , Ranking Member NEAL, and the Ways and Means Committee staff for moving this legislation forward, and I encourage my colleagues to support its final passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5439. I believe that this is one of my favorite bills. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to join my friend, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ), in introducing this commonsense bill, and I want to thank the gentleman for it. The gentleman from Ohio and I share a passion and a commitment to this issue. Two years ago we introduced the Stolen Identity Fraud Prevention Act. We both believe that taxpayers should receive the help and support that they need and deserve, and I am proud to join him again today in sponsoring this bill. In recent years, I also included this commonsense policy in the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee Democratic bill, the Taxpayer Protection Act. H.R. 5439 responds to a frequent, ongoing concern of many of our citizens. This bill will help ease the frustration that victims of taxrelated identity theft feel, and it addresses a top IRS casework issue in my congressional district. H.R. 5439 establishes a single point of contact within the Internal Revenue Service for any taxpayer who is the victim of identity theft. As a result of this bill, the taxpayer will not need to start again from scratch every time they try to get an update on their case. Instead, the single point of contact would work with other IRS units to solve the taxpayer issue as quickly as possible. This good, commonsense bill will help taxpayers across our country. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 5439. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this commonsense legislation is a strong step forward in ensuring that the American people receive the customer service that they 
deserve from the IRS should they have their identity stolen. Along with my personal story, I have heard from countless constituents and Ohioans who have been frustrated by the hoops that they often need to jump through to get their identity theft concerns addressed, all the while dealing with the fear and anxiety of having their identity stolen. This bipartisan legislation will provide relief by requiring a single point of contact within the IRS for victims of identity theft. Again, I want to thank my colleague from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) for his support. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5439, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REQUIRING ELECTRONIC FILING OF ANNUAL RETURNS OF EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5443) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require electronic filing of the annual returns of exempt organizations and provide for making such returns available for public inspection, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5443 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MANDATORY ELECTRONIC FILING FOR ANNUAL RETURNS OF EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5443, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5443. This bill, in short, would ensure that all nonprofits file their tax forms electronically so that the charitable community can better assist those in need. First, I want to thank Congresswoman STEPHANIE MURPHY today for cosponsoring this important legislation with me. This provision is identical to one that my colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, Congressman BLUMENAUER , and I introduced in a larger tax package, the CHARITY Act, along with Senators THUNE and C ASEY on the Senate Finance Committee in 2017. b1430 Before I discuss this bill in greater detail, I want to look across the room to my great friend, Mr. JOHNLEWIS. It was in 2015 that Mr. LEWIS and I crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge. It was at that time that Mr. LEWIS stopped and spent some time with my grandson George. And as we were walking across the bridge, George, who was 8 at the time, said: ‘‘Grandpa, we are actually going to do this. We are going to go across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with Mr. LEWIS.’’ I said: ‘‘That’s right, George, we are.’’ He said: ‘‘Well, Grandpa, this is the 50th anniversary.’’ I said: ‘‘Yes, George, it is.’’ He said: ‘‘Well, can we come back for the 100th anniversary?’’ I said: ‘‘George, we will do that together. You and I will come across the bridge at the 100th anniversary.’’ He said: ‘‘Grandpa, how old are you right now?’’ I said: ‘‘Well, George, I am 65.’’ He said: ‘‘Grandpa, it may be hard for you to get across that bridge.’’ I said: ‘‘Georgie, don’t worry. If I can’t walk, you can push me across.’’ That was a great weekend for George. And for Mr. LEWIS, I have always felt he is such an iconic figure in this House for people who stood up for civil rights. That weekend was one of the most gracious weekends and best weekends with my son my grandson had. So I can’t tell you how much I appreciate being with you on the floor today. When it comes to charity, the American people are truly unique. In fact, Americans are the most generous in the world according to the new Almanac of American Philanthropy. In a firstofitskind survey, the almanac found that Americans outdonate Britain and Canada 2to1 and nations like Italy and Germany 20to1. What is more, more than half of almost every single income level in America donates to charity. That is remarkable, and it makes me proud to be an American and proud of our Nation’s history of philanthropy. In its earliest form, the word ‘‘philanthropy’’ comes from the Greek term ‘‘philanthropia,’’ which simply meant ‘‘love of mankind.’’ The meaning has evolved over time, but, from the earliest days of human civilization, we have depended upon kindness directed towards strangers and others. We define ‘‘philanthropy’’ today as the practice of organized, systematic giving to improve the quality of human life through the promotion of welfare and social change. Throughout every age, American philanthropists have demonstrated the power of giving to create great and meaningful change. In my own congressional district in western Pennsylvania, we have many wonderful organizations that demonstrate the power of giving each and every day. In Erie, Pennsylvania, we have The Erie Community Foundation, the United Way of Erie, and the Black Family Foundation. As a businessman and leader in the energy sector, Pat Black and his family started a small, private foundation in 1993. Here is one individual who took it upon himself to create a charitable organization to give back to his community. And we have many other good corporate citizens in Erie, as well, such as Erie Insurance. More than half a century ago, Erie Insurance’s founder, H.O. Hirt, had a lifelong concern for others who were less fortunate, and 
today Erie Insurance and its employees follow Mr. Hirt’s example and continue this tradition of giving of food and clothing and other drives that help out in the community. And since it is tax filing week, all these charitable organizations must file their tax forms, called 990s, which brings us back to why we are here today on the floor considering H.R. 5443. Our bill would make it mandatory that 990s be filed electronically going forward. Electronic filing, or efiling, is not only more efficient; it costs taxpayers less and the IRS less to administer. This requirement will boost transparency in the taxexempt sector by requiring all nonprofits to file their returns electronically. Today, approximately 60 percent of all 990s are filed electronically, but the remaining 40 percent are still paper filed and not released as open data. In addition to requiring efiling of the 990 form be mandatory for taxexempt organizations, the bill would make such returns available to the public in a machinereadable format. So why is this important? Better 990 information, when searchable and available to the public, allows for better scrutiny and better transparency. Jacob Harold, president of GuideStar, which collects and disseminates information from nonprofits’ returns, says: ‘‘The more easily people can access that data, the better.’’ A readable, searchable format that will help improve efficiency and accuracy and reduce fraud, efiling has served as a highly effective tool in exposing scam charities, and it will make it easier to catch these few bad actors who are using tax donations for personal gain only. For example, in 2015, the Federal Trade Commission, the District of Columbia, and all 50 States filed a lawsuit against four scam cancer charities calling themselves the Cancer Fund. Their owners had used over 95 percent of the $187 million in charitable donations for their own personal benefit. This lawsuit took almost 4 years because of the difficulty of analyzing thousands and thousands of pages of data that were filed on paper. Our bill will correct that. Hundreds of millions of dollars from generous Americans were wasted because their donations were going to a fraudster and not helping researchers to find a cure for cancer. To take money away from cancer patients is just plain wrong and immoral. Our bill wants to make sure this doesn’t happen in the future. Now, how would that happen? Changes could be brought sooner against these scam charities, in less than 1 year instead of 4, if the return information had been available electronically. There are countless examples that prove that this can be the case. The State of Michigan is a great model for just how valuable access to machinereadable data is. To date, Michigan has shut down the most number of scam nonprofits out of all 50 States. This is because of the Michigan attorney general’s ability to manipulate and analyze researchable data. This bipartisan bill would help expose these shams nationally by ensuring nonprofits are efiling annual returns. Therefore, I urge my colleagues on both sides to support this important goodgovernment, antifraud bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just thank my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania for those kind words. Say hello to your grandson George. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5443. Let me begin by thanking the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gentlewoman from Florida for their work on this good and necessary bill. Mr. Speaker, I hope all of our colleagues will support this simple bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, having no other speakers, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ), the lead Democratic cosponsor. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be the lead Democrat on this bipartisan bill which would provide government officials with the timely information they need to prevent and punish fraud in connection with charitable solicitations and the use of charitable assets. I want to thank my colleague and colead from Pennsylvania, Congressman MIKEKELLY , for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank the chairman, ranking member, and the members of the Ways and Means Committee which unanimously approved this bill last week. Our bill would require charities to annually file Internal Revenue Service form 990, the form used by taxexempt organizations, in electronic as opposed to paper format. It would also require the IRS to make these electronic filings available to the public in machinereadable format. Our legislation has been endorsed by the National Association of State Charity Officials, or NASCO, which is an association of State agencies that oversees charitable organizations. The purpose of our bill is threefold: First, it would help law enforcement agencies and government regulators identify, shut down, and prosecute fraudulent charitable organizations that use financial contributions for their personal benefit rather than to help those in need. Second, it would protect American taxpayers who make generous donations to charitable organizations and deserve to feel a sense of security that their hardearned money is being used for its intended purpose. And third, it would help reduce the often excessive and overlapping Federal and State filing requirements applicable to charitable organizations, on which these organizations spend considerable time, money, and resources complying every year. This would enable genuine taxexempt organizations to focus more on their charitable mission, whether that is helping wounded warriors, sponsoring cancer research, assisting victims of gun violence, or other notable causes. I would note that, in its letter of support for this legislation, NASCO states that having electronic data for all form 990 filers, as this bill mandates, would ensure that the States have the ability to identify and stop fraudulent activity that harms charities and donors more quickly and effectively. NASCO further states that the bill could result in returning to charitable organizations significant resources that these organizations must currently devote to compliance with unnecessary government filing requirements. In closing, I respectfully ask my colleagues in this Chamber to support the bill, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly follow suit. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers and am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Yes, it is true, Americans are a charitable group. In fact, we are the most generous people in the world. Our Nation’s history of philanthropy, charities, and loving people are the envy of the world. In 2016 alone, Americans gave $390 billion, with 63 million Americans, 25 percent of the adult population, volunteering their time, their talent, their energy, and their dollars to make a difference. As a recent commentator noted, Americans have it in their DNA to be philanthropic. Of all the countries, we are the most generous. Because I know my colleagues have it in their DNA to support our Nation’s unique philanthropic history and charitable community, I urge them to vote in favor of this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5443, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1600 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. LOVE) at 4 p.m. 
MAKING PERMANENT VOLUNTEER INCOME TAX ASSISTANCE MATCHING GRANT PROGRAM Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2901) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent Volunteer Income Tax Assistance matching grant program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2901 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 2901, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2901, the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act, that I am grateful to see brought before the House today. The Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program is a matching grant program administered by the IRS where the Federal Government partners with the local community to provide free professional tax preparation services to individuals with an annual income of less than $54,000 and for those with a limited proficiency in English. Today, April 17, is tax day, the deadline for filing returns. As Americans all across the country work to complete their returns, we are reminded of the dangers associated with tax return preparer fraud. Filing your return can be confusing, and unscrupulous preparers seek to take advantage of this confusion for their own profit. They bring in business by promising larger refunds, refunds they are able to obtain by claiming inflated expenses, false deductions, or unreliable credits on their clients’ returns. Some fraudulent preparers even siphon off refunds to their own accounts. However, when the IRS detects the false return, it is the taxpayer, and not the return preparer, who is then liable for any additional taxes and/or penalties. Unfortunately, it is lowincome and underserved populations, such as those with limited English, who are the primary targets of fraudulent preparers. It is a threat that my district in south Florida is all too familiar with. Thankfully, the VITA program allows taxpayers to fill out and submit their returns accurately without the fear of being scammed—all free of charge. The VITA preparers are IRS certified, and at 94 percent, have among the highest accuracy rates of all preparers. This program has enjoyed strong support in the past, regardless of administration or the party in the majority. H.R. 2901 would permanently authorize the VITA grant program while ensuring that VITA preparers continue to maintain their highaccuracy rates. I want to thank Representative DANNY DAVIS for partnering with me on this legislation. I am appreciative of the work and leadership Chairman BRADY and Subcommittee Chairwoman LYNN JENKINS , as well as the staff of the Oversight Subcommittee and the other House Committees on Ways and Means staff for their efforts on this important legislation. Madam Speaker, this will help some of the most vulnerable people in our country, people who want to comply with the Tax Code. It will make sure that individuals who are eligible for certain benefits under the Tax Code are able to obtain them. In short, this will improve quality of life for lower and middleincome people in our country, especially in my south Florida district. I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 2901, the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act, and support the VITA program, which helps our constituents file their taxes confidently and accurately. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, as we recognize tax day today, I applaud this body for advancing H.R. 2901, the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Permanence Act. I want to thank my colleague and commend him for his leadership in bringing this legislation to the floor. It has been good working with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), and I look forward to continuing to do so. This crucial program provides high quality tax assistance to hardworking families to help those who can benefit from a program that is designed to help. The Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program, or VITA, offers free tax services to people who make less than 250 percent of the poverty level, and to underserved taxpayers, including persons with disabilities, the elderly, and limitedEnglish speakers. It is a prime example of smart Federal investment because each Federal dollar is matched by the private sector. The demand for VITA services is great. The number of tax returns prepared by the VITA program doubled between 2014 and 2016. In 2016, VITA grantees filed more than 3.8 million returns, helping families claim about $1.1 billion in earned tax benefits. In Illinois, over 23,000 returns were filed for almost $32 million in refunds. With the new tax law, these highcaliber, inperson services are needed even more, especially in States like Illinois, affected by the SALT limitation. VITA services are topnotch. The Internal Revenue Service reported that VITA preparers have a 94 percent accuracy rate nationally on returns claiming the earned income tax credit. Further, VITA services make a real difference for individuals and families. VITA sites are skilled at ensuring that taxpayers get all of the tax benefits for which they are eligible. These savings, coupled with the savings of hundreds of dollars in tax preparation costs, put more money in my constituents’ pockets to cover the essential costs like rent, groceries, and medical care. H.R. 2901 makes important changes to the VITA program. For example, in addition to permanently authorizing VITA, the bill allows the Secretary to fund the VITA grants up to $30 million. We have fully exhausted the recent appropriations of $15 million. The IRS estimates that 70 percent of Americans are eligible to file their taxes for free. Given the high demand and need, H.R. 2901 recognizes that the IRS should put taxpayers first by giving them access to highquality free services, doubling our Federal investment via this quality matching grant program. Madam Speaker, I want to acknowledge and recognize the wonderful VITA sites in Chicago—the Center for Economic Progress, CityWide Tax Assistance Program via Ladder Up, and I am especially pleased that the United Way of Metropolitan Chicago helps champion this program in my hometown. As these programs do, many VITA sites provide additional programs to increase financial stability for families, and I am grateful for their presence in Chicago and other places throughout the country. Madam Speaker, I also want to thank Ranking Members NEAL and L EWIS, Chairmen BRADY and J ENKINS , Senators BROWN and H ELLER , former Representative Mike Honda, former Representative Xavier Becerra, the United Way, and Prosperity Now for their leadership in providing the permanence of this program. And as I know people are struggling and running trying to get there fast before the deadline expires to file their returns, I am glad to know that those who needed it were able to get help. Madam Speaker, I urge support for this program, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, having no other speakers, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), for his tremendous leadership on this issue. If one talks to someone who has used this service to convey their earnest sense of relief and gratitude for something that is called 
‘‘free,’’ they save not only the cost of paying a tax preparer, but they also know that they have got all of the benefits for which they were entitled. I represent thousands of lowincome taxpayers, and the earned income taxpayer credit that they are able to get oftentimes lights up their life when it is time to file. Some of them are able to get benefits that they didn’t think they were going to have, and so they give a real bit of thanks to those who helped them prepare and to know. There are many adviser volunteers and I want to thank them—individuals who give of their time, their energy, their knowledge, their expertise, and their effort to make sure that lowincome taxpayers are provided all of the assistance that they need. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to have had the opportunity to work on this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I want to first thank my colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), for his hard work on this bill. Dr. DAVIS is someone who has committed his career to Americans who are struggling the most, and he is willing to work with anyone in this Congress who wants to help our communities get ahead, especially those who are struggling and who most need our help. It has been a true honor to collaborate with him on this legislation. Madam Speaker, I want to remind my colleagues once again what the VITA program is all about. Every tax filing season, unscrupulous preparers try to take advantage of underserved populations by filing fraudulent returns on their behalf. b1615 The taxpayer and not the preparer is then liable for the fraudulent return. This happens way too often, Madam Speaker, in south Florida and throughout the country. The VITA program goes a long way to mitigate the threat preparer fraud poses to vulnerable communities by providing free tax preparation services administered by IRScertified preparers. Taxpayers who just want to comply with the Tax Code should not have to fear additional taxes or penalties because of a fraudulently repaired return. The VITA program gives these taxpayers a place to go where they can rest assured their tax returns will be filed accurately and at no cost. I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense program and vote to permanently reauthorize the VITA grant program. I want to thank, Madam Speaker, so many volunteers at the United Way, at branches in South Dade, who every tax season help hundreds and hundreds of lower and middleincome Americans get through this difficult process. Madam Speaker, I encourage all my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2901, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SOCIAL SECURITY CHILD PROTECTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1512) to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Security account numbers to young children in cases where confidentiality has been compromised, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1512 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Social Security Child Protection Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MARCHANT ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 1512, which is currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, the history of this legislation begins in my district in Southlake, Texas. A constituent of mine called my office very distraught that her mail had been stolen, and with it, her newborn baby’s Social Security card and number. A week later, a felon with an extensive history of forgery, credit card abuse, and identity theft was apprehended, and in his possession was the Social Security card of my newborn constituent. The child’s mother, rightfully so, was very concerned that her 6monthold child’s identity had been compromised, and I requested on her behalf that the Social Security Administration issue the child a new Social Security card. We thought that would be an easy thing to do. The request was denied. My staff and my district office took it on themselves to get the law changed and asked me would I consider introducing a bill to do that. So today, we are here to try to protect a group of the most vulnerable of our Social Security cardholders. Members of this Chamber know Social Security numbers have become an increasingly valuable target for identity theft due to their widespread use throughout the financial sector. Madam Speaker, children like my constituent are particularly vulnerable to Social Security number theft because usually, before the age of 13, they do not work, they do not drive, they do not try to get credit cards, and they don’t try to establish credit, which would extend the time a thief can use that child’s identity before the theft is even noticed. Current policy does little to protect children whose Social Security cards and numbers have been stolen. I believe H.R. 1512 is the answer to this problem. This bill requires that the Social Security Administration issue a new Social Security number for a child age 13 and under when a child’s Social Security card has been stolen and the child’s parent or guardian demonstrates to the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration under penalty of perjury that it was stolen while being transmitted by Social Security to the child’s address, that is, by U.S. mail. This bill is a commonsense solution. We need to combat identity theft. I encourage all Members to vote today to protect our constituents, especially our most vulnerable. I thank my fellow Texan, LLOYD DOGGETT , for cosponsoring the bill and helping me introduce the bill. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this bipartisan bill. I would also like to thank, Madam Speaker, my district staff who worked 
on this problem so hard in the beginning and the committee staff who helped me shepherd this through to its chairman, Mr. JOHNSON , of the Social Security Subcommittee. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act, which was introduced jointly by Representatives KENNY  MARCHANT and L LOYD DOGGETT , both of Texas. I note that my colleague, Mr. JOHNSON , is also in the House. This means that Texas is serious about children and protecting them. This bipartisan legislation would protect children in cases where their Social Security card is stolen from the mail. Most parents apply for a Social Security number for their child soon after the baby is born. They can do this easily and securely right in the hospital. The Social Security Administration then assigns a number to the child and mails the card to the child’s family. Unfortunately, sometimes these letters do not reach their intended destination. They can be stolen from the mail. In fact, the Social Security numbers of children are highly valued by identity thieves. Fraudsters can wreak havoc, creating an extensive record of bad debt and fraud associated with a child’s number. Currently, Social Security will issue a new number to anyone, child or adult, who can show that their number has been misused and that they have been harmed. However, in the case of a child, sometimes years go by before the family learns that a child’s number has been used for fraud. Under the bill, the Social Security Administration would issue a child a new Social Security number if their card is stolen from the mail. The family would no longer have to prove that harm has occurred before the child can be issued a new number. Madam Speaker, this is a commonsense measure, and I want to commend Mr. MARCHANT for thinking it up, thinking of it and responding to a need that was expressed to him by one of his constituents. It is a great measure. I am pleased to support it, and I urge all of my colleagues to support it. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Plano, Texas (Mr. SAMJOHNSON ), who is the chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I thank my fellow Texans, Mr. MARCHANT and Mr. D OGGETT , for introducing this commonsense bill. Children who have had their Social Security cards stolen from the mail before it even gets to them deserve a new Social Security number. This helps these youngest victims of identity theft start out with a clean slate. It is the right thing to do, and I encourage my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation. As the chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee, I have been committed to doing all I can to protect Americans from identity theft. This bill helps us get there. But, Madam Speaker, while this bill will help child victims of identity theft, the fact is that it still doesn’t fix the real problem. The real problem is that we use Social Security numbers to both identify and authenticate people. It just doesn’t make sense, but we have been doing this for decades, and I think it is time to put a stop to it. When Social Security created Social Security numbers back in 1936, they were designed for a limited purpose: to track earnings and administer Social Security benefits for hardworking Americans. Back then, there wasn’t much thought about keeping your number secret. But as we all know, that has changed since these numbers are used for everything from getting credit to enrolling kids in school. Madam Speaker, H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act, is a step in the right direction, and I urge all Members to support it. I also want to take this opportunity to begin a serious conversation about the future of Social Security numbers and how we use them. I invite Members to join me. The American people deserve no less. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Madam Speaker, the Social Security number really is a key to identity theft, and thieves have had a field day with these Social Security numbers and the identity theft and the invasion of privacy that occurs. A full 10 years ago, I authored a measure here in the House to remove this information from the Medicare card. The next session, finally in 2010, we were able to pass that through the House with the help of Representative JOHNSON . It was a bipartisan initiative. Then the Senate didn’t pass it. When Republicans took over control of the House, Mr. JOHNSON appropriately took the lead on that legislation, and he worked at it for a while, and, finally, in 2015, he got it passed to remove the Social Security number from the Medicare card. As Representative JOHNSON knows, finally, now, 10 years from when we started in June of this year, it looks like seniors will begin getting their Medicare cards without the Social Security number on it, to protect their privacy and to avoid the exploitation that has occurred. To his credit, Mr. MARCHANT has identified another group of very vulnerable individuals: children. Carnegie Mellon did a study that reported that nearly 10 percent of America’s children have had their identity already stolen, and the Social Security number is a factor in that. That is significantly higher than it is for adults, some 51 times higher, according to the Carnegie Mellon study. Children are particularly vulnerable in this regard because they don’t have a driver’s license. They are really kind of a blank canvas. They don’t work, and they don’t establish credit. This allows theft and fraud to go undetected for many years in some cases. By the time that they are young adults, they could unknowingly be buried in debt and face delays in very important steps in their education, in their work, in getting their first job, in getting that driver’s license or applying for a student loan. I salute Mr. MARCHANT for seeing that this is a problem. I am pleased to join him and my colleague, Mr. DAVIS, from Chicago in supporting this measure. Children and their parents or their guardians acting on their behalf deserve a streamlined process that will allow for a child to be issued a new Social Security number long before any misuse occurs. b1630 No child should have to wait for the inevitable harm to come along and have their identity stolen before action occurs. Building on the success that we have had with seniors, and I hope in a much more prompt fashion than we were able to do it for seniors, we now, through Mr. MARCHANT ’s efforts, are working to ensure, once again on a bipartisan basis, that we provide the same kind of protection for infants and children from baseless identity thieves. Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I will close. I am pleased to note that H.R. 1512 and other bills before us today take important steps to decrease identity theft. I know that identity theft is one of the top issues that the Chicago Taxpayer Advocate addresses. Helping prevent identity fraud and helping taxpayers deal with identity theft are important improvements. Madam Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to say thank you to my colleagues on the committee who have worked on this bill, and especially Congressman DOGGETT , who has helped every step of the way. H.R. 1512 is a very commonsense solution that is supported by the Association of Mature American Citizens and the AARP. Madam Speaker, I include in the RECORD their letters of support. 
ASSOCIATION OF MATURE  AMERICAN CITIZENS , Washington, DC, March 17, 2017. Hon. KENNY MARCHANT , 24th District, Texas, Washington, DC. Hon. LLOYD DOGGETT , 35th District, Texas, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN MARCHANT AND CONGRESSMAN DOGGETT : On behalf of the 1.3 million members of AMAC, the Association of Mature American Citizens, I am writing in strong support of H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act. This important piece of legislation offers more protection for children under 14 who have been victims of Social Security card theft. This bill is as timely as it is simple in protecting the identities of our nation’s children. The Social Security Child Protection Act is a reallife solution to a realtime problem. As the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recently reported, identity theft rose by 50% from 2014 to 2015. As millions of identities are compromised each year due to Social Security card theft, children are becoming a more attractive target to identity thieves. H.R. 1512 does more to stem Social Security card theft by making it easier for parents to request new Social Security numbers for their children when their Social Security card has been stolen, in transit, from the Social Security Administration (SSA). Under current policy, parents of children under 14 are able to request a new Social Security number only when they can demonstrate harm has occurred as a direct result of Social Security card theft. However, demonstrating a level of harm requisite with current policy is difficult for most parents because children do not typically participate in activities where harm from Social Security card theft would be made apparent (getting a driver’s license, buying a home, opening a line of credit, etc.). H.R. 1512 would make it easier for parents to get a new Social Security number for their children because they would only need to show their child’s Social Security card was stolen in transit from the SSA—not that their child suffered harm. As an organization committed to representing the interests of mature Americans and seniors, AMAC is dedicated to ensuring senior citizens’ interests are protected. We thank Congressman Marchant and Congressman Doggett for their commonsense and practical solution to protect children from identity theft. AMAC is pleased to offer our organization’s full support to the Social Security Child Protection Act. Sincerely, DANWEBER , President and Founder of AMAC. 
AARP, Washington, DC, April 11, 2018. Hon. KEVIN BRADY , Chairman, House of Representatives, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. Hon. RICHARD E. N EAL, Ranking Member, House of Representatives, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : On behalf of AARP’s 38 million members, I am writing in support of H.R. 1512, the Social Security Child Protection Act of 2017. The bill directs the Social Security Administration (SSA) to issue a new Social Security number to a child under the age of 14 if the confidentiality of the child’s previous number has been compromised due to the theft of the documentation. AARP is strongly committed to protecting the confidentiality of Social Security numbers for American citizens of all ages. An individual’s Social Security number is critical financial information and integral to everyone’s personal identity. Many parents apply for Social Security numbers for their children soon after birth. Social Security numbers for all family members are used for a wide variety of purposes, including employment and taxes. For these reasons, Social Security numbers must be afforded the highest level of privacy protection to guard against financial fraud or identity theft. AARP has a longstanding public policy position to protect the integrity of Social Security numbers that specifically states that ‘‘companies, government agencies, and individuals should not be allowed to post or publicly display Social Security numbers, print them on cards, transmit them over the internet or by facsimile, or send them by mail without safety measures.’’ We appreciate your support to protect personal Social Security information and make this change in the law. We look forward to continuing to work with you to promote the integrity of the Social Security program, and to protect the identities of American workers and their families. If you have any questions, please feel free to call me. Sincerely, JOYCE A. R OGERS , Senior Vice President, Government Affairs. 
Mr. MARCHANT. Again, I encourage all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ to make sure that children who have their Social Security cards stolen are protected. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MARCH ANT) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1512, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM IDENTITY THEFT ACT Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 830, I call up the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. STEWART ). Pursuant to House Resolution 830, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–68 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5192 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5192, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, and I am grateful that it is being brought before the House today. This bill aims to combat synthetic identity fraud by directing the Social Security Administration to accept electronic signatures when financial institutions want to verify their customers’ information. Synthetic identity fraud accounts for 80 percent of all credit card fraud losses today. It has been reported that a record $355 million in outstanding credit card balances was owed by people who it suspects didn’t exist in 2017, up more than eightfold from 2012. The Government Accountability Office describes this type of fraud as involving the creation of a fictitious identity using a combination of real data, like a Social Security number or date of birth, from multiple individuals, along with fabricated information. H.R. 5192 is an important step in reducing fraud, while also ensuring that the Social Security Administration is able to continue providing important services and benefits. The SSA Commissioner is not allowed to begin development of the new verification system until the Commissioner determines that at least 50 percent of the program’s startup costs have been covered by users. After initial development, users of the verification system are obligated to pay for the ongoing costs associated with this new workload by way of advances, reimbursements, user fees, or other recoveries, as determined by the Commissioner. My south Florida district is far too familiar with fraudulent activity affecting the community, and sadly, children and immigrants are particularly vulnerable to these schemes. Over 1 million children have their identity stolen annually, and they are 50 times more likely than adults to be victims of identity theft. I am proud to partner with Representatives SINEMA , H ULTGREN , and MARCHANT on this important effort. I would also like to thank Chairman BRADY and subcommittee Chairman JOHNSON for their leadership and hard work, as well as the staff of the Social Security Subcommittee and the rest of the House Committee on Ways and Means staff who have worked on this legislation. I encourage all my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, to help modernize identity protections for our children. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in support of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, which was introduced by Representatives CARLOS CURBELO of Florida and KYRSTEN SINEMA of Arizona. Our Nation is facing a growing epidemic of socalled synthetic identity theft. This is a sophisticated form of fraud where the fraudster manufactures a fake identity using a legitimate Social Security number but combining it with a madeup name. Numbers that belong to children are especially valuable for these fraudsters. This is because children typically do not yet have a credit record. If they did, the credit record would reveal that the name and number do not match, making the number useless to the synthetic identity fraudster. Under this bill, banks and other certified users could verify the customer’s name, Social Security number, and date of birth with Social Security’s 
own records. This would allow the bank to detect attempted synthetic identity theft. As under current law, banks would be required to get the consent of their customer in order to have the SSA verify information. Social Security would not provide any identity information back to the bank other than, yes, this is a match or, no, this does not match. This matching could occur more quickly than it does under current law, to reflect the way commerce is conducted today. I am pleased that we were able to work in a bipartisan way to develop this legislation and to strengthen it as it moved through the committee process. We did so in several ways. First, we made sure that users of the system paid the full cost of developing it and conducting the verifications. We did not want to detract from the main mission of Social Security, which is to make sure Americans receive their earned Social Security benefits on time and in full. Second, we strengthened the security of the system to make it not subject to misuse. Americans’ personal information must be kept secure, and Social Security must only conduct the matching when the individual has given consent. I am pleased to say that Social Security’s track record on this is strong, and I expect they will carry on with their protectiveness of Americans’ private data as they design a new system. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation to protect children and fight identity theft. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SAM JOHNSON ), the distinguished chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee. Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CURBELO for yielding and for introducing this commonsense and muchneeded bill. Mr. Speaker, synthetic identity fraud is a real problem with real costs to the victims. One million children have their identity stolen each year, and they deserve to be protected. This legislation will also help stop criminals from stealing $1 billion a year by ensuring that we can verify a person is who he or she claims to be when applying for a credit card. Synthetic identity fraud is a growing problem. Social Security must quickly take steps to get this important fraud fighting tool up and running. As chairman of the Social Security Subcommittee, I intend to make sure Social Security doesn’t hold this up in any way. While Social Security will provide this service, the users pay the full cost so Social Security’s budget won’t be impacted. Social Security has an important job: to make sure those who are eligible get the benefits they deserve. I am committed to doing everything I can to protect all Americans from identity theft. H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, is the best way to stop synthetic identity fraud, and I urge you all to support it. The American people deserve nothing less. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), the lead Democratic cosponsor of this legislation. b1645 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act. Mr. Speaker, most of us assume our children are safe from identity theft. Most children don’t have credit cards, and many don’t have bank accounts, so why would they be targeted? Unfortunately, there is a new type of crime on the rise known as synthetic identity theft. This crime targets children and accounts for billions of dollars in credit card fraud. Synthetic identity theft is happening right now, and it is hurting real people. In Arizona, a 17yearold girl discovered she had accumulated over $275,000 in debt because her Social Security number was linked to eight scammers and 42 accounts, including mortgages, auto loans, and credit cards. To pull off this fraud, criminals obtain a Social Security number with no prior credit history, and they use it to apply for a credit card under a fake name. While the first fraudulent credit card application is usually denied, the failed attempt creates a ‘‘synthetic identity’’ with credit bureaus. This allows thieves to apply for credit cards, other lines of credit, cell phones, and other activities that require a credit check. Over time, thieves are able to rack up mountains of debt and ruin kids’ credit before they have a chance to build their futures. Every day, Arizona families shouldn’t have to worry about their kids being targets of financial fraud and identity theft. Because financial criminals constantly use new tricks to steal children’s identities, we must modernize and strengthen ID verification for everyday financial activities. Our bill, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act, fights back and gives Arizonans peace of mind. By directing the Social Security Administration to modernize its ID verification system to allow for more transactions to be screened and verified, we are taking a commonsense step to ensure people are who they say they are. Our commonsense bill closes a key security gap, helping to stop synthetic identity theft in its tracks. Thank you to Chairman BRADY and special thanks to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), my friend, for working together to protect our children and crack down on fraudsters. Arizonans value their privacy, and they want us to work together to protect it. I am happy to work across the aisle to bring financial criminals to justice and help hardworking Arizona families get ahead. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank my colleague, Ms. SINEMA . It is a pleasure to work with her and to team up, in a bipartisan manner, to fight fraud and to help the most vulnerable, in this case, the children. I am very grateful to her, for all her work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act. I would also like to begin by thanking Leader MCCARTHY and my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee, especially CARLOS CURBELO , for his support in bringing this legislation to the House floor. H.R. 5192 will bring the Social Security Administration into the 21st century to assist the private sector in combating identity fraud. Identity theft affects thousands, if not millions, of children and families a year. A report by Carnegie Mellon CyLab examined more than 40,000 cases of identity theft and found that 10 percent of children in the study had someone else using their Social Security number. Among other things, children’s identities were used to purchase homes and open credit card accounts. According to the information recently published by the Algonquin Patch, Illinois ranks number seven in the United States for identity theft. The median loss for fraud is nearly $500. Credit card fraud is the most common type of fraud. For example, in Wilmette, Illinois, the Social Security number of a 13 yearold was used by a fraudster to open a credit card with a plan to use it to pay for plastic surgery. Imagine when these children go to get their first legitimate extension of credit, maybe a car loan or a student loan, only to find out that criminals have stolen their identities and wrecked their financial standing. The Protecting Children from Identity Theft will strengthen the relationship between the public and private sectors in order to combat identity theft. Specifically, it will bring the Social Security Administration into the 21st century by allowing companies who meet strict regulatory standards to electronically confirm whether a name, date of birth, and Social Security number match. This will make it much easier for companies, such as credit card issuers, to ensure that they are only providing credit to legitimate applicants. This will prevent millions of dollars in fraud costs, not to mention preventing all of the headaches for my constituents whose identities will be at risk unless this bill is signed into law. Again, I want to encourage all of my colleagues to vote in support of the 
Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no further requests for time, so I am going to move ahead and close. Mr. Speaker, I think we have seen much agreement on the floor today, pleasantly so. I really don’t know when I have seen as much agreement on a group of bills and legislation as I have seen on this day. And I guess it really means that all of us agree that we need to do everything that we can to protect ourselves from identity theft, that we need to look after the interest of children and protect them. I want to thank all of the staff from both sides of the aisle, even those who worked for subcommittees, as well as for the primary staff, for the tremendous amount of work that they have done. Again, it is a pleasure working with Mr. CURBELO , and I guess if we don’t agree on everything, we do agree that all of us have a responsibility to file and pay income taxes in order to keep our government moving. It has been a pleasant day, not just for us, but I think all of our constituents, who have watched the proceedings, probably are saying to themselves that they would love to see more days like this, and I would, too. So I urge passage of this bill and the others that we have had before us. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the comments of my colleague, Mr. DAVIS, and I agree with him. This is certainly something to celebrate. The American people oftentimes see us arguing. It is less often that they see us collaborating, working together to advance policies that will improve quality of life in our country. That is why I want to again urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5192, the Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act. We need to do everything we can to safeguard our communities from these fraud schemes. This problem has worsened significantly over the past few years and is leaving families with debt they did not accrue and a weaker credit history. H.R. 5192 will help root out synthetic identity fraud through modernized verification of customer information, and I hope my colleagues will join me in voting to help protect individuals across the country from this illegal activity. Once again, Mr. Speaker, my appreciation to Chairman BRADY , to Ranking Member NEAL, to Mr. D AVIS, to Mr. HULTGREN , to Ms. S INEMA , and to everyone who has been a part of making this happen, so that, after we pass this legislation, children in our country won’t have to worry about having their identities stolen at such a young age. This kind of fraud can really ruin people’s lives, and today, we are working together, as one united House, Republicans and Democrats, to fight fraud and to protect children, some of the most vulnerable people in our society. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 830, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 420, nays 1, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 142] YEAS—420 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Black Bridenstine DeLauro Jenkins (WV) Scalise Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Weber (TX) 
b1720 Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 142. 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 141 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 141, a bill originally introduced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL SERVICE AND THE NATIONAL HONOR GUARD AND PIPE BAND EXHIBITION Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 115, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 115 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR NATIONAL PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL SERVICE. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. AUTHORIZING Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, April 25, 2018, for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Emmanuel Macron, President of the French Republic. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. f 
MAKE THE BAN ON DRILLING PERMANENT (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this week marks the eighth anniversary of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the central Gulf of Mexico. Accordingly, I rise today to, once again, vigorously oppose any effort to allow energy exploration in the eastern gulf. The ban on drilling east of the Military Mission Line, 86 degrees, 41 minutes west, was put in place in 2006 and is going to expire in 2022. We need to make it permanent. Our tourism industry in Florida and our residential development need protection from offshore drilling. We need protection from the oil companies. Another spill like Deepwater Horizon would be an existential threat to Florida. The clockwise loop current, which runs all down the west coast, would carry any chemicals that get into the water all down the west coast to Key West. We don’t need the eastern Gulf to become selfsufficient in energy, either. Technology and the shale revolution have taken care of that. The Western Hemisphere is already independent and the U.S. itself will be before long. It is estimated that the U.S. will supply 30 percent of Mexico’s gas by 2030. In the Permian Basin alone, one of the three producing sands is estimated to hold over 20 billion barrels of oil equivalence. As the CEO of Shell said recently: We will see peak demand for gasoline and oil within the decade. Shell’s latest offshore platform, the Vito, has been scaled back 80 percent from 40,000 tons to 8,900 tons because it is just not productive. Shell is investing in alternative energies. Mr. Speaker, please protect Florida and make the ban permanent. 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION WEAKENS CLEAN AIR PROTECTIONS (Mr. MCEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply concerned by the administration’s continued assault on essential regulations that protect our health and our environment. All Americans need, deserve, and have a right to breathe clean air. Historically, we have upheld that right to reasonable, sciencebased limits on pollution, but that tradition is under assault. Last week, the administration directed the EPA to weaken the standards for ambient air pollution. By allowing for emissions trading, this directive will magnify existing environmental injustices, enabling increased pollution in communities that already live with dangerously high concentrations. The order also softens public health mandates under the Clean Air Act. It restricts what kind of scientific data regulators can use, and it increases their workloads without providing new resources. Mr. Speaker, if we ignore the best available science or if we starve agencies of the resources they need to actually uphold commonsense limits, then we are not protecting the American people. Last week’s directive was dangerous and a needless mistake. Like the rest of this administration’s dirty energy agenda, it needs to be reversed. 
b1730 HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LINDA LAMBOURNE (Mr. KNIGHT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Linda Lambourne, a loving wife, compassionate mother, dedicated public servant, and a pillar in the community of Santa Clarita. Linda served this esteemed body as an aide to my predecessor, Congressman Buck McKeon. She later continued her public service in the office of my dear friend, California State senator, Scott Wilk. Her energy, kindness, and commitment to the people of her community was felt by everyone who had the privilege of meeting her. Linda was deeply admired and loved by her family and the people of Santa Clarita. Mr. Speaker, although she was diagnosed with ALS nearly 3 years ago, Linda never lost her vibrant spirit, as her memory continues, to this day, to be a light in our community. She is survived by her husband, Steve; her two daughters, Lindsey and Angie; and her five grandchildren. While California may have lost a dear friend with her passing, her joy and wealth of kindness will continue to spread from everyone she touched. May God bless her and her family, and may she rest in peace. f 
TAX DAY 2018 (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, as Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes put it: ‘‘Taxes are the price we pay for a civilized society.’’ I rise today because, with the enactment of the Republican tax bill, the American people have been getting the short end of that deal. When the majority jammed through their tax bill, we all knew it was a massive giveaway to the superwealthy and the wellconnected. Now we see the evidence, tax day. The vast majority of tax cuts have gone to stock buybacks, dividends, and corporate mergers, while only a sliver of the benefits have found their way to American workers. On top of that, it will be ordinary Americans and our children and grandchildren who will shoulder the trillions of dollars of debt and threats to cut the very Federal programs that help them and their families make ends meet. Americans deserve better than the Republican tax bill, massive debt, and neverending dysfunction. They deserve better jobs, better wages, and a better future. 
RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF HAROLD ‘‘HAL’’ SNOPEK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the legacy of Harold ‘‘Hal’’ Snopek of Binghamton, New York. Mr. Hal Snopek was the beloved Chenango town supervisor and, sadly, passed away last month. Hal graduated from Chenango Forks High School, where he was a multiyear letterman, setting several school records, one which still stands today. He was inducted into the New York State Public High School Hall of Fame Athletic Association in 1991. Hal was also a devoted car salesman at JW Greene for over 25 years. He was appointed to the Chenango town board in 2004, and served as the town’s current supervisor. Hal was deeply devoted to his family, leaving behind his loving wife and high school sweetheart, Donna, his daughters, Tami and Tina, four grandchildren, and two greatgrandchildren. Along with being a dedicated public servant, Hal was a loving husband, dad, grandfather, and ‘‘Pop Pop.’’ He was a parishioner at the former St. Christopher’s Church, where he and Donna were married 57 years ago, and he was currently active at Most Holy Rosary. In his later years, Hal enjoyed driving all over town with his wife, Donna, in his 1932 Chevy. He was known as a Mr. FixIt and loved to work on cars. Hal was also known for his warm heart and great sense of humor. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Hal’s contributions to the town of Chenango over the past two decades. Our deepest condolences to Hal’s family on the loss of an honored and beloved member of our community. f 
HONORING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (RETIRED) ROY F. TACHIAS (Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great New Mexican and American hero, Sergeant First Class Roy Tachias of Albuquerque, who is here with us today. In 1950, Roy Tachias was deployed to Korea, where he saw fierce combat. One night, Roy was ordered to mount a forward listening post. That night, in darkness, he witnessed the Chinese Army approaching. Alone, Roy began to shout, shoot, and throw grenades at the waves of soldiers. This threw the enemy into disarray and stopped the attack. By morning, Sergeant Tachias had singlehandedly killed 33 enemy soldiers and taken one prisoner. He earned the Silver Star for conspicuous gallantry and heroism. Stars and Stripes called him the ‘‘One Man Army.’’ Sergeant Tachias was wounded five times in Korea and received the Purple Heart with a Bronze Star with valor. After the war, Roy married and settled in California. He eventually returned to the Army and served two tours in Vietnam, where his leadership and bravery earned him another Bronze Star. In 1976, he retired and returned home to New Mexico. It is with great gratitude, pride, and respect that we recognize his service today. New Mexico is humbled by his lifetime of service that began on the Korean Peninsula in 1950, and has continued to inspire those around him. 
RECOGNIZING THE SYLVESTER COMPREHENSIVE CANCER CENTER (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center at my alma mater, the University of Miami. Sylvester is the only universitybased cancer center in South Florida. With locations from Miami to Coral Springs, it serves one of the most diverse regions in the Nation. We are lucky to have Sylvester because, unfortunately, Florida has the second highest rate of cancer in the country. This is why, every day, more 
than 250 doctors and scientists at Sylvester work tirelessly to discover exciting breakthroughs and lead the search to find a cure for cancer. Sylvester is also committed to increasing access to prevention and early detection for South Florida’s most vulnerable and highrisk communities. The center will soon be launching a cuttingedge mobile screening unit to serve thousands throughout South Florida. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate all of the doctors, the nurses, and the researchers at Sylvester Cancer Center on their amazing success, and thank them for providing highly specialized and unique cancer treatment for all of our South Florida community residents. 
RECOGNIZING THE PASSING OF RICK ANTLE (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of Rick Antle, an absolute legend of the agriculture industry in our Salinas Valley and all across our great Nation. Rick was the president and CEO of the produce giant, Tanimura & Antle. T&A’s success was due to Rick’s and his family’s stewardship of the environment, as well as his employees. For the farmworkers, who he called the backbone of his business, he provided state oftheart healthcare and housing, and invited all of his employees to join a stock option program so that they could become owners of the company. The way he ran T&A was a testament to his caring personality and his political philosophy. Yet, for Rick, nothing was more important than family. A beloved son, a devoted husband and soulmate to his wife, Tonya, a doting grandfather, and a dedicated father, Rick’s love for his family, generosity to his employees, and contributions to the agriculture community and to our community will never be forgotten. That is why I will never forget his son, Brian, recounting the best piece of advice Rick ever gave him, which was that ‘‘the best fertilizer a farmer can ever use is his shadow.’’ To me, that philosophy sums up Rick and the Antle family, and that is why he will always be there, and that is why Rick Antle will always be with us. 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF MAYOR RONNIE E. JACOBS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Nahunta mayor, Ronnie E. Jacobs, who passed away on Thursday, March 29, at the age of 64. Mayor Jacobs had been the mayor of Nahunta, Georgia, in Georgia’s First Congressional District, for over 15 years and across four different decades. Mayor Jacobs lived in Nahunta for his entire life, taking great pride in his town, and truly caring about its residents and wellbeing. A testament to his hard work for the wellbeing of Nahunta, Mayor Jacobs founded Neighbors Helping Neighbors there in 2004, which is a nonprofit that helps citizens search for jobs, purchase homes, apply for nutrition assistance, and much more. Mayor Jacobs has also done an exceptional job guiding his residents through unique situations for Nahunta, including population changes, hurricanes, and wildfires. Mayor Jacobs will be remembered by many in Nahunta as one of the best leaders the city has ever had. His family and the city of Nahunta are in my thoughts and prayers. f 
SEVERE RAIN AND FLOODING IN KAUAI AND EAST OAHU (Ms. HANABUSA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague, Congresswoman TULSI GABBARD , to call attention to the damage done by severe rain and flooding on the island of Kauai and in East Oahu. It was an unexpected spring storm and, according to the National Weather Service, the town of Hanalei received more than 27 inches of rain over the weekend. Hanalei is home to my very good friends, the Haraguchis. Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, there are no reports of injuries, and for that we are lucky and grateful. However, the images of mudslides, mangled roadways, and severely damaged homes is heartbreaking. It is encouraging to watch neighbors helping neighbors and strangers coming together to share food, electricity, and water. Kauai suffered a direct hit from a hurricane and is home to the wettest place on planet Earth. Yet, their mayor, Bernard Carvalho, who was born and raised on the island, declared the disaster ‘‘the worst.’’ On Oahu, during a 24hour rainfall from 4 p.m. Friday to 4 p.m. Saturday, more rain fell in Niu Valley in one day than in all of April 2017. Flooding closed a major highway, filled homes with waistdeep water, and washed debris out to sea. FEMA is working with State and county officials and is prepared to initiate Federal assistance the moment the Governor asks for it. Mr. Speaker, I ask that all our colleagues stand with us and to have prayers for the people of Hawaii. 
EXTEND THE BIODIESEL AND RENEWABLE DIESEL TAX INCENTIVES (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues in Congress to extend the biodiesel and renewable diesel tax incentives through the end of this year. For many years, biodiesel producers, blenders, and marketers have endured inconsistent Federal tax treatment, while being asked to wait for a much needed thoughtful and comprehensive look at energy tax policy. We just celebrated the end of an old, outdated, and outoftouch Tax Code, and it is time to deal with the last pieces of uncertainty. Biodiesel provides important environmental and economic benefits across the country, helps us reduce our reliance on foreign energy sources, and is a reliable source of Americanmade energy. Production has long been stymied by the onagain, offagain policy Congress has been implementing, and we must provide certainty to the markets and to all the producers, blenders, and marketers whose livelihood depends on biodiesel. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and extend the biodiesel and renewable diesel tax incentives to the end of this year, and work with me and others, in a bipartisan way, to find a more permanent solution to this system of irresponsible stopgap tax extensions. f 
GOP TAX SCAM (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as certain as March 20 is the first day of spring, today, April 17, at midnight, is the tax filing deadline for 2017 returns. Months after passing the $1.8 trillion deficitbusting tax giveaway, Republicans are still trying to sell their trickledown tax scam. In fact, Republicans are so desperate to spin the tax scam that a GOPsanctioned PAC group will spend $1 million on TV ads to convince us of what we know isn’t true. The American people aren’t buying it. Republicans’ huge tax bonanzas to corporations and billionaires is not trickling down to the American people. It is billions of dollars in tax givebacks to major corporations, but 12 cents to the average worker. Instead of stuffing the tax scam with corporate giveaways, we should have closed the carried interest loophole, one of many promises President Trump made during his campaign and then broke. That loophole lets hedge fund managers pay a 20 percent tax on their investment profits instead of the 37 percent individual income tax. The Republican tax plan is pure greed, and we should reverse it at our first opportunity. 
b1745 HONORING THE LIFE OF CALLA MEDIG (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Calla Medig. Going to the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas had become an annual tradition for Calla. She would always take time off from her job as a waitress in Edmonton, Canada, so she could travel to Las Vegas just for the festival. Calla was a hard worker and was about to become the newest manager at her restaurant. She was a mature, grounded, and lighthearted person. Calla will be remembered for being kind and warmhearted and for being someone who would always greet you with a beaming smile. I extend my condolences to Calla Medig’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
CELEBRATING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE OF THE LATE HONORABLE LOUISE SLAUGHTER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep sadness that I rise to celebrate the extraordinary life of our great friend, colleague, mentor, inspiration, and muchrespected Congresswoman, Louise Slaughter. We met a long time ago in 1983, when both of us entered as freshmen in the New York State Assembly. I understood in that moment of meeting that there was greatness there, and it only built beyond what I anticipated through the years. Louise was a woman of great respect, of great charm, of intellect, integrity, and passion for doing the right thing. And, Louise, this evening, we just say thank you for the impact that you have had on our lives and, more importantly, on the people for whom you have spoken and for those who have been impacted favorably by your sound works. We call to mind this evening the people of the 25th Congressional District of New York, who have lost a great voice in this Chamber, and those of other districts’ iterations that she represented through the years that she served in this remarkable body. We call to mind Don and her Rules staff. People who were there as committee people assisting her in her every move. We call to mind Liam and her crew here in D.C. and at home in the district office, and certainly her family and friends, people who have worked with her through the years. It is a great loss for all of us. Louise did everything with charm. When Louise introduced herself to newly elected House Speaker Jim Wright as a newly entering Member back in 1986, she spoke in that wonderful upstate New York accent, inflected with her deep Kentucky roots, which Speaker Wright immediately discerned. In her very forward way, she threw out her hand to shake his, and she introduced herself to the new Speaker: Mr. Speaker, I’m Louise Slaughter from upstate New York. And he responded: It’s about time upstate New York elected somebody without an accent. Louise was a great storyteller. She had this way of really personalizing an issue and making it so human that you couldn’t shake. She brought the relevance of issues to human life. There was no better storyteller than Louise Slaughter, and she peppered everything with her unique and delightful sayings that were such a signature of her personality. She was a person of extraordinary integrity and courage. I remember sitting with her and some of our colleagues when Bob passed, her late husband. I know how much she loved him and how much he loved her, and I cannot imagine the pain she felt in that moment. But I watched her steel herself, pick herself up and go on, just the way Bob would have been wanted, an expression of the deepest love and respect I have ever been privileged to witness. Louise had a devotion to public service that was born of the 1960s in a truly aspirational moment for our country, an era that gave birth to a newfound driven political generation. And I like to imagine Louise in that moment listening to the voices of the people, reading news of conflict, of hope for racial and social justice, of fights for peace in the face of seemingly endless war in Vietnam, and empowering women and speaking for our environment, all set with extraordinary music. Bob Dylan’s ‘‘Blowin’ In The Wind’’ gave us a series of intractable questions about peace, about war, about freedom, at a time when those questions were on the lips of every single American. And Louise, speaking about blowing in the wind, was never a weather vane politician. Amidst the uncertainty and conflict of that moment, she forged herself a backbone of steel and never wavered, never blew with the wind. She did what was right, and it didn’t have to be popular. Bob had a love and passion for politics as great as his wonderful wife, Louise. They were such a Washington couple. Bob would sometimes drive Louise back and forth from Rochester, New York, to Albany. He was known as an incredibly thoughtful and brilliant partner who supported Louise tirelessly. Their activism began with their fight to protect Hart’s Woods in Perinton, just outside of Rochester. Louise would go on to organize Democrats in Perinton, and Bob went on to found the Genesee Valley People’s Power Coalition, fighting against rate increases by Rochester Gas and Electric Corporation. Bob and Louise loved their family above all, and tonight I want to recognize their daughters—Megan Secatore, Amy Slaughter, and Emily Robin Minerva—and thank them and their families for the gift of their mother’s time and their unselfish giving of her so that she could serve our Nation. Megan and Amy and Emily, this Nation owes you a debt of thanks for the extraordinary spirit and achievement of your parents, our great and dearly departed friends, Louise and Bob Slaughter. I have to speak of them as a team. Louise left her imprint on all whom she served in Rochester and in Washington and for a generation yet unborn. Louise’s passion and foresight live on through the lasting and extraordinary legacy of her work and through the service that she provided, knowing that that service will continue long into the future. She was recognized as a fighter for the common, ordinary person, and that is the greatest tribute we can offer her. We say thank you to a humble servant who picked up the task and did it masterfully well. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York’s 16th Congressional District (Mr. ENGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague for yielding to me. I think he really just said it all. I had the pleasure of knowing Louise for almost 40 years. We served together in the New York State Assembly up in Albany, New York, and I was senior to her in the New York State Assembly. She ran for Congress a few years before I did, and she was senior to me here. I never stopped teasing her about that to remind her that she may be senior here, but if you put the length of our terms together, I am senior to her, and we always got a kick out of that and always laughed. One thing about Louise is what you saw is what you got. Louise spoke her mind. She wasn’t afraid to stand up to power. She was always thinking of the good for the country and for New York and her congressional district. And there was no other calculation in what she did. It was just feeling good trying to help the people. 
She was outspoken, and she said what was on her mind, and she knew more things than many of us have forgotten. She knew them, and she remembered them, and she would always have a little quip or a little thing to say that would really make you laugh and would make you feel like you were with a friend. And she kind of gave you the inside scoop on a bunch of things. You know, she was the Member of Congress who was the oldest Member of Congress, and you would never know it. When I first found out how old she was, I thought it was a misprint. She was always young. Until the day she died, she was young, young and having a passion and a belief of helping people and having a belief in government and government was there to do good for people and to be a good tool, not, as some people would say, that government is the enemy. Louise always believed that government should be and could be and would be a friend: a friend to do things for people, for seniors, for poor people, for immigrants. If you needed someone to come and help you work for any cause that was a right cause, all you had to do was ask Louise, and she always said yes. Now, our offices back in the Rayburn building are opposite each other. So you go down the hallway. If you turn left, you are in my office; if you turn right, you are in her office. So I often got to meet her when we were going to votes and got to say things to her about New York politics, and she really had the in, the scoop. She really knew what it was. I am going to miss her. I already miss her. I know we have so many of our colleagues from New York who are here because all of us together have a heartfelt appreciation of what it was to be Louise and to be Louise’s friend. You know that twang she had from Kentucky? She always proudly told everyone she was from Kentucky, but her heart was really from New York, and I will miss her dearly. Rest peacefully, my friend. We all love you. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York’s Seventh Congressional District (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ). Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding time to me and thank my friends for organizing this tribute. Louise was a remarkable woman, an astute legislator, a skilled negotiator, and a gifted debater. She will be remembered for all those traits. But she will also be remembered for her compassion, her humor, and the many kindnesses she extended to all of us. I will always recall the many times coming down to this very floor to speak and hearing Louise arguing for fairness and opposing policies bad for our Nation. She was a fierce orator with a sharp wit. When she disagreed with how this House was doing business, she let it be known. She was a passionate voice for progressive values. Like a New Yorker, she never backed down from a fight. If she wanted to get something done, she dug in her heels and fought like hell for it. But, as a daughter of the South, she will equally be remembered for her amazing wit, her gentle touch, her disarming smile, and her genuine friendships on both sides of the aisle. What is remarkable is that, at the end of the day, when the debate concluded and the votes were taken, Louise was known for sharing a laugh with her colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle. Someone once described her as ‘‘a combination of Southern charm and backroom politics, a Southern belle with a cigar in her mouth.’’ She truly was larger than life. When Louise came to Congress, there were far fewer women in this body. She helped lead the way for so many of us who came after, breaking down barriers. So many of us owe her a debt of gratitude for the trails she blazed. As a fellow New Yorker, as a fellow female Member of Congress, but most of all, as her friend, I know I will miss her. This body is better served for her service, and the U.S. House will certainly be a less colorful place without seeing her on the floor, leading debates on the rules with her Kentucky accent and her commitment to progressive values. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for the opportunity to speak. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York’s 17th Congressional District (Mrs. LOWEY ). Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, our Nation still grieves the loss of a great New Yorker, Louise Slaughter. I will never forget when Louise and I, still just junior Congresswomen at the time, charged up the steps of the U.S. Senate to demand that Anita Hill be allowed to testify against Clarence Thomas. b1800 Louise never lost that fighting spirit, fearlessness, and commitment to justice, equality, and women’s rights. She broke barriers, becoming the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee, and set a strong example of public services and principled leadership as dean of the New York congressional delegation. As a leading champion of women’s empowerment, she proudly represented Seneca Falls, the site of the first women’s rights convention. It was an honor to charge alongside Louise up the steps of the Senate that fall day years ago, and during the many battles we fought together for America’s healthcare, women’s rights, opportunity for working men and women, and so much more. New York, the Congress, and our country have suffered an immeasurable loss. I do pray that Congresswoman Slaughter’s family and the legions of staff who served her may find comfort knowing her great legacy and many accomplishments have improved the lives of so many Americans. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), from New York’s 12th Congressional District. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his incredible leadership in supporting Louise, organizing all of her many elections, and organizing this tribute to her tonight. No one was a better public servant or fighter for her constituents than Louise Slaughter. Her passing is a huge loss for New York, for the House, and for all of us. She worked for people right up until the day she died. When I first came to Congress, Louise took me under her wing. For that, and her friendship, I will be forever grateful. I truly miss her dearly, but I am comforted knowing the legacy that she leaves behind. When Louise became a Member of the House in 1987, she was one of just 25 female leaders. Today, we number more than 100. I have no doubt that her leadership and the example she set as the first female chair of the House Rules Committee led to more women running for office. She was a trailblazer, and she broke down doors for people, for women, and for real change in this country. While I could go on and on about her legislative achievements, including the Violence Against Women Act—the first bill that I worked on when I came to Congress with Louise—she was the lead Democrat along with thenSenator Biden. It was a transformational bill that addressed violence against women. She fought years for it. Many people thought it was a personal affair, a family affair, and she fought to making it a legal affair that women should be protected in any and every circumstance. It had money in it to train police and prosecutors to be more sensitive to the needs of women and the violence against them. She was a biologist by training and was very proud of this background. She was a leader on FDA health issues and was the first to introduce genetic information and the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act that became a central part of the Affordable Care Act, that you should not hold preexisting conditions and prevent healthcare for people because of preexisting conditions. She considered that one of her greatest achievements. She led the debate on the floor for the Democrats for the Affordable Care Act and its passage. She oversaw that historic debate. Her impact extends far beyond the bills that she passed and the committees that she chaired. She was the first woman to chair most of the committees that she became part of. During her 31 years in Congress, she was a 
mentor to many female Members and, because of that, played a major role in shaping our party and coalition we are today. She was a leader for New York, and she was a leader for Democrats in New York. She was one of the first Democrats to be elected in upstate New York, and everyone running for office in upstate New York, the first person they went to was Louise Slaughter. I am proud to have called her a dear friend and mentor and grateful to be able to pay tribute to her and to say thank you to her and her family. She adored her late husband, Bob, and we all appreciate the great impact she had on me, on this Congress, and on our Nation. Louise, we miss you. You are in our hearts. Thank you, dear friend. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative YVETTE CLARKE of New York’s Ninth Congressional District. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative TONKO  for leading this Special Order hour in commemoration of our dear colleague, the Honorable Louise Slaughter. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleagues on the floor today to honor a remarkable woman. Words just couldn’t adequately capture the sense of sadness I felt after hearing of the loss of Congresswoman Louise Slaughter, the dean of the New York delegation. Louise dedicated her life’s work to the people of western New York and, indeed, all Americans across our great Nation. She embodied a spirit of strength, wisdom, and grace, and she was beautiful inside and out. She represented the very best of the American spirit, our values, and our ideals. Louise was a trailblazer and was the first woman to serve as chair and ranking member of the powerful House Rules Committee. She commanded the respect and admiration of all of her colleagues. Having had the honor of serving with Louise has enriched my passion for service and my commitment to fight for the most vulnerable amongst us. Louise was indeed a woman on whose shoulders I stand. The United States Congress has lost an esteemed leader, the New York delegation has lost a beloved dean, and I have lost a cherished friend and mentor. It was my great privilege to serve with Louise Slaughter, and she is missed immensely. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) from New York’s 10th Congressional District. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am heartbroken at the loss of Louise Slaughter, who was a dear friend and a beloved colleague. I first met Louise when she was elected to the New York State Assembly in 1982, and ELIOT ENGEL and Louise Slaughter and I sat next to each other on the Assembly floor. She was only with us in the Assembly for 4 years and then she came here. I trailed her by another 6 years. She always was a champion of upstate New York, which caused people to do a double take when they heard her southern lilt. She was a champion of so many things before their time. She was a champion for women’s rights. She was a passionate leader as cochair of the ProChoice Caucus for many years. She protected the freedom of every woman to live, work, and start a family on her own terms. She was, as you have heard, the chairman at one point, the leading Democrat on the House Rules Committee. She was tough, determined, and compassionate, and she was a fighter. She was a fighter for the vulnerable and those without a voice. She was a microbiologist before she came into politics. And she left a lasting imprint of that with her Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act when we started to get the ability to deal with the genomics. She understood before anybody else the potentials for good and for bad, and she wrote and eventually got into law the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act so people wouldn’t be discriminated against on the basis of their genetic traits. She wrote the STOCK Act, to prohibit Congress Members from trading on inside knowledge, which not every Member of Congress was thrilled with. But she was more than just her legislative accomplishments. She was a gracious and true friend who brought joy and laughter into every room, and she had a great sense of humor. When she ran for Congress the first time, she ran against an incumbent who, being in the minority party at that time, was in the habit of voting ‘‘no’’ on a lot of things. And she labeled him in the campaign as the ‘‘Abominable NoMan.’’ So she had a sense of humor which other people appreciated, and she will long be remembered for her sense of humor, for her decency, her humanity, and her tireless, fearless work for everyone. The Halls of the Capitol feel diminished without her. And I have realized over the last few weeks how lucky we all were to know her, to work with her, to call her a friend. We will always miss her, and this institution will be diminished by her absence. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative JOHN KATKO from New York’s 24th Congressional District. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of one of my dear friends and colleagues, Representative Dorothy Louise McIntosh Slaughter. Congresswoman Slaughter passed away last month at the age of 88 after more than 31 years of service in the House of Representatives representing the people of Rochester, New York. Born a coal miner’s daughter from Kentucky, Louise quickly became a true native daughter of upstate New York, exemplifying its values and representing her fellow constituents with the zeal and tenacity that was unrivaled in her storied tenure. Becoming the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee, Congresswoman Slaughter was a pioneer in her advocacy for issues ranging from congressional transparency to health protections for those with preexisting conditions. I had the distinct honor, pleasure, and privilege to work with Representative Slaughter on a whole host of issues that affect our neighboring communities in upstate New York and the Nation at large. Whether it was tackling the opioid epidemic, or ensuring our citizens had access to clean drinking water, I am proud, but humbled, to say Louise and I worked side by side. For Louise, the interest of her constituents and fellow Americans rose above all else as she embodied the true meaning of bipartisanship, readily reaching across the aisle to people like me, in spite of party or public pressure, to achieve the common good. Rest peacefully, Louise. I will miss your lovely demeanor and your wonderful smile. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative JOHN LEWIS, who represents Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Brother PAUL, for yielding. It is hard. It is difficult to stand here and know that Sister Louise Slaughter is not here. We came to Congress together, and, from time to time, she would call me Brother JOHN. I loved Sister Louise. She would talk. She would laugh. She was smart, gifted, and brave. She was courageous and sometimes very bold. I will never forget the trip to Rochester to be with her and see how the people loved her, adored her. I think when God created Sister Louise, he destroyed the mold. She was one of a kind, so wonderful. I miss her every single day. I thank Brother PAULfor doing this. Sister Louise would be very proud of him. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Brother JOHNfor his comments. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative NANCY PELOSI from California, our former Speaker, our Democratic leader, our minority leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I think this may have happened to me at the funeral as well when I followed JOHN LEWIS at the podium. What a task. I thank the gentleman for being such an inspiration and thank him for loving Louise so much as we know she loved Brother JOHNas well. Aren’t we proud of PAULTONKO and his relationship with Louise, a friendship that goes back to the State legislature many years ago in New York. Louise came 31 years ago to the Congress. He came more recently, but his 
friendship goes back longer. So dear was he to her. So here we have Louise—and I don’t have a magic minute, so this is not an 8hour proposition in high heels, although I would love to do that for Louise any time—but let me just make some wishes. I wish you could have all been in Rochester for Louise’s memorial service to hear her grandchildren talk about her. As a grandmother myself, and any time I go to a service now, I think: What do the grandchildren think? What do they know about their grandmother? Do they know how much their grandmother loved them? Louise’s grandchildren do and did. Hopefully we will be hearing more from them. b1815 They spoke magnificently about her personally—not so great about her cooking, not that day anyway. But, anyway, they just loved her so much. She was about the future, but she had a tremendous respect for the past as well. So when many of us, Brother JOHN, visited her in Rochester, we would go to Susan B. Anthony’s home to see where so much of women’s rights began. She would take us across the borderline of the district to see where it all began at Seneca Falls. She took such ownership of our suffragettes and her responsibility to carry forth their courage and their possibilities for the future. She was a Southern belle with a Southern charm and a Northern timetable. So you never wanted to waste too much time not giving in to Louise because eventually she would have her way. Save yourself some time: Whatever you say, Louise. She was a beautiful person to serve with. Many of our colleagues want to speak about her. I will have another opportunity tomorrow, but I did want to add my voice, once again, to our colleagues’, as we speak about her with great respect, admiration, and affection that is about Louise Slaughter. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). Representative A NNA ESHOO  represents the 18th District. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank our colleague and dear friend, PAULTONKO , for organizing this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, to all of Congresswoman Slaughter’s staff that is here, we pay tribute to them. She loved them, and she would talk about each one of them. I don’t know which one is which, but she thought that we all knew which one was which. She had all the stories straight. She was so proud of them. There is so much to be said about Louise. She was a great mother. She was a fabulous wife to Bob. She was a microbiologist. She was a great grandmother. She represented a district in western New York with a Kentucky accent. I don’t think that will ever happen again. She had a beautiful singing voice. I don’t know how many Members know that. When our country was attacked and the Congress went out in front of the Capitol, it was Congresswoman Slaughter who started singing ‘‘God Bless America,’’ and everyone joined in on that. She was not only proud to represent the home of the feminists, those revolutionaries, she was one herself, and she was damn proud of it. She wasn’t an apologist for any of it. She was proud of it because she understood that that was what was going to move America forward. She loved this House. She had a home on the Hill, and she had a home in her district, but she loved this House. She used to stand right here. This is where she did her work. Mr. Speaker, don’t cross Louise. Don’t ever cross Louise. She was a lady, but I will tell you something, you would feel the wrath of Louise Slaughter if you went the other way on her. The way I will always remember Louise is that she knew how to love. She knew how to love well. She had a fierceness about her in taking care of her constituents. They belonged to her, and she belonged to them. As the leader recalled, the tribute they paid to her at her memorial I think was second to none. So, Louise, my friend, no one is ever going to fill your shoes around here, but we stand taller because we knew you. She showed us the right way to be a friend, the best way to represent people, and how to fight tough and fight hard for the right things. I loved Louise’s accent. When you would see her on the floor, she would say: ANNA, have I told you this week that I just love you? When she spoke, it was as if her words were just a security blanket around you. You knew that she meant it. It was tender, it was loving, and you knew that you had one of the best partners you could ever have in any undertaking. I think that Louise is very happy in heaven. I have no doubt that she is chairing the big Rules Committee in the sky. I have no doubt that when she got to the gate, there was absolutely no discussion whatsoever as to whether she was going to take a high place in heaven because of everything that she did on Earth. So, Louise, be happy there. You earned it. We miss her here, but we know that her spirit is with us, it always will be, and that we will love her across eternity. 
There was a poet that wrote these beautiful words: So she passed over, and all the trumpets sounded for her on the other side. 
God rest you, Louise. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR.) Congresswoman M ARCY KAPTUR  represents Ohio’s Ninth District. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, what a privilege it is to be with our colleagues tonight to join together to pay tribute to our friend, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, born in Harlan County, Kentucky, who wrote fresh pages in American history. There ought to be a statue at Seneca Falls that honors her service to America. It was astounding. She became one of only 288 women in American history to be elected to this House of Representatives, and she, as with all women Members who have served as House Members, was vividly aware she was an American pioneer, as only 3 percent of individuals who have ever served here to date have been women. What a marvelous person she was to be with. We had the privilege of serving together for over three decades. Her acuity, her passion, her perseverance, and her sparkling humor and keen mind brought new life and direction to our republic and to every Member here. She was a treasured friend and, yes, dean of the New York delegation. She also became the first woman to ever chair the exclusive Rules Committee, a committee whose unusually roundthe clock schedule required members to work through the night and into the wee hours of the morning, often past midnight, or convening at the crack of dawn. It wasn’t an easy job. That committee is a place of grueling endurance, and yet she traversed that brutal track day in and day out without a whimper. How she could remain crisp on subsequent floor debates on hundreds and hundreds of bills and amendments managing thousands of details is a vivid testimony to her mental and physical strength which she devoted to our Nation. She was gracious to a fault. I recall her inviting Members to her Rules Committee office always helping Members to feel at home here. As the eldest woman in the House with 88 years of experience, Louise Slaughter brought wisdom that served America superbly. She was dedicated to the working people of our country and to the rights of women. She never stopped giving. The daughter of a blacksmith who worked in a Kentucky coal mine, she was a tireless advocate for workers in Rochester in places like Kodak or Xerox, and she stood shoulder to shoulder with her community and fought with full soul against bad trade deals that she correctly feared would hollow out her community’s jobs and in turn the American middle class. She was right, and she never gave up fighting for them. She coauthored the Violence Against Women Act and fought full bore for equal pay for equal work and stood tall her whole career in our effort to make our Nation more just and equal. Last night, I attended an event at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, and one of the women docents took me around. I told her what happened to Louise, and she said: Oh, my goodness. I am from upstate New York. I was her constituent. She gave me a 
ticket when I was a Girl Scout to come to Washington, and look what I am doing now, a very highlevel person at that museum. I said: Louise’s gifts keep on giving. A grateful Nation thanks Louise Slaughter and her husband, Bob, who was at her side for so many, many years, and her beautiful daughters, grandchildren, and all the constituents from the greater Rochester area. She will be truly, truly missed. Through her passionate and loving work for America and commitment to liberty, she has helped make America a much more just and equal nation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, PAULTONKO , for his love of Louise and for always sitting with her and for enjoying and sharing these years. He has done a superb, masterful job this evening of paying full tribute to her and her life. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative KAPTUR . Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Representative SHEILA JACKSON LEEis the Congresswoman from the 18th District of Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman TONKO so very much for yielding. He was a dear, dear friend of Louise. I rise today to really highlight the sunshine that Congresswoman Louise McIntosh Slaughter really was to all of us. I am reminded of that day when those two planes landed in Rochester, New York, her beloved community. It was a bright, sunny day, but it was almost amazing as the buses drew up to the place of her funeral and the lines and lines of Rochester citizens, her constituents, who were lining up two by two, waiting to come to honor her. That was a true testimony to what Louise Slaughter and Bob, her husband, were to that community. They loved that community, and that community loved her. Eightyeight years of youth, because she was young, vibrant, and ready. I am delighted to acknowledge so much that she did in the areas of women’s rights and empowerment, the arts, healthcare, the battlefield preparedness, economic revitalization, the environment, and social justice, and, of course, her work dealing with the issue of genetics that, really, a lot of people in Congress didn’t even understand, but Louise with her expertise in microbiology, there she was educating all of us. As far as her leadership on the Affordable Care Act, she was one of the soldiers and generals who made sure that it passed, and as well her great work in dealing with the Violence Against Women Act and the STOCK Act to make sure that we, as Members of Congress, did the right thing financially. But I want to emphasize the tutoring that Louise Slaughter gave to me. I want to thank her staff who is sitting back in this Chamber, and her staff in her home district. But if they came to the Rules Committee, either when Louise was a member or senior member or the ranking member or chair, her astuteness and genius, her sharp wit, her reminding members that she was the chair, that we could learn from her if we decided to do so. I know personally, as a frequent visitor to the Rules Committee, Louise Slaughter was in charge and the first woman chair of this powerful committee. I learned fast from her. I cannot thank her enough for teaching a new Member at that time of the works and the goingson and the protocols of the Rules Committee and how to do it right. She never lost her humor and her wonderful Southern twang. Of course, who would be better leading Seneca Falls than Louise McIntosh Slaughter? I thank her for her fight for women’s rights and as well for taking me to Niagara Falls as a member of the Homeland Security Committee. So, finally, as I close, I am reminded that Congresswoman Slaughter had an iron fist in a velvet glove, and I loved it. I loved her wit, and I loved the fact that she was a true American. So my prayer is that the Lord bring comfort to the many people, those who Louise knew and those who felt they knew Louise Slaughter, who know that a mighty oak has fallen and are heartbroken at her loss. I ask that God bless her, may God rest her, and as well may God bless her constituents as God blesses the United States of America. Farewell, Congresswoman Louise McIntosh Slaughter, you will never be forgotten, and you will always be remembered. I want to thank my colleague PAULTONKO , for organizing this session honoring our shared friend. I rise today in remembrance of my dear friend and our beloved colleague, Congresswoman Louise McIntosh Slaughter of New York, a trailblazer for women, whose powerful voice was quieted this past March 16, 2018. Louise Slaughter lived a long, full, and consequential life and got the most out of the 88 years she graced this world. She will be remembered in this House for her service to her constituents and her colleagues, her formidable intellect, her mastery of the legislative process, and her graciousness and kindness to all who came in contact with her. After serving four years in the New York State Assembly, Louise Slaughter was elected to the 100th Congress in 1986 to represent the 30th Congressional District of New York, which at the time included downtown and eastern Rochester, most of eastern Monroe County, all of Genesee County and northern Livingston and Ontario counties. Reelected to the 15 succeeding Congresses Louise Slaughter carved out a legacy of leadership and accomplishments in the areas of women’s rights and empowerment, the arts, health care, battlefield preparedness, economic revitalization, the environment, and social justice. Born in the coal mining town of Lynch, Kentucky and educated at the University of Kentucky where she earned degrees in microbiology and public health, Louise Slaughter understood the connection between public health and a vibrant democracy, and fought to ensure passage of the landmark Affordable Care Act. In the 112th Congress, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter introduced and shepherded to passage Pub. L. 112–105, the ‘‘Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act’’ or ‘‘STOCK Act,’’ which prohibits the use of non public information for private profit, including insider trading by members of Congress and other government employees, and requires many financial transactions by members of Congress to be reported within 45 days. Mr. Speaker, since her first years on Capitol Hill, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter was an advocate for women all over the world. Among her many accomplishments, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter coauthored the landmark Violence Against Women Act, ensured the first federal funding to the National Institutes of Health to research breast cancer, and was a cofounder of the Congressional ProChoice Caucus. It is particularly fitting and altogether appropriate that this tireless champion of women, children, and families represented an area near Seneca Falls, the location of the first women’s rights convention in 1848. The dean of New York’s Congressional Delegation, Louise Slaughter was the first woman to chair the powerful House Rules Committee, and the first woman to serve as Ranking Member of that Committee, and in both roles she carried the banner and led the fight for progressive values and to make our good country better. I will always remember and be grateful to Congresswoman Louise Slaughter for her help in my duties representing the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas. I worked closely with Congresswoman Louise Slaughter and drew upon her counsel and assistance to shepherd scores of bills and amendments to passage that have been beneficial to my constituents. Louise Slaughter was incredibly generous with her knowledge and experience and served as a mentor to new members of Congress, including me. I will never forget that Louise Slaughter’s advocacy continued until her last days with us, including National Women’s March in Washington, D.C. on January 21, 2017. Mr. Speaker, Louise Slaughter was an iron fist in a velvet glove. A native of Kentucky, Louise Slaughter never lost her Southern twang and charm. Louise Slaughter effortlessly mixed humor with logic to win over skeptics. And then after disarming you, Louise Slaughter made her move. Through her words and deeds, Louise Slaughter worked to make the lives of all Americans better. Louise Slaughter was a dear friend and her loss leaves a void in my heart. It is my prayer that the Lord brings comfort to the many people—those whom Louise knew and those who felt they knew Louise Slaughter—who know that a mighty oak has fallen and are heartbroken at the loss. I thank her family for sharing her with us and the country. 
b1830 Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Representative BARBARA LEEof California’s 13th District. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank Congressman TONKO for leading this important hour in memory of our beloved friend and colleague, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter. Every time I walk on this floor, I still look for Louise. Actually, PAUL, right there. The void that she has left is just unbearable. Her passing was devastating news for all of us here, but I must once again send my thoughts and condolences to her beautiful daughters, her grandchildren, to her entire congressional district, the State of New York, and really, to our entire country. Louise was a dear friend and mentor, and she was an unparalleled legislator. Of course, she loved her district and fought for them with passion, intellect, and dedication. I also want to say to Louise’s staff how much I know, like ANNAsaid, that she loved you and she respected you. I have to say, around here poaching is a nono. Well, Louise poached one of my staff members, and I told her. And when we talked about it, I said: I am so happy, Louise. You are the only Member that I would be happy about poaching. And so thank you, all, because I know she loved you, and I was happy to allow Louise to poach my staff because she did an incredible job for Louise. Louise invited me to her district several times. I tell you, the love and the respect all across her district, I witnessed. I said, if only my district saw this, how she brought people together, because I think we could learn a lot from Louise’s ability to build coalitions. I remember when I first came to Congress, yes, 20 years ago—April 21, it will be 20 years—Louise came up to me and she said: Honey. She called everybody ‘‘Honey,’’ as you know. She said: I want to be your friend, and I want to get to know you. She said: I want to invite you to come up to Seneca Falls to mark the 150th anniversary of the Declaration of Sentiments. I tell you, that was quite a remarkable moment for me to be with Louise Slaughter, and we became close friends from that day forward. She was a trailblazer, the only microbiologist in Congress. She had a Ph.D. She was brilliant. Also, watching Louise work late into the night, past midnight, but yet she stayed engaged and energized no matter how late the Rules Committee worked. She used her role, though, as chair to fight for children and for families, for women, for communities of color, for those living below the poverty line. Another remarkable thing about Louise was her humor. Any Member of Congress, just ask anyone, Republican or Democrat, and they will tell you a story. They will share a story about her sense of humor. Yet Louise was very direct. She did not mince her words. She was a straight shooter, and you never had to guess where she was coming from. I remember when her dear husband, Bob, passed. I got to know Bob because we traveled together several times. When Louise came back, she told me: Honey, I couldn’t live if I didn’t have this job. I love serving the people of my district. I love helping the people of western New York. I love serving this country. This was her life’s work. Finally, let me just say I not only lost a colleague, but also a dear friend. My prayers are with her family and friends, her staff, her district. Louise will have a lasting place in history, though, and her spirit is with us tonight. She was a woman who exuded grace, dignity, intelligence, and she touched and enriched all our lives. Louise, we will miss you so much. May you rest in peace. May God bless you. And again, I thank PAULfor this opportunity. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Representative JACKIE SPEIER of California’s 14th District. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, thank you, and I thank my dear friend, PAUL TONKO , who loved Louise like no one else in this Chamber, for arranging this for us tonight. Tom Jones had a song, ‘‘She’s a Lady.’’ Louise Slaughter was that lady, except none of the other lyrics of that song were appropriate for Louise. She was a lady who was tough as nails, with a steel backbone and a sharp and very funny tongue. There are many people I like in our Chamber, few I truly love. I loved Louise Slaughter. Members come and go and hardly leave a footprint around here, even Members who have served long periods of time. That is not true about Louise. I still did it today. I walk onto this floor seeking her out. I look at C– SPAN and expect to see her presenting another cogent argument on the inane closed rule offered by the other side. There is a void in this Chamber with her passing, but her footprints are everywhere. Louise distinguished herself in so many issues and in so many ways: the first woman, as we have said over and over again, to represent western New York; the first woman to chair the Rules Committee. Now, as an 88yearold woman, she was chairing this committee into the wee hours of the morning, day after day, and never lost a beat. She is one of the longest serving Members. She is the only microbiologist. She was responsible for creating the first $500 million setaside for breast cancer research. She created the Office of Research on Women’s Health, and she is responsible for the passage of the STOCK Act. Mr. Speaker, and to our leader, NANCY PELOSI , I hope that we take the time to name the STOCK Act after Louise Slaughter. Louise and I spent wonderful evenings together with PAUL TONKO and MARCY KAPTUR at dinner at the National Democratic Club. She kept us in stitches. She did not suffer fools gladly, and she would see a phony $2 bill of a Member on the floor and not mince words. She also taught me to speak Southern. She taught me that you should say ‘‘bless your sweet heart,’’ which really meant, ‘‘move over,’’ expletive deleted. I will always remember her lying peacefully in the hospital, with perfectly coifed hair, as only a lady would have, and a faint smile on her face. I like to think that she was smiling because she left this world with her boots on. She was still fighting for her constituents, taking her last breaths with dignity, strength, elegance, and at peace, with her three daughters looking on with love and admiration. Louise, you are now with your beloved Bob. We all here, including your extraordinary staff who is seated here in the Chamber, are heartbroken. We are, frankly, still in shock. But we are deeply grateful to have known and to love you. God bless you always. Mr. TONKO. I thank the Congresswoman for those comments. I now yield to Representative ALMA ADAMS of North Carolina’s 12th District. Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of my dear friend, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter. I didn’t know her as long as many of my colleagues, but our brief association was profound and meaningful. When I came to Congress 4 years ago, Louise Slaughter was one of the first to welcome me. She was always genuine, kind, and personally supportive, always pleasant, and she always made you feel really good. As a historymaking, trailblazing champion of women’s rights and the only microbiologist, as you have heard, in Congress, Louise Slaughter fought for opportunity for all people. The impact of her years of advocacy and mentorship and friendship can be seen here today in the many colleagues who are standing together to honor her life. Louise was a champion for the people from the great State of New York, but I like to think of her with Kentucky roots and a Southern accent, as a fellow Southerner at heart. She left big shoes to fill, but I know she would be proud to welcome in the next generation of leaders. So I join my colleagues this evening in expressing my deepest sympathies for the family, for the friends, for the staff, and for the constituents that she leaves behind. She may no longer be with us on Earth, but her spirit and her passion for life will live on for generations to come. She clearly made our world much better than she found it. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the Congresswoman for her thoughts. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the New Hampshire District One Representative, Congresswoman CAROL SHEAPORTER. Ms. SHEAPORTER. Thank you, Congressman TONKO , for yielding. I know how close you were to Louise and how much she loved you and you loved her. I offer my condolences not only to Louise’s family, but also to Paul and to the entire Chamber, and to me, because I loved Louise, also. You hear people using the word ‘‘love’’ here. It was very genuine. When I arrived in January of 2007, I saw the fire in Louise and I saw the honey in Louise. She was a mixture of both. That is what made her so absolutely delightful. I saw her as the new chairman of the Rules Committee take on our friends across the aisle about so many issues here, and she had that fire in her. But then I saw her with the honey and the sweetness, and that is why people use the word ‘‘love’’ when they talk about Louise. So I want to tell just a very short story about my first real close encounter with Louise Slaughter. I had a dear friend in New Hampshire who very much admired Louise and wanted to meet her. I said: She is busy. She has just taken over this new position. And I am new, but okay, I will ask her. So we were walking there, and I called Louise over, and I said: Louise, I would like to introduce you to somebody who just has always admired you. Louise said: Honey, have her come into my office. So we did. And Louise sat down on the couch like she didn’t have a thing to do that day except to entertain us with tea and small talk and just her warmth and her vibrancy. My friend never forgot that. I never forgot that either. That was Louise, absolutely full of love and, as I said, full of honey and also full of fire. We miss her very much here. We always will. Condolences to her staff, who loved her as well, and I know that she loved them. And to the people of western New York, thank you for sharing her with us for so long. Mr. TONKO. I thank the Congresswoman for those comments. Mr. Speaker, now we will hear from the gentleman from Texas 35, Congressman LLOYD DOGGETT . Mr. DOGGETT. I thank Mr. TONKO so much for organizing this Special Order. I do know how special that Louise was to you and to so many of us. She was a dear friend for many years, an outspoken advocate for social and economic justice, and she put together a great team, a series of teams through her years here, some of whom are on the floor today. We salute them, also. Louise was funny, she was sometimes a bit conspiratorial, and she was a person who just refused to act her age in the best ways possible. I was amazed myself, knowing that Louise had been here a few years more than I had, to learn what her age was at the time of her passing, because she was out powerfully speaking truth to power right up until the week before she passed. She had the enthusiastic support of her late husband and tremendous partner, Bob. Both of them understood the challenges of public service, and they withstood repeated Republican assaults with wit and grit. Her fierce passion was matched with sincere compassion and kindness. Over the years, time and time again, she reached out and helped me and helped other Members. I admired her unwavering commitment to speak truth and to honor values of acceptance, equality, and justice. She put the health and wellbeing of people first, and she fought tirelessly to improve the lives of the people in her community and across this country. b1845 Louise showed just how much one determined woman can do for our country. As chair of the Rules Committee, she was involved in every major piece of legislation and many minor ones that came before this House. And in her service on Rules, it can certainly be said that she worked day and night, sometimes all night, on behalf of the people of this country. She overcame significant resistance to secure passage of the Violence Against Women Act, achieving some historic increases in funding for women’s health. She was a real trailblazer when it came to so many issues and inspired so many women to get involved and make a difference for our country. She authored the STOCK Act to ensure more complete and timely disclosure of financial dealings by the Members of this House so that no one was trading off the public trust for private gain. I think of Louise and look over to this microphone each time a rule is brought up in the House setting forth the terms of debate for legislation. There is a vacancy in the House, and there is a vacancy in our hearts for a tough but generous woman. We salute her daughters, Megan, Amy, and Emily; her grandchildren; her greatgrandchild, all of whom she often referred to and showed such great affection for. May it be a source of comfort for each of them that their mother was a loyal and loving friend, a fierce and genuine public servant, a force to be reckoned with, a champion for so many vital causes; and may her very fiery spirit live on with all of us. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, there you have it, just a few of the colleagues of Louise Slaughter who shared their sentiments. You can tell that she had this lasting touch upon each and every one of us. We are made better because we crossed paths in life, we travelled journeys together, and she will leave a forever quality in our hearts and our souls. And to our champion, our trailblazer, the true voice for the weak voice or underheard in government, the pioneer expression, the drum major for women, it goes on and on—she earned so many labels—to our friend, Louise Slaughter, our colleague, our mentor, rest in peace, beloved friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise to remember my colleague from New York, the former dean of our delegation and the first woman to chair the House Rules Committee, Louise McIntosh Slaughter. Louise was a wonderful soul whose love of public service, the institution of Congress, and her home of western New York each and every day. Louise grew up in a coal mining community in Kentucky as one of 5 children. Inspired by the loss of her sister to pneumonia as a child, Louise chose to study microbiology and pursue a master’s degree in public health. Her passion for health care inspired her work throughout her career as she championed numerous bills and efforts to help the American people gain real access to care. After obtaining her degrees, Louise met her husband, Robert, and the couple moved to New York. While living near Rochester, Louise became involved in local community groups and eventually sought to get involved in electoral politics. Her long career in public service took Louise from the county legislature to Gov. Mario Cuomo’s staff, the New York State Assembly, and eventually the Congress. I had the honor of serving alongside Louise in the Assembly before eventually joining her in Congress. She had a perfect blend of southern charm and New York hustle, and was a steadfast champion for the people of western New York and Americans across the country. I will miss her relentless passion, her wit, and above all, her friendship. I know Monroe County and the city of Rochester will miss their longtime champion. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, Louise Slaughter was a scientist, and she approached her work in this House with scientific precision. She found that special formula for success: mix an extraordinary work ethic with a deep intellect and love of her community, and the result was thirtyone years of excellence serving New Yorkers in Congress. I was deeply saddened to learn of her passing last month, and I will look back fondly on the three decades we served together in this House. As the daughter of a coal mine blacksmith, Louise grew up around hardship and challenge. Later, as a microbiologist and an elected official, she made public health and economic opportunity her focus. In Congress, she fought for funding for women’s health, to keep our troops safer in combat, and to crack down on domestic violence. As Chairwoman of the Rules Committee, she played a key role in advancing to the Floor major legislation, including the Recovery Act, Affordable Care Act, DoddFrank Wall Street reform, and the Don’t Ask Don’t Tell Repeal Act. None of us who served with her ever doubted her tenacity or resolve. Louise never forgot her roots or the constituents who sent her back to Congress year after year. Her loss is a great loss for this House, for the people of upstate New York, and for our country. I join in offering my condolences to her daughters Megan, Amy, and Emily and their families. 
WHAT IS HAPPENING IN OUR NATION’S DEBT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, as I get myself organized here, this evening I am going to actually try to do something that is probably a little dangerous and a little tricky. I am going to try to do some math from behind the microphone. You know, we have a running joke in our office that being a Member of Congress means you often work in a math free zone but the math always wins. And, you know, to our friends over here, I guess I should—I don’t mean to jump onto this, but we just heard some of the discussion about Ms. Slaughter. I am, obviously, from a different part of the country, a different party, different philosophy, and she was always incredibly kind to me and funny. Most people, I don’t know, completely understood. She had a brutal wit, and so a couple of times, when I would go in front of the Rules Committee, sometimes the banter back and forth, you sat there and go: Is she just playing with me? So just for my friends that are just leaving from that. All right. So I am going to try to do a couple of things here, Mr. Speaker. I am going to actually sort of walk through what was in the most recent CBO report, but also a couple of the previous CBO reports and what is happening in our Nation’s debt. At the same time, I am also going to talk about some of the positive things that are happening, and some of it because of the tax reform, some of the things that are happening in our unemployment and opportunity out there. So, first off, let’s walk through a couple of baseline numbers, and then I am going to grind through these so it tells a story of where we are going and where we are at as a country. When we get behind these microphones and say, ‘‘We have an entitlement crisis coming that we have to deal with,’’ they have been saying it behind these microphones for 30 years. Well, it is here. The peak of the baby boom, I think, today, is about 62 years old. There are 74 million of us who are baby boomers, who will be moving into our benefits, and we don’t have the resources to cover our promises, the way things are structured today. Yet if you look at the Pew poll from a couple of years ago, only 15 percent of Republicans believe there is an entitlement crisis coming, but only 5 percent of Democrats believe it. So this is one of the great difficulties in this body where you often hear us saying: Speak truth to power. Well, how about math to power? Well, what about our own constituents when they don’t believe us because maybe there has been crying wolf or because it has been easier to say things like: Well, the problem is waste and fraud. There are problems with waste and fraud, but the numbers are tiny compared to what is about to happen. So, some baseline math. When I was born, 1962, there were five workers for every one retiree. Today—and let’s actually do 12 years from now, because that is when it gets dramatic. Twelve years from now, there will only be two. You and your spouse will be covering one retiree. So, in just my lifetime, we have gone from five workers for one retiree to two. The math is brutal. So think about this. Over the last decade—so from 2008 to 2018—if you actually look at the growth in the size of spending in the government, 72 percent of it was just Social Security and Medicare. So if you actually look at the growth of the Federal spending, do understand, over the last 10 years, 72 percent of that growth were just those two programs: Social Security and Medicare. Over the next 10 years, just the growth will be about $1.3 trillion. That is, functionally, just the growth in Social Security and Medicare will be two full Defense Departments. It is important to get our head around telling the truth, because if we are going to save these earned entitlements, we need to have that moment of reflection that comes off of a calculator instead of what happens so often behind these microphones where we try to make public policy by feelings. So, first board I have up here, this is from the latest CBO report, which I actually have in here, which I am trying to keep from falling off the podium here, and there is actually some good news here. And, that is, because of what is going on the last couple of quarters, this last year, substantially, I believe, because of what is happening through growthoriented policies, whether it be the tax reform, whether it be what is happening in the regulatory environment, you are actually seeing revenue into the trust funds go up a bit. It is still a crisis, but if you actually look at SSDI, which is Social Security Disability Insurance, I think it was maybe 1
1⁄2, 2 years ago I got behind this microphone, and there were only like 4 years left in the trust fund, and it went to zero. Well, we gained almost 3 additional years. Now, some of that is because of policy, some of it is because of revenues because we have so many more people working right now. If you actually also take a look at some of the money going into Social Security, some of the money going into Medicare part A, that is the trust fund portion, we are actually picking up a couple of years—1 year here, 2 years there—in additional actuarial soundness of the trust funds. Think of this as an opportunity. If we are going to have to make policy—and as I stand behind this microphone, I am looking for a unified theory. It is not just entitlement reform because, let’s face it, that is the third rail. People go nuts. They run attack ads on you. It is more complicated. We need to do those things in our society that help people be employed, do tax regulatory policies, training policies, opportunity policies, because the more of our brothers and sisters who are working—how do we go from 63 percent labor force participation, which is a wonderful number from where we thought we would be 10 years ago till now, how do we get it to go further? How do we get more of our brothers and sisters to move from being the longterm unemployed, the discouraged workers, and get them to move into the opportunities that are out there right now because we have, apparently, millions of jobs that are looking for workers, but it also does powerful things to these numbers? We are also going to have to be honest about mechanisms within immigration. We have a birthrate crisis in this country. The last few years, if you actually look at the number of babies we are having, our numbers have substantially collapsed. Well, remember, today’s child is tomorrow’s worker; and if in today’s world, when you turn 65 and begin some of your benefits, the math is, you will spend about onethird of your adult life in retirement, but we don’t have enough young people because these programs are payasyougo programs. That is really important as we sort of walk through the math. So if you are looking for that unified theory, it even adds in things like trade. If we are going to be a country that is very slow on our birthrate and immigration, we have designed a talentbased immigration system that also does some rewards for younger demographics, but we are also going to have to have trade with countries that also have positive demographics so we actually have customers. There are lots of these things that all have to be thought of together. And something I am not going to do tonight, but I have done other evenings and we will do in a month or so, is a fixation on technology and how technology also can provide amazing opportunity in everything from changing the healthcare curve to actually allowing more of our brothers and sisters to participate in the workforce, even those with certain difficulties in life or even those who may be older but choose to work. Instead of being scared of technology, I think it may be our solution, depending on some of these cost curves. So what is important here is, as you look at this chart, just take a look at this first number here. That is the Social Security trust fund. Now, as you know, our general fund has taken that money and borrowed it, and then we replace it with sort of special Social Security IOUs. Now, if I remember correctly, last year we were paying the Social Security trust fund like 3.1 percent interest 
for those borrowed moneys. So when you see some of the future slides here, or boards, you will actually see, here is the trust fund balance; but, also, here it is with some of the interest revenue that we also pay ourselves back. So think of this craziness. Functionally, as a society, we borrow money to pay back the borrowed money because that cash that we took out of those trust funds has long since been spent. But on this board, in 10 years, the Social Security trust fund is cut in half. In just a few years, the Disability Insurance Trust Fund is empty, and if you actually can see it, the hospital, the Medicare part A, which is the only part really with the trust fund, in a few years, it is also down to zero. So just getting our heads around, this is reality, this is math, but it is better than it was a year or so ago, but it is still a crisis. And these, I am going to put up two of these boards that is just going to show—do you see this sort of flat inflection here? That is actually part of the good news because where you see—last year, it would have been a constant curve downward that we were depleting the funds. As you know, they have gone negative this year, meaning that the revenues coming out of Social Security is actually greater than the revenues coming in, except for, since the tax reform and some of the economic expansion, all of a sudden we have hit a bit of a plateau. CBO actually had it looking like it was going to last for a couple of years. I am actually much more optimistic than some of their baseline numbers, but that is that actual mathematical reprieve. You also see the two lines there. The variance in those is what we are also paying ourselves back as a spiff in interest. So this one is Social Security, Old Age Survivors Insurance Trust Fund. But then when we actually move over to the hospital fund—and important, you will see this in future slides. Social Security, in many ways, isn’t my crisis—isn’t our crisis, because it is a defined benefit. Fixing it, the math is actually fairly easy. b1900 It is Medicare that becomes so incredibly difficult. And Medicare, as you are going to see in a couple of future slides, is a much larger financial issue in our near future. So you actually just see sort of the same thing in that even the hospital trust fund now is moving negative, meaning we are taking more money out of it than is going in. Yet, you do see the little bit of the plateau we are getting because of the current payroll tax. Just a point of reference on that. If you actually looked at the Tax Foundation’s numbers when the tax reform was coming out, they actually had, I think it was, just shy of $300 billion over the next 10 years in new payroll tax, FICA revenues, and that actually reaches into this area. This is a chart that I have never seen on the floor before, but is a really interesting one, because I think a lot of us don’t really have our head around where does the money in Medicare come from? And, I am sorry, I know this is a little hard to see, but if you see this, this is the entire Medicare. This 45 percent up here, that is actually general revenue. We are reaching into the General Fund and paying it out to hospitals and doctors and durable medical equipment. The 36 percent there, that is actually the tax revenue. That is the payroll tax. That is within our FICA. Then we also have some taxes on higher income earners and Social Security benefits, and it comes into here. And then you see this 3 percent down there. That is actually revenue that we pay ourselves. So we borrowed the money, gave it to the General Fund, spent it, but we paid ourselves last year what was the 3.1 percent interest. Well, that is what that 3 percent is down there. So if you actually add it up, about half of this, half of what we spend in Medicare is General Fund, half is coming in through the payroll tax. So if you look at part A, the hospital trust fund, okay, that is almost all payroll taxes. But if you start looking at part B and part D, you see the orange there, 75 and 78 percent respectively, that is all coming out of the General Fund. On occasion, when I have actually done some of these presentations at home, you will get the hand that goes up and people think that it is all paid for by the payroll taxes. That actually creates sort of this weird misunderstanding of it is not all within the trust fund. Almost half of what we spend in Medicare actually is coming out of the General Fund. And there is actually where, as we see the substantial growth, you see General Fund spending growing, and why a substantial portion of that General Fund growing is actually part of this. A couple of the other slides, just to understand, as we have 74 million of our brothers and sisters who are baby boomers moving into retirement right now—what is it, about 10,000, 10,300 every single day—it actually has a little bit of a steepening curve over the next 3 or 4 years. Now, the headline on this is really important: Social Security, Health Entitlements, and Interest Costs. So you have to put in the paying interest on all of the money we have borrowed as a society. Driving 91 percent of the 2008 to 2028 spending hikes. Remember my number before, that if we just do Social Security and Medicare over the last 10 years, 72 percent of the increased spending we had as a government, in the Federal Government, was just the growth in Social Security and Medicare. Okay. But if you add in also interest on top of it, it goes from 72 now to 91 percent. So understand, those are the levers that are going to squeeze out so many of the other things that are happening, but also the greatest fragility to being safe here. Let’s actually go onto the next board because I think it helps actually sort of show where we are going. But what is also important here is, as you look at these, those on the bottom, you will actually see things like defense and discretionary spending all being fairly flatlined, even with the most recent budget appropriations bill. If you actually look at it over the next decade or over the next three decades, almost all of the growth in spending comes from the two programs and covering interest costs. This one is really noisy, and we will put these up, or put them out. Over the next 30 years—this one actually goes from 1960, but when you get here, look at the growth. You are heading towards a time, 2047. It seems like a lifetime from now, but you are in 2018 right now. So reach out 20 years from now, reach out 30 years from now. Defense is 2.7 percent of spending equal to the size of the economy, so this is a per GDP slide. But the explosion, you see that red area, in that time when I am hopefully well into my retirement, 15.6 percent of the entire size of the economy. So we are going to reach in and take—say the economy is this big—we are going to take 15.6 percent of that, and that is just going to be Social Security and Medicare. And another 6.2 percent will be covering the interest costs. It is unsustainable, when you start to realize you will be approaching 30 percent of the entire gross domestic product of this country in Federal spending. It is not defense, it is not nondefense discretionary, it is actually not even some of the other entitlements, even though sometimes that is easier to talk about behind these microphones. It really is where we are demographically as a society. And look, demographics is our destiny. We can’t pretend it is not happening. We are all getting older. It is the nature of life. And understand also, these numbers are assuming no wars, no recessions, no disasters. These are just baseline numbers, and that should make this really, really scary. So how do I convince our voters and my fellow Members that we have a little bit of reprieve right now because we are in a time of terrific economic expansion, terrific employment, and good numbers coming in on the FICA tax? How do we use this as a moment to actually say, let’s be adults, let’s come up with something much more elegant than just entitlement reform? But there is actually ways where we can keep our promises to our seniors, keep our promises to those who are heading into their retirement, but also have it so we are not all here 15 years from now saying we have hit a deficit crisis: we can’t sell our bonds, our interest rates are exploding, everyone is going to be taking huge cuts. Let’s attack it today. 
Because I believe if we do things that maximize economic growth, things that actually help our Nation’s demographics, if we adopt a very aggressive adoption of technology, particularly in the healthcare space, and also provide some options within the entitlements, it is all stuff we should have done 10 years ago, but we have been given a little bit of reprieve right now because of what is happening in the economic growth. So here is something to get our heads around. If you actually look at the numbers, you see the first two bar charts, that is Social Security. It turns out the average American will put in about $543,000 over their working life. And this is someone who would be retiring right now. And they are going to get out $616,000. So, okay, a little variance. Now, the problem is we have obviously already spent all of that money that was in the trust fund and we put IOUs in it, but still, it is a fair deal. Medicare is our crisis. Apparently, someone who is retiring today will have put in about $140,000 in Medicare taxes. But the person who retires today is taking out about $422,000. So $140,000 in, $422,000 out. Now multiply that by just 74 million of us who are baby boomers and you start to understand the size and the scale of where the gap is coming from. It is math. I desperately wish there was a way to blind the political rage and just say, it is math, and the math will always win. And if we would step up and be less political and more like accountants for a moment—and I am sorry, I know as Republicans that is often our problem, is we sound more like accountants—but the violence, the cruelty we are going to do to our society if we continue to avoid the reality of the math, in a decade or decade and a half from now when the crisis is upon us, our ability to fix it will be very, very difficult. It is going to be difficult right now, but it is doable. There are approaches to make these numbers work. This is also, for those folks who are now deficit hawks or newfound deficit hawks, a time for a moment of honesty and reality. Over the next 30 years— and this is not inflation adjusted, so for those of you who like to do constant dollars, you would probably reduce the number by about a third—but this is over the next 30 years. So if you plan to be alive for the next 30 years, this is what you are facing today: $82 trillion in cash shortfall; $78 trillion of that is just Social Security, Medicare, and the interest on that shortfall. So all of the other things that we talk about: Oh, it is defense spending. No, it is not. Oh, it is other nondefense discretionary. No, it is not. It is other entitlement programs. A little bit, but not really. It is the two programs that are earned entitlements that we, as Congress, in its wisdom over the last few decades, didn’t make the math actuarially sound. And just pretending it is not there doesn’t fix it. So one more time, think about this. Over the next 30 years, the Social Security deficit, $18.9 trillion; the Medicare deficit, $39.7 trillion; and then the interest we are going to spend on those shortfalls is another $23.4 trillion. That is $78 trillion. Now, if you want to use inflation adjusted, just reduce it by a third. This is the greatest threat to our society. Because do you see at the very end, do you see the little blue, the rest of the budget actually is in balance over the next 30 years. And that is actually using the CBO scores, which I think sort of underestimate current growth. But that is just the math. This isn’t Republican or Democrat; it is math. Yet, it is the greatest threat to our society. And yet, when I stand in front of my constituents and we will have a meeting and we will discuss what is the greatest threat to society, the hands go up and it becomes all sorts of things, because this is really hard, it is really big, it is really difficult, and it is really, really, really important. So as we walk through these, I need to do—and forgive my stacks of paper, but sometimes when you are trying to do the math, this is one of those where you lay out the Excel spreadsheet and it goes on and on and on and on. Think of this. In 9 years, Social Security and Medicare, without the interest, will be 10.3 percent of the entire economy. So the United States Government will say: Hey, the economy is today what the GDP is, $21 trillion, $22 trillion, $23 trillion. Hopefully, 10 years from now, it is substantially larger. But 10 years from now, it is going to be over 10 percent is just being reached in and spent on Medicare and Social Security. It is the math. But actually, over the next decade, it gets up into the 12s, and then a little while after that it goes up further. But that is of spending equal to the entire size of the economy. That is why it becomes so incredibly important that part of that holistic solution of how we save these programs is also that we maximize economic expansion. So when we get into the discussion that has happened around here a lot lately, where we talk about the tax reform and the jobs and opportunity it is creating, I have had this running conversation, and I saw it on the floor here I think yesterday, where someone is pounding: Well, tax reform is not paying for itself, tax cuts never pay for themselves. That is partially true. Certain parts don’t. b1915 Certain parts are politicalsocietal decisions to allow families to keep more, but there was an interesting little set of numbers. This often happens when you have your spreadsheets and everything laying out in front of you and you are going over them. So in December, the Joint Committee on Taxation, which, as you know, was our scorekeeper when we did tax reform, actually said: Hey, here is what we think the tax reform costs in the static; here is what we think some of the dynamic growth is going to be. But they were in two different reports. I took the business numbers, just the business portion, to see what it was doing growthwise. I thought you would all find this interesting, or maybe I am the only one. So it turns out that the business tax reform, I think the title II portion of our reform bill from December, said, hey, businesses, $653 billion in less taxes, revenues to us as a government over the next 10 years, but the international business portion of the book, we are actually going to take in another $324 billion. So $653 billion, if you are here, but because we are bringing those moneys, the repatriation of those moneys back in and actually encouraging companies to actually come back to the United States and work here, we actually gain $324 billion. All right. So I am still negative $329 billion over the 10 years on those C corps, the big corporations, but then on the next Joint Tax report, they talked about the dynamic scoring, what they saw as the growth estimates. Not to bore everyone with it, but we have already seen the CBO has actually lifted up the growth estimates from even December, so there are good things happening there. So, hopefully, these numbers would actually expand from that. But if you actually put the growth back in, they were estimating $384 billion of growth in new revenues because of the bigger economy, more business spending, more jobs, more opportunity. Now, most of that is from what was happening in those corporations. So it turns out the business portion on the tax reform bill, in the Joint Tax’s own numbers, actually is about $55 billion to the upside in their own modeling over the 10 years. I partially put this up because I was embarrassed I didn’t see it in their math sooner, but that is what it is. So I guess, ultimately, Mr. Speaker, I have a couple messages here. I understand we are sort of in a time of very difficult politics, but we need to sort of grow up and deal with the reality. We are getting older as a society. We have made lots and lots of promises. We need to keep those promises. There are ways to do it, but every single day we don’t step up and deal with the reality of math, we make it that much more difficult for all of us. I am 56 years old. My wife, I probably shouldn’t say this, but she is exactly my age. We are incredibly blessed. We have a 2
1⁄2yearold that is the best little girl ever. I have a mug that says so. She actually was with us here on the floor of the House last week. Maybe it is partially because of my little girl that I am going to double down on my efforts here. How do I get our friends on the left and our friends in the majority and say 
maybe it is time we do the most difficult thing any of us would ever do in our elected career, and that is actually take on the biggest issue of our times, and that is the unfunded liabilities and the promises we have made? Do we do a BRAC commission, not to close things, but to actually look at everything because is a little bit of the solution reforming how we deliver healthcare and Medicare? Is a little bit of the solution a different type of immigration system that maximizes economic expansion and benefits and demographics? Is it everything all together? Is it maximizing economic expansion so payroll taxes become much more robust? Is it actually creating a path for those who have been disaffected or are on certain types of incomebased social entitlement programs that move them back into our workforce because there is opportunity? The answer is we need to do it all at the same time. But how do you get this body, with all the noise that is around us constantly, all the people banging on us constantly, the chaos that is today’s media, which is an entertainment medium, get a number of people to pull out a calculator, pull out some great econometrics, understand the demographics, and do what is necessary to deal with the greatest threat to this country? And that greatest threat is not military. It is actually debt and promises we have made. As you have already seen on the slides, everything else is pretty much in balance over the next 30 years. What blows us up is the promises we have made in Social Security and Medicare. It is fixable, but we cannot continue to wait. The last thing I want to share, and I know I am backtracking a bit, there continues to be more good news that comes in from the tax reform and the positive things that are happening within the economy; but there was a great article today about what is also happening at our State and local levels, and this sort of fits into that unified theory of, if you are going to start to step up and do what is difficult, do it in a time when you have economic expansion. It turns out revenues to our States look like they are taking quite a pop upward. Also, another article, it turns out that the International Monetary Fund did a calculation and fairly stepped up world growth for the next couple years and actually gave half the credit for that growth to the U.S. tax reform, meaning what we did here in the United States actually made a poor family on the other side of the world’s opportunities better. If you actually start to look at all the things that are going on around us, even in a time of turbulent politics, we have some good things happening. Now let’s step up and do the really hard things, because the hard things are how we are going to be judged in our future when all of us as elected Members leave here. Will we have saved the country from its greatest threat, which is the debt that is going to come crashing down on us very, very soon? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, April 18, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. KING of Iowa, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. BIGGS, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. D UNN, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. ROKITA ): H.R. 5526. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for certain sentencing enhancements relating to illegal reentry offenses, and to clarify the manner in which sentences for such offenses are to be served, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Ms. LOFGREN ): H.R. 5527. A bill to establish the Daniel Webster Congressional Clerkship Program; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. KELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. SHEAPORTER , and Ms. ROSEN ): H.R. 5528. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a plan for improvements to traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress research; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5529. A bill to provide for the transfer of certain Federal land in the State of Minnesota for the benefit of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5530. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to repeal desert terminal lakes assistance; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida): H.R. 5531. A bill to provide for a comprehensive, multifaceted approach to preventing and treating opioid addiction; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Budget, Veterans’ Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself and Mr. SANFORD ): H.R. 5532. A bill to redesignate the Reconstruction Era National Monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DOGGETT (for himself, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 5533. A bill to require a report of any Special Counsel who is removed from office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. PERLMUTTER ): H.R. 5534. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to provide procedures for guidance issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself and Mr. ENGEL ): 
H.R. 5535. A bill to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 regarding energy diplomacy and security within the Department of State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MCEACHIN (for himself, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. FOSTER , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. KEATING , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. POCAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. CUELLAR , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. SINEMA ): H.R. 5536. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the credit for expenditures to provide access to disabled individuals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5537. A bill to authorize grantees of Department of Justice grants to set up task forces on policing in local communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. BERGMAN , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. POLIQUIN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. PALAZZO ): H.R. 5538. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the inclusion of certain additional periods of active duty service for purposes of suspending charges to veterans’ entitlement to educational assistance under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs during periods of suspended participation in vocational rehabilitation programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself, Ms. TENNEY , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. GALLAGHER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. BLUM, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. N ORMAN ): H.R. 5539. A bill to set the annual rate of compensation for a Member of Congress who has served six consecutive terms as a Member of the House of Representatives or two consecutive terms as a Senator at $1, to amend title 5, United States Code, to exclude any service of a Member of Congress occurring during any pay period for which the Member’s annual rate of compensation is $1 as creditable service for purposes of an annuity under that title, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SUOZZI (for himself and Mr. KINZINGER ): H.R. 5540. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to prepare a National Intelligence Estimate on Hizballah, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Ms. CLARKE of New York): H.R. 5541. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to provide equal coverage of in vitro specific IgE tests and percutaneous tests for allergies under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. ENGEL ): H.R. 5542. A bill to establish a grant program under which the Secretary of Transportation will reimburse public transportation agencies that offer free unlimited transportation passes to eligible individuals; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5543. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow for a credit against tax for certain flood insurance expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 5544. A bill to amend chapter 31 of title 44, United States Code, to require the maintenance of certain records for 3 years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. COLE, and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.J. Res. 133. A joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Barbara M. Barrett as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 833. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5526. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article I—The Congress shall have the Power to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 5527. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. BACON: H.R. 5528. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5529. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other property belonging to the United States. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5530. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 5531. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress’s specified powers are primarily, but not exclusively, found in Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. This section contains 18 clauses, 17 of which enumerate relatively specific powers granted to the Congress. Among the powers enumerated are Congress’s powers to regulate commerce. By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 5532. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. DOGGETT: H.R. 5533. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5534. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 5535. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 5536. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5537. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5538. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 5539. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 5540. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 5541. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. The Congress shall have the Power to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5542. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5543. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 5544. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.J. Res. 133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17, giving Congress exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. That clause was cited as the authority for the government’s ability to accept the original Smithson donation and the creation of the Smithsonian Institution via the Act of August 10, 1846. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper clause, which provides the power to enact legislation necessary to effectuate one of the earlier enumerated powers, such as the authority granted in Clause 17 above. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 103: Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 299: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 389: Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 394: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 502: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 644: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 771: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 788: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 909: Mr. KNIGHT . H.R. 911: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 941: Mr. GALLAGHER and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 959: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 1150: Mr. FASOand Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 1206: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 1276: Ms. BARRAGA ´Nand Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1291: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 1300: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 1316: Mrs. ROBY and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 1318: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 1358: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1445: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 1511: Ms. MOORE and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1542: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 1596: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 1603: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 1697: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 1762: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 1817: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 1825: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 1861: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1870: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1876: Mr. FASO, Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 1928: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1957: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 2043: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2069: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2077: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2095: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 2212: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 2242: Mr. GOMEZ and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 2270: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2293: Mr. ROSSand Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2317: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 2327: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2358: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 2418: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 2553: Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. B ANKS  of Indiana, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. GIBBS, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 2584: Mr. WITTMAN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 2599: Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2747: Mr. KIND. H.R. 2953: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 2976: Mr. DENHAM , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 3174: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3192: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3356: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3378: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 3400: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3528: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3545: Mr. DUNN, Mr. F LORES , and Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3591: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3605: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 3681: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 3692: Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 3751: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3767: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 3798: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 3842: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 3871: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 3938: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 3956: Mr. GIBBS, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 3994: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 4001: Mr. COHEN , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4023: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 4099: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. FLEISCHMANN , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 4106: Mr. TAKANO and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 4122: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4143: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 4177: Mr. SANFORD . H.R. 4215: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 4260: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4268: Ms. BASSand Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4306: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 4635: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 4638: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4691: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4693: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4733: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 4805: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4815: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4821: Mr. NUNES . H.R. 4841: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 4843: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4966: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 4983: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 5001: Mrs. DAVIS of California. H.R. 5012: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5040: Mr. CHABOT . H.R. 5041: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 5096: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5121: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa and Mr. T IPTON. H.R. 5129: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5132: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. O LSON , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. R OSS, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5136: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5146: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5147: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 5153: Mr. HUNTER and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 5180: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 5191: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5198: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 5220: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 5259: Mr. PETERSON and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 5271: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5322: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 5324: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 5339: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5343: Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. JONES , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 5358: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 5365: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 5369: Mr. JORDAN . H.R. 5383: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 5387: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5395: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 5406: Mr. MASSIE . H.R. 5422: Mr. BISHOP of Utah. H.R. 5442: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 5468: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5476: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl vania, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. WELCH , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5483: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 5499: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 5503: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 5509: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. MARSHALL , and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 5517: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 5520: Mr. TAKANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. COFFMAN , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. PETERS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Miss RICEof New York, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. C LAY, Mr. JONES , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. RASKIN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. KIHUEN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S MITH of Wash ington, Ms. ROSEN , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. VARGAS , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. CRIST, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Ms. L EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. H ECK. H.J. Res. 100: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. RUSH. H. Res. 763: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. PAYNE , and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 774: Mr. LONGand Mr. R EICHERT . H. Res. 781: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. MOORE , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H. Res. 813: Mr. BACON . H. Res. 823: Ms. TITUS. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 4 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2191 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, APRIL 17, 2018 No. 62 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 