Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of the hardest working men on Capitol Hill, Joe Quattrone. Joe’s 84th birthday was Saturday, February 10. He has been cutting hair in the House for 47 years. Joe embodies the principles of hard work, dedication, and humility. He has cut the hair of the most powerful people in Washington, including: President Gerald Ford; President George Bush, Sr.; Vice President Al Gore; and almost every single Speaker of the House. He has cut hair in hospital rooms, before inaugurations, and even for foreign Presidents and ambassadors. Joe grew up in Reggio Calabria, Italy, and came to the United States in 1952. He served as an Italian translator with the American Air Force during the Korean war. Along with an honorable discharge, Joe received his American citizenship upon leaving the Army. In 1960, Joe came to D.C. and held a number of jobs before cutting hair in the House. He even worked construction on the Rayburn House Office Building. Emigrating from Italy, Joe is so proud of his American citizenship. Growing up in Italy, Joe was first introduced to America when American troops flew over his town during World War II. He said they would get so close to the town that he even made eye contact with the pilots flying those planes. When American troops came through his city, Joe remembers waving a small American flag, along with his family, welcoming them to his hometown. After serving with the Air Force, in 1955 he joined the Metropolitan D.C. Police Force, where he was active for 25 years. When you speak to Joe, you see the pride and joy he takes in his job and his country reflected in his attitude. It is because of Joe and the hardworking staff in the Capitol buildings of the Congress that Congress is able to perform its duties every day. Today I honor Joe and the lifetime of service he has given to the Capitol and to the United States of America. 
VOCA FUNDING—LOCK THE BOX The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the early days of 1984, Congress came up with a unique idea: with Congress’ support, President Ronald Reagan signed into law the Victims of Crime Act, otherwise known as VOCA. This law established the Crime Victims Fund, with the sole purpose of supporting crime victims throughout the United States. But instead of using taxpayer money for the fund, Congress came up with a novel idea: Why not force the criminals, the traffickers, the abusers, the scourges on society, to pay for the restitution to their victims? They inflicted pain and suffering on innocent people, so they should be the ones, literally, to pay for their crimes. Because of the new law, convicted felons in Federal court who are assessed fines and fees pay into the Crime Victims Fund. The money in the fund is used for a wide range of victims’ services: It pays for domestic violence shelters where spouses can recover from their abusers; It funds rape crisis coalition centers; It funds children’s assessment centers like the one in my hometown of Houston; It sends money to victim advocates throughout the United States who go to court with victims of crime; It gives victims restitution and pays for critical medical and mental health programs. It is a really good idea, Mr. Speaker. Over the years, because our Federal judges have continued to fine and assess greater and greater penalties to the criminals, the VOCA fund currently holds—get this, Mr. Speaker— $12 billion. And let me make it clear: This is not taxpayer money; it is money that criminals have paid into the system. Criminals are paying the rent on the courthouse, paying for the system that they have created. So what is the problem? Here is the problem, Mr. Speaker: The fund, every year, is robbed by the bureaucrats to offset other Federal projects that are 
completely unrelated to crime victims. For example, about $800,000 is spent out of the fund, which has $12 billion in money, and over the years, it continues to have more and more money because less of it is being spent. In my opinion, these bureaucrats are literally stealing money from the Victims Fund and throwing it into the abyss of the Federal Treasury. That money does not belong to the Federal Government; it belongs to crime victims. Victims do not have, Mr. Speaker, highdollar lobbyists up here in Washington, D.C., advocating on their behalf. They expect us, Members of Congress, to be their lobbyists, to be their voice. As a former prosecutor and a former judge in Texas, I take that duty very seriously. It is the first responsibility of government to actually protect the people. We must stop the robber bureaucrats from stealing money out of the Crime Victims Fund and make sure that victims have access to the resources they need to become survivors. To achieve this goal, my friend, Representative JIMCOSTA from California, my cochair in the Victims’ Rights Caucus, and I have introduced the Crime Victims Fund Preservation Act. The bill is very simple. It creates a lockbox to make sure that the money in the fund cannot be used for anything other than victims’ programs under the Victims of Crime Act. The Crime Victims Fund becomes an especially attractive target for offsets at this time when our government faces any sort of a deficit. That is why Congress must safeguard the fund to make sure the money is protected. The bill uses the money paid by criminals to help rescue and restore victims and ensure that it is safe from the sticky, pilfering hands of bureaucrats—and does so forever. So let the victims of crime keep the money and not send it to other programs in the Federal departments throughout the Nation. And that is just the way it is. 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF NBA ALLSTAR JOE JOHNSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud the work of NBA allstar and Arkansas native Joe Johnson of the Sacramento Kings with a local youth basketball program, the Arkansas H.A.W.K.S. The Arkansas H.A.W.K.S, an acronym meaning Hard At Work Kids, is a member of the Amateur Athletic Union organization dedicated to the development of athletic ability in American youth. Under the leadership of Coach Bill Ingram, the team’s goal extends beyond the court and into the communities of central Arkansas, building a dynasty of basketball players who seek to make a lasting impact on their neighborhoods, city, State, and our country. Before he was a seventime NBA all star, Joe Johnson was a student at the historic Little Rock Central High School and a star player on the Arkansas H.A.W.K.S roster. In this partnership, the teams and players connected with the H.A.W.K.S will be given unique opportunities, including, mentorship, player development, and academic assistance. I would like to extend a hearty debt of gratitude and congratulations to Joe Johnson and the Arkansas H.A.W.K.S program for their selfless and worthwhile investment in central Arkansas youth. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ALBERT  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and the legacy of one of Arkansas’ great innovators and leaders, my friend Albert Yarnell of Searcy, Arkansas, who passed away earlier this year at the age of 94. Albert worked for over 75 years with his family to make Yarnell’s Ice Cream one of the most successful regional ice cream companies in the United States. Yarnell’s Ice Cream created many unique flavors, such as the Razorbacks’ ice cream, Woo Pig Chewy; and my personal favorite, peppermint. Yarnell was an icon of Arkansas business and anchor of the Searcy and White County business community for decades. He is a past president of the Searcy Chamber of Commerce and served as mayor of Searcy. He was inducted into the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame in 2007 and is a member of the Arkansas Dairy Products Hall of Fame. He was a role model and friend to many across our State. I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his many dear friends, family, and loved ones. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize North Little Rock Middle School teacher Dawn McLain. Dawn, a sixth grade science and math teacher, recently was named a 2017–2018 recipient of the national Milken Educator Award, one of only 44 across our country. This prestigious honor is given to teachers with exceptional educational talent who impact students both in and out of the classroom. Dawn has not only increased her students’ test scores, but she has engaged her students through robotics, design modeling, and rocketry. She is a strong proponent of projectbased learning, technology integration, and data deployment. Dawn is also focused on helping her students build life skills that will help them succeed into adulthood and works to build strong relationships with both parents and her students. Teachers like Dawn prove that education is one of the best investments America can make. I am proud to represent her and all the teachers of central Arkansas who are making a difference in the lives of our kids. RECOGNIZING CHIEF WARRANT OFFICER 2 JOHN  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize one of Arkansas’ finest, Chief Warrant Officer 2 John Heffernan, who passed away late last month at the age of 77. His leadership and dedication to our State and Nation as a soldier, a veteran, and a volunteer is an example to all Arkansans and all Americans. Heffernan enlisted in the Army in 1962, and after more than 27 years of military service, John retired from the Arkansas Army National Guard. For the next 23 years, John provided his services at Camp Robinson and the Little Rock Air Force Base. He was one of many of the strongest advocates in central Arkansas for all matters related to our military veterans and their families. For the better part of half a century, John was a selfless servant to others, giving more of himself than he had to give. He had a passion for volunteering, rivaled only by his passion of service to his country. I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his family and their loved ones. 
HONORING JROTC CADET PETER WANG The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, the shooting in Parkland, Florida, on 14 February represented a catastrophic failure of local authorities as well as the FBI. The students needed a hero that day, and while the sheriff’s department failed the students, I think it is important to recognize and commemorate the fact that a 15yearold JROTC cadet named Peter Wang answered the call. In the face of a deranged gunman descending on his school, Cadet Wang helped his fellow students flee to safety, exposing himself to fire in the process. He could have simply saved himself, but like a true hero, Peter Wang chose to protect the lives of others. Going above and beyond the call of duty, he sacrificed his life on that fateful day. Scripture teaches that there is no greater love than that a man should lay down his life for his friends, and his fellow students will be indebted to Peter Wang for his actions on that day. Now, Peter Wang had a desire to attend West Point, and his actions on 14 February more than lived up to the U.S. Military Academy’s motto of duty, honor, and country. His posthumous admittance to West Point represented a rare but welldeserved honor. In Peter Wang, the country lost someone who no doubt would have enriched the Army’s officer corps and provided honorable service in uniform. Yet it is also true that, with the lives he saved that day, he accomplished more on his final day on this Earth 
than most of us who serve in the military accomplish over the course of an entire career. b1215 You can train for moments like those faced by Peter Wang, but you don’t know if you can pass the test until you are actually put to the test. Peter Wang passed his test with flying colors. His steadfast devotion to duty reflected great credit upon himself and was in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Army. Rest in peace, soldier. Job well done. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF GRANT COUNTY FIRE DISTRICT BATTALION CHIEF DAN DISHON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Grant County Fire District Battalion Chief Dan Dishon from Moses Lake, Washington. Dan passed away on January 8, 2018. Dan was a husband, a father, a friend, and a highly respected fire servicemember. His love of firefighting and his dedication to his community were evident in his 15 years of volunteer service at both the Grant County Fire District 13 as well as District 5, where he eventually secured his dream job of shift captain. Local firefighters, members of his team, and the community will remember him for his leadership, humility, and commitment to keeping the citizens of Grant County safe. My prayers and sincere condolences go out to his family and his friends and all those affected by his passing during this difficult time. I urge all my colleagues to join me in thanking Dan Dishon for his inspirational life of service to Washington State in the Fourth District. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER Reverend Vincent DeRosa, St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: O God, who are the hope of sinners and the joy of the holy, grant this House a spirit of compunction for failures, perseverance for growth, and humility in success. For the good of our country, we ask You to enflame the Members of this Chamber with wisdom, hope, courage, and all the other virtues necessary to secure prosperity throughout our land and equal justice under the law. Above all, help us to be a people of loving encounter with each other and with our neighbors around the world, that establishing an ever more perfect society on Earth, we may one day know the joys of paradise with You. We ask this in Your most holy name. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. MCCOLLUM led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING WAKULLA COUNTY TEACHER KATRINA RODDENBERRY (Mr. DUNN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding teacher from Wakulla County, Florida’s Second Congressional District. 
Katrina Roddenberry, a science teacher at Wakulla Middle School, was selected by the Space Foundation as one of 31 educators worldwide who were honored for her work promoting science and space curricula at Wakulla Middle School. Along with this honor, Ms. Roddenberry and her colleague, Melissa Martin, were selected to work with NASA as part of their Microgravity University for Educators 2018 Challenge. This onceinalifetime opportunity will give these teachers and four of their students the chance to work directly with the experts at NASA. It is clear that they are inspiring a love of science and space in their students. These teachers are forming not just strong minds but also strong characters and big hearts in young men and women with a sense of community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Ms. Roddenberry and thanking her for instilling a love of science and space in our next generation. 
HIGHLIGHTING THE WORK OF THE CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA DIGITAL LEARNING FOUNDATION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this morning I was at the Central Pennsylvania Digital Learning Foundation in Duncansville to speak about my work on the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. The Central Pennsylvania Digital Learning Foundation Charter School offers a customizable cyber education for students throughout Pennsylvania. Its learning experience connects, engages, and empowers every student to be successful in reaching their academic and personal goals for today and tomorrow. This school was developed from the ground up by the area superintendents in collaboration with Intermediate Unit 8. The IU8 was created to furnish a broad range of educational services to the 35 public schools, 5 area vocationaltechnical schools, 2 charter schools, and approximately 81 non public schools in west central and southwestern Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, we must understand that there are numerous educational environments, and many students thrive in a cyber schoolstyle setup. The IU8 is doing tremendous work to ensure that students who choose a cyber school education are receiving the same quality education as their peers who attend brickandmortar schools. I am proud of the work they are doing. 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, our hearts are heavy grieving for the 17 innocents murdered in Parkland. We are praying for their families and friends. I cannot begin to fathom the sorrow of parents who must bury a child. From the time our children are born, we instinctively understand it is our responsibility to protect them; but, increasingly, as a nation, we are failing our children and allowing them to be gunned down in schools, at concerts, and in houses of worship. Still, in this darkest of time, I see reason to hope. I am inspired by the eloquence of the survivors and the young people across the country who are speaking out for positive action. We all know there are commonsense actions that would curb gun violence in our communities and save lives: universal background checks; banning militarystyle assault weapons, high capacity magazines, and bump stocks; and funding mental healthcare, to name but a few. These measures have the overwhelming support of the American people. All that is missing is the political will from Congress. Hopefully, this moment will be different. I urge my colleagues to listen to the voices of our young people. Let’s have the debate and vote on real actions to reduce gun violence in our schools, our neighborhoods, and our country. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary work of Sally Harrison. Sally is the president and CEO of the Mesa Chamber of Commerce. She has worked in this role since 2013. Mesa’s business environment is thriving with her at the helm. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, Sally led the meeting at Arizona State University Polytechnic campus with Congressman JIMBRIDENSTINE and the Mesa Industry and Defense Council. Under her leadership, this unique council continues to highlight the tremendous technological and manufacturing capabilities we have in my district. There have been positive reports of the discussion she facilitated, and I am confident that she will continue to create these opportunities for my constituents. These conversations between local officials, Federal office holders, and business leaders are paramount to ensuring that our constituents receive the best possible representation. Sally understands this and is working every day to facilitate enduring success in Mesa and our region. I thank her for her service to our great city. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, we have been out of session for a week, and much has happened in America. Of course, the most dreadful thing is Parkland, Florida, and the Douglas High School. I shed quite a few tears thinking about those students and looking at the teachers who lost their lives. The system failed. The FBI failed to follow up. Apparently, the sheriff’s department failed to follow up. Mr. Speaker, our President failed because he failed to see the problem that we have in this country is not giving teachers guns, but giving teachers more respect and giving them more counselors and giving them more aid to be able to teach. He failed to see that the problem is not just in schools, where it is so important and there have been shootings and killings, but there are killings in Texas churches and in Las Vegas concerts, and by people over 21 years of age. Banning bump stocks, which was the response to Las Vegas, is right and good and needs to be done by law to be done legally. Banning assault weapons being purchased by under 21yearolds is good, but we need to ban assault weapons for everybody, for the 58 victims in Las Vegas as well as the victims in that church in Texas—and highcapacity magazines. We need to let the CDC study. We need to act. God save America and the Chamber. 
b1647 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 4 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 772) to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 772 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ashlynne Mike AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 772, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be a sponsor of the AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act, in memory of the life of Ashlynne Mike. I want to thank the House leadership and Chairman GOODLATTE for bringing this bill before the House for consideration. Elevenyearold Ashlynne lived in the Navajo Nation, the largest Indian reservation in the United States, located in four States: Arizona, Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico. Her favorite color was yellow, and she enjoyed playing music for her friends and family. She was a kindhearted young girl who had enormous potential. After school on Monday, May 2, 2016, while Ashlynne and her 9yearold brother Ian waited and played near the local bus stop, a stranger approached and lured them into his vehicle by offering them a ride home. He abducted the children and took them to a remote part of the reservation, where he abused Ashlynne, slaughtered her, and left her brother to fend for himself in the desert. Ashlynne died alone. Ashlynne had been abducted around 4 p.m. Her father filed a missing person report at 6:53 p.m., within 3 hours. Unfortunately, authorities did not send an AMBER Alert until 2:30 a.m. on Tuesday, almost 10 hours after Ashlynne went missing. According to law enforcement records, Tom Begay, Jr., Ashlynne’s perpetrator, admitted that Ashlynne was alive when he left her stranded in the desert. Mr. Speaker, had Indian Country been included as partners in the AMBER Alert plans, law enforcement might have rescued Ashlynne in time. She might still be alive and with us today. When a child is abducted, action in those first hours is crucial to their safe return. The AMBER Alert program has proven effective at instantly providing information to the public to assist in the effort. According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, of the AMBER Alerts issued in 2016, 94 percent of the recovered children were found within the first 72 hours, including 47 percent who were found within the first 3 hours. Between 1997 and February 2017, the AMBER Alert program has been credited with the safe recovery of 868 children. AMBER Alerts save lives. Today, we have the opportunity to ensure all children may benefit from the AMBER Alert program if necessary, no matter where they reside. This bill will reauthorize the Department of Justice grant program that assists State and local governments in developing and implementing AMBER Alert communications plans. It will explicitly require the Department of Justice to perform a needs assessment of AMBER Alert capabilities on Indian reservations. It will also, for the first time, require funds be used to integrate Tribal AMBER Alert systems with those of neighboring jurisdictions to ensure that AMBER Alerts reach as many people as swiftly as possible. Mr. Speaker, I again thank House leadership and Chairman G OODLATTE  for bringing this bill forward and acknowledging the importance of filling a gap in our AMBER Alert system that might have prevented the death of Ashlynne. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. If enacted, this bill will help to build a truly national and cohesive network of AMBER Alert. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 772, the AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act. I strongly favor this important legislation because it will provide Indian Tribes with the ability to respond quickly to child abductions, thereby increasing the chances that we can avert catastrophe. Through the grant program reauthorized by S. 772, Tribal law enforcement agencies would develop the capacity to immediately initiate their own AMBER Alerts and allow Tribal alert systems to be integrated with the more advanced AMBER Alert communications plans of State and regional law enforcement. The AMBER Alert program is a powerful tool that engages geographically targeted networks of law enforcement, broadcast and transparency agencies, digital signage companies, internet service providers, and the wireless industry to issue urgent notifications in 
the most serious cases of child abduction. Such alerts can instantly galvanize an entire community in the search for an abducted and endangered child. From its inception through January of 2018, the AMBER Alert program has directly led to the rescue of more than 900 children. Presently, the AMBER Alert program is used in all 50 States, here in the District of Columbia, in Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. AMBER Alert systems have evolved to utilize all available technology in notifying the public of a child abduction. Native American Tribal communities, however, are unable to take full advantage of this lifesaving program. Currently, Tribal law enforcement must rely on State or regional law enforcement agencies offreservation to issue the complete AMBER Alert on their behalf. This is unfortunate, and indeed it is notable because the rate of child abduction is reportedly down across the country with the sole exception of Indian Country. As we all know, time is of the essence when a child is abducted or goes missing. AMBER Alert plans provide a comprehensive, rapidresponse system, which is critical to success in such cases. Statistics show that roughly 74 percent of abducted children who are murdered are killed within the first 3 hours of their abduction. The time spent to coordinate with State or regional law enforcement before issuing an AMBER Alert can be lengthy and can have a dire consequence. In 2003, the PROTECT Act established a grant program to be administered by the attorney general for the States, with the goals of strengthening AMBER Alert communications plans nationwide and developing a seamless network through the Nation, which dramatically increases the likelihood that abducted children will be recovered swiftly and safely. S. 772 would reauthorize $10 million for the program and would make Indian Tribal communities eligible to receive grant funds for the very first time. With this funding, Tribes will be able to develop and implement AMBER Alert communications plans of their own, and also integrate their AMBER Alert systems into and with State and regional communications plans. Awarded funds may also be used for education, training, and law enforcement tools and equipment related to the AMBER Alert plans. If enacted, this legislation will help build a truly national and cohesive network of AMBER Alert systems. Tribal law enforcement will have the ability to directly issue AMBER Alerts without having to rely on outside law enforcement, while outside agencies will be available to fill in any gaps when necessary through the improved coordination. Mr. Speaker, accordingly, I encourage my colleagues to join us in supporting this crucial piece of bipartisan legislation. S. 772 was introduced in response to a fatal abduction that occurred on the Navajo Nation in New Mexico. Eleven yearold Ashlynne Mike was kidnapped after school, along with her brother. Her brother escaped, and, alas, she did not. That case focused attention on gaps in communication and coordination between Tribal and offreservation law enforcement. In the past, the Navajo Tribe has relied on New Mexico, Arizona, and Utah to activate AMBER Alerts. Before an alert issued, Tribal officers have been required to meet a list of requirements to establish a case. If the criteria are met, the officers may only then begin the process of requesting States to issue the AMBER Alert. Based on several accounts of this case, the AMBER Alert was issued 10 or more hours after Ashlynne was abducted. Her abductor confessed to brutalizing her and leaving her alive to fend for herself in the desert. It was too late for Ashlynne when she was found dead a day later. Children are precious to us, and they deserve our protection wherever they may live, either on reservations or off reservations. Mr. Speaker, because we should do everything that we can to ensure that appropriate resources are allocated to efforts to recover missing or abducted children, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague from across the aisle. This bill is truly a bipartisan effort, worked on by Members of both parties. It is because of its importance. The particular case that both of us have cited today does focus the attention on the massive hole where there are more than 500 Indian Tribes that do not have access to the AMBER Alert system. It is the only part of this Nation and its territories that is not covered by the AMBER Alert system. This will solve that problem. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees and as founder and co chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus I rise in strong support of S. 772, ‘‘AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act of 2017.’’ This bill ensures that Native American tribes would be eligible for Justice Department grants to establish AMBER Alert systems, authorizing a $10 million grant program. The bill would allow grants to cover costs associated with integrating tribal AMBER Alert systems into state and regional plans to ensure broader distribution of alerts involving Indian children. This legislation provides crucial infrastructure to keep children and adults safe in all of America, whether they live on a reservation or not. The Justice Department will be able to waive their 50 percent funds matching cap if any Native American Tribe is not able to fully fund their nonfederal share of the project. Law enforcement agencies use the AMBER Alert system through radio, television, phones, email, and road alerts to alert the public of child abductions. This system is responsible for the successful return of over 800 missing children. The lack of coordination between tribal and state authorities, and the resulting delays in broadcasting an AMBER Alert, were blamed for the 2016 death of Ashlynne Mike, an 11 yearold Navajo girl. More than 7,500 Native American children are listed as missing in the United States. This legislation will reduce that number. This legislation facilitates coordination between tribal and state authorities, resulting in faster unification of families of abducted children. Mr. Speaker, this bill will make a difference and deserves the overwhelming support of this body. The sheer volume of abduction of love ones is enough to support this legislation. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in protecting our children and those suffering from abuse by supporting S. 772. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 772, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1700 STOP, OBSERVE, ASK, AND RESPOND TO HEALTH AND WELLNESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 767) to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 767 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2018’’. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 767, the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act of 2018, introduced by our colleague, Representative STEVE COHEN from Tennessee. This bill will help in the fight against human trafficking. Worldwide, nearly 21 million people are victims of human trafficking, forced labor, or exploitation. This bipartisan initiative expands and further codifies the Department of Health and Human Services’ Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond program, which enhances the healthcare system’s response to human trafficking by requiring the program to provide grants to healthcare sites, to work with stakeholders to develop flexible training modules, and to provide technical assistance to health education programs. This legislation will teach health professionals to identify and to respond to victims of human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 767, the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2018. This bill expands the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond—or SOAR— training program, which provides healthcare professionals with training on how to identify and appropriately treat victims of human trafficking. Nearly 21 million people worldwide are victims of human trafficking, forced labor, or sexual exploitation. At some point, many of these unidentified victims will come into contact with healthcare professionals during their captivity. A doctor’s visit or emergency department trip can offer a critical point of intervention for victims and a brief chance when a victim may be able to detach from traffickers. This bill will provide the necessary resources for the healthcare professionals to spot victims and provide traumainformed, culturally appropriate care once identified. Helping healthcare professionals better recognize the signs of trafficking and improve their ability to intervene can truly be the difference between life and death. I thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for sponsoring this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support of the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act, which is the acronym SOAR. In April of 2016, I worked with the Department of Homeland Security to host a Human Trafficking Awareness Training program in Memphis at the University of Tennessee. We gathered State and local law enforcement, first responders, healthcare workers, faith based groups, and educators to discuss the importance of and strategies to combat human trafficking. This event solidified my stance and activated me to go forward with the legislation to address the human trafficking that is occurring in the United States. Shortly after, I was proud to introduce this bipartisan bill along with my colleagues: Congressman KINZINGER  from Illinois, Congressman CA´RDENAS  from California, and Congresswoman WAGNER from Missouri in the House, as well as Senators HEITKAMP and S USAN  COLLINS in the Senate. Human trafficking is the second fastestgrowing crime in Tennessee, and it is amazing that every 2 minutes someone in the United States is entered into human trafficking. Every 2 minutes. In 2016, 8,042 cases were reported to the National Human Trafficking Hotline, 
with 110 of those occurring in Tennessee. Those are just the cases that were reported. Human trafficking remains a hidden crime, and victims rarely seek help because of cultural barriers or due to fear of their traffickers, law enforcement, or of being deported, because many are imported into our country to engage in sex crimes. In April 2016, I joined with the Department of Homeland Security in hosting our conference in Memphis, and from there came our legislation. The SOAR Act directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a program to provide training to healthcare providers at all levels on human trafficking. Trafficking victims often end up in healthcare settings, and because traffickers want to maximize profits, victims will not have health insurance and will not often follow up on treatment. And pimps and johns will beat up the women, and they will end up in a public healthcare facility because they don’t have insurance. Mr. Speaker, 57 percent of trafficking victims report physical injuries, and nearly all report having faced either sexual abuse or physical violence. These injuries caused a reported 63 percent of trafficking victims to go to the emergency room when they are being exploited. Many victims also end up with sexually transmitted infections, including HIV, and are at high risk of pregnancy. As a result, nearly 88 percent of trafficked victims are seen by a healthcare provider at some point and, more likely than not, it is in an emergency room. So these are the people we seek out most to train and see the signs of trafficking to be able to report it to law enforcement and help these ladies out of the situation they are in. Despite this, out of more than 5,600 hospitals in the country, only a handful have a plan for treating patients who are victims of trafficking, and over 95 percent of emergency room personnel are not trained to identify trafficking victims. As a result, it is estimated that only 1 percent of human trafficking victims are identified when they seek emergency care. We must encourage healthcare professionals to be alert to possible instances of human trafficking when victims appear in clinics or doctors’ offices for needed care, and we must provide them the additional training and resources to accomplish this goal. I am proud to work on the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act and I urge my colleagues to help pass it today. I thank my cosponsors and the Republican leadership for scheduling this bill. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I know how important trafficking is for the Chair in his history, and I think the Speaker of the House has an interest in this bill, too. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K INZINGER ), a valuable member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and, in fact, the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 767, the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act. I am a proud colead of this important bill with Mr. COHEN  from Tennessee, and I thank him for his work. Mr. Speaker, when someone says ‘‘human trafficking,’’ oftentimes we view it as a problem far away from our shores that affects people who are not us. It is hard to imagine that this modernday slavery is happening over here, hurting the people within our community every day. In my home State of Illinois, we have the fifth highest number of trafficking cases in this country; and the city of Rockford, in my district, is ranked second behind Chicago in human trafficking cases. The most important thing we can do to combat this heinous crime is to raise awareness. That is what the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act is designed to do. This important legislation would expand on a pilot program with the Department of Health and Human Services by supporting the training of healthcare workers to identify victims and best care for them through established protocols and procedures. Many times, when trafficking victims come to emergency rooms, healthcare professionals may not always spot the signs that their patient was a victim of human trafficking. Education is critical in combating human trafficking, and our awareness could, in fact, save a life. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 767. I believe it can have an impact towards identifying cases of human trafficking and helping the most vulnerable and atrisk individuals of this evil crime. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is a worthwhile bill. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 767, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MILITARY INJURY SURGICAL SYSTEMS INTEGRATED OPERATIONALLY NATIONWIDE TO ACHIEVE ZERO PREVENTABLE DEATHS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 880 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Military Injury Surgical Systems Integrated Operationally Nationwide to Achieve ZERO Preventable Deaths Act’’ or the ‘‘MISSION ZERO Act’’. 
Title XII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART I—MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, 40 years ago I was an intern and resident at Parkland Hospital in Dallas. Any intern or resident will tell you the month of July is significant in the life of an intern or resident. You were last week’s medical student, and you are this week’s intern managing the emergency room; or you were last year’s intern, and you are this week’s house officer managing perhaps a busy practice, perhaps a busy emergency room. As such, every intern and resident remembers the end of that first week of their internship or residency. It is just something that you do. You got through the first week of what was a very trying time. So I remember well July 7 of my internship, July 7 of my residency. Mr. Speaker, in 2016, July 7 also took on additional significance in Dallas, Texas. Five police officers were killed and 9 more were injured during a shooting in downtown Dallas. In the immediate aftermath of the attack, area hospitals sprang into action and activated their disaster plans. I am proud to say that the staff at Parkland Hospital, the staff at Baylor University Hospital, and other medical professionals provided excellent emergency care to the victims of the attack. Mr. Speaker, it is critical that we have people who are able to respond when called. Now, additionally, I have long believed that the American military is the arsenal of democracy and that it is critical for upholding freedom in the world. Each member of the United States Armed Forces has an important role in a collective team effort. This is especially true in a combat zone, where trauma surgeons are some of the most crucial members of the Armed Forces. These medical professionals are trained to save the lives of soldiers who sustain traumatic injuries on the battlefield, and they are some of the best in the business. However, as wars wind down and our soldiers come home, the experience that military trauma surgeons have gained overseas may be diminished or lost unless these surgeons continue to train and to prepare for their next possible deployment. To let this expertise and skill drift away would be a significant loss to trauma patients, both at home and abroad. Trauma, Mr. Speaker, is not limited to the battlefields and active conflicts. Unfortunately, no community is immune from the threat of traumatic injury, and community doctors must be prepared to give lifesaving care to trauma victims. However, there is a way that we can ensure trained combat surgeons’ skills are utilized to help American patients here in the homeland who need it. The MISSION ZERO Act seeks to connect American patients with battletested trauma care through the craft of military trauma care providers. The bill provides grants to allow military trauma care providers and teams to offer care in our Nation’s leading trauma centers and systems. Here is the bottom line: the MISSION ZERO Act is a win for both civilian patients and military trauma doctors. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that this bipartisan legislation has finally come 
to the floor. Along with my fellow Texan, Mr. GENE GREEN , I introduced this bill in 2016 following that particularly traumatic incident that struck so close to home. Texas is not unique in its need for this expertise. Over the last few months alone, our Nation has witnessed a need for trauma care hospitals across the country. One such incident was the Amtrak derailment near Dupont, Washington, on December 18, 2017. That incident resulted in 3 passenger fatalities and 70 injuries over a busy freeway. As we have seen, having access to experienced trauma care can become the difference between life and death for a critically injured patient. There is no doubt that integrating military physicians into the trauma and disaster system is beneficial not only for American patients, but also for American soldiers. I am encouraged by the bipartisan effort to support both our servicemen and our Nation’s trauma system, and I thank the cosponsors from both sides of the aisle for their support of this important legislation. Quite simply, the MISSION ZERO Act is common sense, and I urge Members to join me in supporting this lifesaving legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 880, the Military Injury Surgical Systems Integrated Operationally Nationwide to Achieve ZERO Preventable Deaths Act, or MISSION ZERO Act. I am proud to have worked closely with Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health Chairman BURGESS and my colleagues from Florida and North Carolina, Representative CASTOR and Representative H UDSON , on this legislation. The MISSION ZERO Act will help us move towards a trauma system that achieves the goal of zero preventable traumatic deaths. Whether in response to a gruesome sports injury, a car accident on the highway, or, unfortunately, a tragic event like the recent school shooting in Parkland, Florida, Americans of all ages and backgrounds depend on our trauma care system to respond with skilled experts to provide the services necessary to save lives and prevent disability. The MISSION ZERO Act will help us ensure access to quality trauma care based on the best available evidence by establishing a grant program to assist civilian trauma centers to partner with military trauma professionals. This partnership will benefit our civilian trauma centers by increasing the availability of trauma professionals to serve in trauma centers across the United States. This partnership will benefit our military trauma system by allowing trauma professionals to maintain their trauma care capabilities during times of peace and help ensure they are prepared to meet the needs of our heroes on the battlefield. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and help ensure that Americans in need of trauma services, whether civilian or in the Armed Forces, receive the highest quality of care possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ), the cosponsor of the bill, and I thank the cosponsors of this bill for serving on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the MISSION ZERO Act, H.R. 880, and I would like to thank Chairman BURGESS , Ranking Member GENEGREEN from Texas, and Mr. HUDSON from North Carolina for sponsoring this legislation with me. The MISSION ZERO Act will assist the Department of Defense in assigning trauma surgeons to our civilian trauma centers. It will help fill the gap that we currently have in care recently examined by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. The MISSION ZERO Act will establish grant initiatives for eligible trauma systems to incorporate full military trauma teams or individual military trauma providers into our hospitals—the ones that have busy emergency rooms. This mutually beneficial partnership will allow civilian doctors and nurses and care providers the chance to learn more about military best practices and will give our military trauma care providers the opportunity to utilize their cuttingedge expertise without leaving the military. I have seen this initiative in action already back home in Tampa at Tampa General Hospital, located just a few miles down the road from MacDill Air Force Base, which is home to U.S. Central Command, U.S. Special Operations Command, and the 6th Air Mobility Wing, which is also home to the 6th Air Medical Group. Since about 2011, they have had an ongoing partnership to do just what this bill provides: create a lot of energy and shared expertise in the civilian trauma center at Tampa General Hospital and bring in the military specialists so they can continue to hone their caregiving and craft. They use nurses, surgeons, and all sorts of specialists. The initiative allows military and civilian medical teams to work in the most intense trauma environments— that is, our level one trauma center— and take very good care of folks all across central Florida. These partnerships are vital for continued training for our community and our military. I think Dr. BURGESS and Mr. G ENE GREEN from Texas are doing a great service by replicating this in other trauma centers across the United States. The MISSION ZERO Act is endorsed by the American Congress of Neurological Surgeons, American College of Emergency Physicians, American College of Surgeons, and the Trauma Care Association of America. Again, I thank Dr. BURGESS , Ranking Member GENEGREEN from Texas, Mr. HUDSON , and all my Energy and Commerce colleagues, and I urge everyone here in the House to support this important bill. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 880, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONGENITAL HEART FUTURES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1222) to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1222 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
Section 399V–2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–13) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 425 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 285b–8) is amended to read as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act, introduced by my Energy and Commerce colleague, Representative GUSBILIRAKIS  from Florida. This important initiative will enhance current Federal efforts addressing congenital heart disease, which is the most common birth defect and leading cause of mortality in infants. This bipartisan legislation enhances research and surveillance at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, awards grants to further study congenital heart disease, and directs the National Institutes of Health to report on their current research efforts in this space. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act, led by Congressman BILIRAKIS and Congressman S CHIFF  from California. This legislation reauthorizes the Congenital Heart Futures Act, which was enacted in 2010, as part of the Affordable Care Act. The Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act builds on the success of current efforts by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to improve and expand research, monitoring, and public outreach and educational programs relating to congenital heart disease. This bill requires the National Institutes of Health to issue a report outlining current and future research plans with respect to congenital heart disease. Each year, more than 40,000 babies are born in the United States with a congenital heart defect. One million children and 1.4 million adults are currently living with congenital heart disorders. Individuals living with a congenital heart disease often require specialized care and remain at risk of disability or premature death throughout their life. More research and surveillance is needed to improve our knowledge of why congenital heart defects develop and how they can be effectively treated. This legislation will help expand our understanding of congenital heart disease across the lifespan and has the potential to improve the lives of the millions of children and adults living with congenital heart disease in America. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), the principal author of this bill. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act, which will reauthorize and ensure continued investment in surveillance research to assess the lifelong needs of individuals with congenital heart defects, or CHDs. These surveillance efforts will help improve our understanding of CHD across the lifespan, from birth to adulthood. This research will help us learn more about demographic factors such as age, race, gender, or ethnicity. In addition, the legislation emphasizes the need for continued biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health on the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of CHD. NIH will further research into the causes of congenital heart defects, including genetic causes, and study long term outcomes in individuals with CHD of all ages. Also, NIH may study data to identify effective treatments and outcomes and identify barriers to lifelong care for individuals with congenital heart defects. CHD is the most common birth defect and the leading cause of birth defect related infant mortality. For the Down syndrome community, about half of the children born with Down syndrome have CHD. It is a true public health issue and, as latenight show host Jimmy Kimmel noted, it does not discriminate by race, gender, or socioeconomic status. The road ahead may be scary and uncertain for any parent with a newborn who has CHD, but this bill helps give hope to those coping with the diagnosis. Nearly 1 in 100 babies are born with CHD, and more than 5 percent will not live to see their first birthday, unfortunately. We have to change that. Even for those who receive successful intervention, it is not a cure. We have to change that. Children and adults born with CHD require ongoing, costly, specialized cardiac care and face a lifelong risk of permanent disability and premature death. We must change that. As a result, healthcare utilization among the CHD population is significantly higher than the general population. It is estimated that, compared to their peers, the medical costs for individuals with congenital heart defects are 10 to 20 times greater. Hospitalization costs for pediatric patients alone total more than $5.6 billion each year, which is 15 percent of 
all hospitalization costs for patients 20 years of age and younger. Despite its prevalence and significance, there are still gaps in research and standards of care for CHD patients. But for the sake of the estimated 40,000 babies, Mr. Speaker, who will be born in the next year with CHD, there is more work to be done. Mr. Speaker, I began this journey almost 10 years ago, when thenCongressman Zack Space and I first introduced the Congenital Heart Futures Act. Last Congress, Congressman SCHIFF and I reintroduced the reauthorization of the original bill. During that time, I met a lot of patients with congenital heart defects along the way, and I have been touched by their stories. There are people like Trey and Nicole Flynn, a young Floridian couple who lost their son, Holden, while waiting for a heart transplant. He was only 2 years old. This bill supports the essential research necessary to make sure another family doesn’t have to leave the hospital without their child in their arms. There is also Lucas Iguina, a young man born with a complex congenital heart disease that essentially left him with half a heart. b1730 Despite having three openheart surgeries, Mr. Speaker, and countless doctor visits and medical procedures, Lucas has hopes and dreams like every other child. This bill ensures that the medical research will keep pace with his generation as they grow to be adults. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Jackson Radandt, born with half a heart, has hypoplastic left heart syndrome, which means the left side of his heart was underdeveloped. He depended on lifesaving research to help his failing heart survive until his heart transplant at age 11. He is a teenager now and will live his life with a heightened sensitivity for his new heart. Nicholas Basken was born with complex heart disease and wasn’t getting blood to the lower half of his body, requiring heart surgery when he was just 2 days old. He is now at the top of his class, and this bill will ensure that his future remains bright as he navigates this chronic illness throughout his adulthood. Abigail Adams is a young Florida advocate, whom I will meet again tomorrow, with Down syndrome. Roughly half of the babies born with Down syndrome, Mr. Speaker, have a congenital heart defect. Abigail continues to advocate for individuals with Down syndrome. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. BILIRAKIS. My friend, David Peluso, was born with pulmonary stenosis, a condition where the pulmonary valve will not open properly. He had surgery, again, emergency openheart surgery, at 2 days old, another corrective surgery at age 10, and many hospital visits and procedures in the meantime. Today, again, we are giving these children hope. Today, he is a husband and a father to two kids, trying to live a normal life with atrial flutter that requires additional surgeries. This bill will continue the surveillance program so we can collect data on children and adults with congenital heart problems. I can go on and on, Mr. Speaker. Thank you so very much, and let’s pass this great bill for our children and give them hope. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I want to thank, also, the cosponsors of the bill, both Congressman SCHIFF  and a member of our committee, Congressman BILIRAKIS , for introducing this reauthorization bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act. This legislation was introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), a colleague and good friend, to address a very serious issue. Congenital heart disease is the leading cause of infant mortality and is the most common birth defect found in young children. These children grow up facing a wealth of health issues that will have a tremendous impact on them for the rest of their lives. They often require specialized care, including cardiac care, and are subjected to a lifetime of risk for disability or premature death. This legislation enhances research and surveillance at the CDC to ensure that our medical community and the research to support their efforts are the best available for treatment. It also establishes grants to further study congenital heart disease so that we can better combat this disease and the harm it causes in so many people’s lives. Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible disease that leaves people never knowing when it could strike. Like other diseases, we need to better understand how it develops and impacts people so that we have a better chance of fighting it and saving lives. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for getting this legislation passed through the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I support its passage. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1222, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SICKLE CELL DISEASE RESEARCH, SURVEILLANCE, PREVENTION, AND TREATMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2410) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2410 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act is amended by inserting after section 399V–6 (42 U.S.C. 280g–17) the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act of 2017, introduced by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS). This reauthorizes the sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program. Sickle cell disease causes blockages of small vessels leading to various health complications. By improving research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment, along with enhancing collaboration with communitybased entities focussing on sickle cell disease, this important legislation will help improve outcomes in patients suffering from this inherited blood disorder, which currently affects 1 in 500 AfricanAmerican births. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act, introduced by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) and Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee Chairman BURGESS . Sickle cell disease is a group of inherited red blood cell disorders where red blood cells become hard and sticky and have a C shape. When these sickle cells travel through the blood vessels, they can get stuck and clog the blood flow. When this occurs, it often causes extreme pain and other serious health problems, including infections, lungrelated complications, and stroke. 100,000 Americans are living with sickle cell disease today. These individuals need comprehensive treatment throughout their lives in order to manage their symptoms and prevent their disease from worsening, which requires a robust network of providers available to treat sickle cell patients at every stage of life. H.R. 2410 would reauthorize the Sickle Cell Disease Treatment Demonstration Program, allowing the Department of Health and Human Services to invest critical resources in research, surveillance, and public health initiatives for sickle cell disease. These investments will help bolster the sickle cell workforce and improve treatments for sickle cell patients of all ages. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, let me just, first of all, commend Representative BURGESS , chairman of the subcommittee, and Mr. GREEN , as well as Representative BUTTERFIELD and all of the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, for their leadership in bringing this bill to this point at this moment. As we just heard, sickle cell disease is an inherited blood disorder characterized by affected red blood cells that mutate into the shape of a crescent or sickle, and, as such, these cells are unable to pass through small blood vessels. It is a recessive genetic condition that occurs when a child inherits two sickle cell genes or traits from each parent. The consequences and complications of this disease are extreme. The Sickle Cell Disease Association of America, with whom we have worked for many years, has studied and reported that common complications with this disease include early childhood death from infection; stroke in young children and adults; lung problems similar to pneumonia; chronic damage to organs, including the kidney, leading to kidney failure, and to the lungs, causing pulmonary hypertension; and severe painful episodes. 
In fact, pain episodes are a hallmark of sickle cell disease. They are unpredictable in many ways, both the timing of when they occur—how severe they will be—and how long they will last. For those with the disease, these devastating pain episodes can start as early as 6 months of age and can span a lifetime, impacting school attendance and participation in the workforce. In fact, these pain crises contribute significantly to the 200,000 emergency room visits collectively made by sufferers of sickle cell disease each year in our country. A typical crisis will result in a hospital stay of 7 to 10 days. Mr. Speaker, we have made a tremendous amount of progress in the treatment, research, and effective ways of dealing with this disease. I note that more than 20 years ago I worked with the project at the University of Illinois running a sickle cell education project, and I have seen much of that progress that we have talked about, but we still have a long way to go. There is still tremendous need for research. There is need for additional treatment modalities. So, again, I thank all of those who have demonstrated support for this important legislation. I urge its passage. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ), our colleague on the committee whom I call ‘‘Judge,’’ just like I do you, because you are both former district judges. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2410, the Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act. I want to commend my friends Representative DANNY DAVIS and Representative Dr. MICHAEL BURGESS for their tireless work in this space. Both of these men have a lifetime of service in the delivery of healthcare, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). I thank both of them for their incredible work. I have been a lifetime advocate, Mr. Speaker, for addressing sickle cell disease, and I am proud to cosponsor this bill. I have done so in previous Congresses. Sickle cell disease is the most common genetic blood disorder. It affects approximately 100,000 individuals, primarily African Americans, throughout the country. Sickle cell disease awareness is significant to me for many reasons. One, because this disorder affects many of my constituents in North Carolina. It is significant, Mr. Speaker, because I had a dear cousin, whose name was Rubie Butterfield Mizell, who, in 1972, passed away from this disease in Opa locka, Florida. People with sickle cell disease have red blood cells with abnormal types of hemoglobin, often causing anemia, jaundice, and the formation of gallstones. What is truly frightening is that sickle cell disease does not have a cure. The most widely used treatment for sickle cell disease was modern medicine 20 years ago that can reduce the number of episodes but does not eliminate them or their severity. The health challenges facing people with sickle cell disease are enormous. The disease is widespread. The consequences can be dire, and that is why the Congressional Black Caucus and the Health Brain Trust of the Congressional Black Caucus have made these a priority in our agenda over the years under the leadership of the gentlewoman from Chicago, Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). b1745 People with sickle cell disease have a much shorter life expectancy, with median ages of death for males of only 33 years and for females of only 36 years. These patients are also more likely to have additional health complications, including stroke, blood clots, loss of vision, and lung and kidney failure. There are approximately 4,400 people with sickle cell disease in North Carolina. I am sure that, Mr. Speaker, in the State of Texas, it may be even more. My hope is that someday there will be none. That is why we must reauthorize the Sickle Cell Disease Treatment Demonstration Program to enable the Secretary of HHS to support research to increase our understanding of the disease, and create a grant program to study the prevalence of sickle cell and identify ways to prevent and treat sickle cell disease effectively. Sixtyfive percent of individuals with this disease in North Carolina have at least one emergency room visit per year. That is no way to live. I am sure Dr. BURGESS , when he practiced medicine in his home State, saw many, many patients who were similarly situated. We should do all that we can to help improve patients’ lives, advance treatment, and find a cure. I am grateful for the opportunity to move this bill through the House, and I hope that my colleagues will join me in supporting it. I thank Dr. BURGESS , Mr. D AVIS, and Mr. GREEN for their work. All of these gentlemen have done a great job in this space. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I was surprised to learn at the legislative hearing that we had on this bill—and it has been now several months ago—that there had not been a new FDAapproved treatment for sickle cell in 40 year’s time. Now, my understanding is that may have changed recently, but that is way too long. We do need to improve research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment, and really take care of those patients who are suffering with this disease. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and I thank Mr. DAVIS for bringing it to our attention. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support to H.R. 2410, the ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act of 2017.’’ I support this bipartisan legislation because it will improve the way states study and monitor sickle cell disease. This bill amends the Public Health Service Act to require the Department of Health and Human Services to make grants to states to: Collect data on the prevalence and distribution of sickle cell disease; Conduct sickle cell disease public health initiatives to improve access to care and health outcomes; and Identify and evaluate strategies for prevention and treatment of sickle cell disease complications. Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that: Sickle cell disease affects 90,000 to 100,000; Americans; Sickle cell disease occurs among about 1 out of every 500 Black or AfricanAmerican births; Sickle cell disease occurs among about 1 out of every 36,000 HispanicAmerican births; Sickle Cell Trait occurs among about 1 in 12 Blacks or African Americans. If one parent has sickle cell 4 anemia and the other has sickle cell trait, there is a 50 percent chance (or 1 out of 2) of having a baby with either sickle cell disease or sickle cell trait with each pregnancy. It is critical that infants with Sickle Cell are identified early. Sickle cellrelated deaths among African American children younger than 4 years of age fell by 42 percent from 1999 through 2002. This drop coincided with the introduction in 2000 of a vaccine that protects against invasive pneumococcal disease. Many racial health disparities stem from lack of access to quality healthcare and proper health awareness. Certain medical illnesses are known to be more prevalent in certain demographic groups, including type II diabetes, lupus, sickle cell anemia, and Triple Negative Breast Cancer for which African Americans are more than twice as likely to be diagnosed on average. As a Member of Congress, I have been a staunch advocate for my constituents to find a cure for sickle cell disease. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation will prepare states to combat sickle cell disease in the 21st century, while helping provide access to healthcare for Americans. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting the passage of H.R. 2410. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2410. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ACTION FOR DENTAL HEALTH ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2422) to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for lowincome and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2422 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Action for Dental Health Act of 2017’’. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act of 2017, introduced by Representative ROBIN KELLY . The bill reauthorizes the oral health promotion and disease prevention programs at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and permits the CDC to award grants or enter into contracts with stakeholders to develop projects to improve oral health education and dental disease prevention. This bill also reauthorizes HRSA’s Grants to States to Support Oral Health Workforce Activities and permits States to establish dental homes, mobile or portable dental clinics, initiatives to reduce the use of emergency departments by patients seeking dental services, and initiatives to provide dental care to nursing home residents. Good oral health is an important component of good overall health, and this bill takes important steps to help improve the dental care in underserved communities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act, sponsored by my colleague, Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY from Illinois. For millions of Americans, affordable dental care is hard to find and desperately needed. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, nearly half of all individuals in our country over the age of 30 suffer from some form of gum disease. One in four children under the age of 5 already have cavities. The lack of basic oral health services in some communities today leads many Americans to delay treatment to the point the pain is so severe that they rush to the emergency room, where they receive expensive treatment for common dental issues. Dental care is necessary for more than cosmetic reasons. Good oral health is vital to a person’s overall health. Bad oral health can be a sign of larger health issues. Increasing access to affordable dental care would lower the number of emergency department visits for preventable oral health conditions and reduce the risk of chronic disease. The Action for Dental Health Act will make grants available through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Health Resources and Services Administration, for programs to improve oral health for underserved populations. This legislation will make it possible for groups, such as State health departments and nonprofit dental societies, to receive funding for critical oral health services. These services may include providing dental services to nursing home residents, operating a mobile dental clinic, or implementing an emergency room program so patients can receive dental care in the dentist’s chair instead of the ER. I thank the bill’s sponsors for their bipartisan work on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Action for Dental Health Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ), the sponsor of this bill. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, as February’s National Children’s Dental Health Month draws to a close, I thank Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member PALLONE for their leadership in making sure that this bill came to the floor today. It has been a tremendous honor to work with my colleague, Mr. SIMPSON  from Idaho, in moving this legislation that I am intensely passionate about— the Action for Dental Health Act. I want to acknowledge that, while Members of this Chamber may not always see eyetoeye on matters of health policy, I am proud that my colleagues were able to work together in a constructive, compassionate, and considerate way to address the critical public health matter of improving oral health in America. Mr. Speaker, all Americans deserve a healthy smile; but, sadly, each year, tens of millions of Americans forego needed oral healthcare due to poverty, fear, language or cultural barriers, or the simple fact that there isn’t a dentist in the area in which they live. We know that regular visits to a dentist can do more than keep your smile attractive. They can tell a whole lot about your overall health, including whether or not you may be developing a disease like diabetes, or if you are at risk for a stroke. Fifty million Americans live in places with limited access to dental care, and economically vulnerable adults are almost twice as likely to have had no dental care in the previous year than Americans in middle and upperincome brackets. 
Dental problems are a leading problem of school absences for kids and missed work for parents. Oral health has a direct relationship with school performance. Kids who reported having recent tooth pain were four times more likely to have a low grade point average—below the median GPA of 2.8— when compared to children without oral pain, according to a study by the Ostrow School of Dentistry at the University of Southern California. My bill improves oral health for Americans by breaking down barriers to care. It allows organizations to qualify for oral health grants to support activities that improve oral health education and dental disease prevention. This includes developing and expanding outreach programs that will facilitate establishing dental homes for children and adults, including the elderly, blind, and disabled. The Action for Dental Health Act has received the endorsement of the American Dental Association, the National Dental Association, the American Dental Education Association, and a bipartisan coalition of our congressional colleagues. On a final note, I would like to thank the staff of the Energy and Commerce Committee; Mia Keeys on my staff; Jamie McNeil with Congressman SIMPSON; and also Dr. Cheryl Watson Lowry, who came to testify on behalf of the bill, in working together to help shepherd the bill before us today. I am a true believer in the power of order and bipartisanship in making a difference in the lives of the families we represent. The process of working with you all in advancing this bill has truly strengthened my belief in that power. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill, and I urge passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2422, the Action for Dental Health Act of 2017. The ADH Act will allow states to receive grants that will establish innovative dental programs on behalf of the Health Resources and Services Administration. Passing H.R. 2422 will establish of dental homes for children and adults, reduce use of emergency departments for dental services, and reduce geographic, language and cultural barriers in the dental care system. Mr. Speaker, there is a great need to improve oral health education and prevent dental diseases in lowincome and underserved communities. The health of many Americans is dependent upon the resources we provide. African Americans, Hispanics, and Native Americans and Alaska Natives generally have the poorest oral health of any racial and ethnic groups in the United States. African Americans, nonHispanics, and Mexican Americans aged 35 to 44 years experience untreated tooth decay nearly twice as much as white, nonHispanics. Poor oral health is strongly correlated with other chronic health conditions like cardiovascular diseases, lung disease, strokes, diabetes and can also contribute to problems with employment which furthers poverty. The Surgeon General estimates that children with oral disease miss over 51 million hours of school each year, and that adults with oral disease miss approximately 164 million hours of work each year. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2422 to show their support and compassion for the people we serve and to ensure that individuals predisposed to contracting any sort of dental diseases receive the proper prevention and care they deserve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2422, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
RECOGNIZING IMPORTANCE AND EFFECTIVENESS OF TRAUMAINFORMED CARE Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 443) recognizing the importance and effectiveness of traumainformed care, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of Representative MIKEGALLAGHER ’s H. Res. 443, which recognizes the importance and effectiveness of trauma informed care. According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, trauma results from an event or a series of events that cause intense physical and psychological stress reactions. The individual’s functioning and emotional, physical, social, and spiritual health can be severely affected. It is important that health providers understand the nature and impact of trauma when caring for their patients. H. Res. 443 highlights the work of States in traumainformed care and encourages the Federal Government to build on the States’ momentum by identifying opportunities to embed this approach to care within current Federal health operations. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 443, Recognizing the Importance and Effectiveness of TraumaInformed Care, sponsored by Congressman GALLAGHER from Wisconsin and Congressman DAVIS from Illinois. This resolution recognizes the important role that trauma plays in health and life situations and the importance of deploying traumainformed protocols to respond to traumatic experiences. Research shows that traumatic experiences are associated with behavioral health and chronic physical health conditions, such as substance use disorders, mental health conditions, and heart disease. Traumatic experiences, such as physical or sexual abuse, neglect, bullying, communitybased violence, and natural disasters give rise to these negative health consequences. Because of the harmful consequences of trauma, it is important for our health system to deploy traumainformed protocols. The resolution recognizes the importance of Federal agencies deploying traumainformed care to ensure that local care providers are appropriately engaging individuals with histories of trauma, and implementing strategies to intervene on the negative consequences of traumatic experiences. I urge my colleagues to join me and support this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ), the principal author of this resolution. Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, this is a great day for children, for vulnerable populations, and caregivers in my home State of Wisconsin and across this country. b1800 H. Res. 443 recognizes the importance of traumainformed care to individual wellness, the efficacy of care, and improved quality of life for those who have experienced trauma. Passage of this resolution demonstrates that this body believes in the power that traumainformed care can have in helping children, families, and adults overcome trauma and lead healthy lives. From veterans reintegrating into society to survivors of childhood abuse, individuals from across the population can benefit from the simple but effective principles of traumainformed care. By recognizing and sensitively addressing the impacts of traumatic experiences, we can build stronger and more resilient communities. We all want to address major public health issues like addiction, mental health issues, and obesity, and this resolution moves the ball forward by raising awareness and building momentum behind evidencebased best practices and solutions. Rigorous study and academic review have shown benefits for organizations, communities, and governments that implement traumainformed care. I am proud to announce that my home State of Wisconsin, under the leadership of our first lady, Tonette Walker, is on track to becoming the first fully traumainformed State in the Nation. In Illinois, home to our colleague and the colead of this resolution, Congressman DANNY DAVIS, experts have come together to make this material more accessible to policymakers and the public. Exciting innovation in mental healthcare is happening across this country, and this resolution recognizes that hard work. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I express my sincere thanks to my colleague, Congressman DAVIS, for his commitment to this resolution. I also thank Tonette Walker, first lady of Wisconsin, for her dedication and service and leadership in this important cause. Mr. Speaker, additionally, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the committee for their hard work on this issue as well. H. Res. 443 is an important step in breaking down the stigma surrounding mental healthcare and building more inclusive communities, more resilient communities, more strong communities that take care of each other. I encourage all of my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), the cosponsor of the bill. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I commend Dr. BURGESS for his leadership, and Representative GENE GREEN . They have both demonstrated, I think, the kind of leadership that we are often seeking, searching for, and looking for. Mr. Speaker, it has been my pleasure to work with Representative GALLA GHER of Wisconsin in development of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I also want to commend the first lady of Wisconsin for the leadership that she has provided. Of course, the first lady is the wife of the Governor. I must admit that I was a bit amazed when we were contacted by the first lady of Wisconsin to talk about this kind of legislation and to talk about the importance of it. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 443, which recognizes the importance and effectiveness of trauma informed care and proposes to implement this care at the Federal level. Traumatic experiences affect millions of people across the country, including the city of Chicago. It is integral to the development of any person who has experienced trauma to get physical and emotional support after experiencing an extremely stressful life event. This is especially important to our Nation’s children, as adverse childhood experiences can affect the health of a child for the rest of his or her life. If a child does not receive care for trauma, it could even shorten his or her lifespan, and this stress facilitates negative brain development. Traumainformed care addresses the survivor’s specific needs in relation to his or her personal trauma and recovery. It promotes a collaborative environment between the survivor and close friends and family, and it addresses the symptoms of trauma that require treatment. This helps the survivor work through his or her recovery in a positive way with the support of close allies. 
Though many States have adopted traumainformed care programs, it is essential to implement traumainformed care at the Federal level and make sure that people anywhere in the country get the treatment and support they need, not just those in certain States. It has also been my pleasure to work closely with Senator DURBIN , the senior Senator from the State of Illinois, and hundreds of groups that have formed a coalition to help promote and develop an understanding of just how much trauma care is needed. Very seldom do I talk about it or mention it, but I had a grandson who was murdered a year or so ago, and there were other children in the home. It was a home invasion. So I can tell people firsthand that the kind of attention and care that individuals get after they have had a traumatic experience makes a tremendous amount of difference in their recovery. I also note that I was trained as a psychologist, and so I have interacted in many instances with individuals who had experienced stress. So this is an excellent piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative GALLAGHER again for his leadership. It has been my pleasure to work with him. I look forward to the passage of this resolution. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This is an important resolution. I urge its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 443, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1831 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 6 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of 17 members of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School community in Parkland, Florida, and do so in the presence of some of their classmates: Alyssa, Chris, Meadow, Scott, Luke, Helena, Martin, Cara, Alex, Nicholas, Gina, Carmen, Aaron, Joaquin, Peter, Jaime, and Alaina. On February 14, 2018, they were killed in yet another senseless act of gun violence. As we bow in silence, I ask that we remember those we lost, I ask that we lift up the families who are grieving, and I ask that we offer prayers of healing for those who were injured and prayers of peace for the 3,300 survivors. I ask that our quiet contemplation stir courage within the Members of this body—the courage to take action to ensure the freedom of our students, the freedom to learn without fear, and to take action to secure the freedom of all Americans to live in communities without gun violence. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members and guests in the gallery, please rise for a moment of silence. 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Buck Davidson Farenthold Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Jones Massie McClintock Sanford 
Barletta Black Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Cleaver Cramer Cummings Doggett Duffy Engel Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grijalva Huizenga Issa Kennedy Long McGovern Neal Noem Nolan Payne Pearce Rooney, Francis Rush Shuster Smith (WA) Speier Trott Vargas 
b1913 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4296, OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS FOR BANKING ORGANIZATIONS, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4607, COMPREHENSIVE REGULATORY REVIEW ACT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–582) on the resolution (H. Res. 747) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4296) to place requirements on operational risk capital requirements for banking organizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4607) to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal financial regulators perform a comprehensive review of regulations to identify outdated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory requirements imposed on covered persons, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1865, ALLOW STATES AND VICTIMS TO FIGHT ONLINE SEX TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–583) on the resolution (H. Res. 748) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
b1915 HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow for morning hour debate and 11 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
RECOGNIZING ROSE ANN SHANNON IN HONOR OF WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. BACON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women’s History Month, I rise to recognize a woman dedicated to journalistic integrity, who made history as Omaha’s first female TV news director. Rose Ann Shannon recently retired after 45 years in TV news and was a mentor to many local and national reporters. When Rose Ann started her career at KMTV in 1973, she was one of only three women in Omaha TV news. After KMTV, Rose Ann worked as a communications director for Omaha’s mayor, then returned to TV news at KETV. She was then promoted to news director, the first female TV news director in Omaha. KETV’s general manager said Rose Ann exemplified ‘‘integrity first journalism at its core.’’ Rose Ann is a trailblazer who shattered a glass ceiling. She served as a mentor to men and women in the industry, ensuring reporters connected to the public through ‘‘integrityfirst reporting and truth.’’ f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, no one should experience what the students of Parkland, Florida, did last week. My heart breaks for that community, for the lives of the lost, for those who were injured, and for the families that were affected. No family should ever have to bury a child because of gun violence in school. Mr. Speaker, we need sensible gun violence prevention legislation to finally begin to address these tragedies, but I want to say I cannot support the President’s frightening proposal to put more guns in our Nation’s schools, in our Nation’s classrooms. I wholeheartedly agree that we must make our schools safer places for students to learn, but arming teachers will do just the opposite. I know firsthand that accidents can happen even when guns are in the hands of highly trained firearms experts. I speak from this wheelchair today because, when I was 16, a stray bullet hit my spine and left me paralyzed. This was at the hands of two weapons experts on the police SWAT team. My accident occurred as a police cadet in the police department among trained experts. Just imagine what could happen in a school filled with children with people who are handling firearms who are not as well trained. Mr. Speaker, we must do more to keep our students safe. More guns around them is not the answer. 
RECOGNIZING GRACE HERSCHELMAN (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, in honor of Rare Disease Day, I am proud to recognize Grace Herschelman, a 6yearold from Hillsboro, Illinois, who continues to be an inspiration for thousands. When Grace was 3 years old, she was diagnosed with infantile neuraxonal dystrophy, a neurodegenerative disease that results in a loss of muscle strength, movement, and the ability to speak. At the time of her diagnosis, there were only 10 documented cases of INAD in the Nation, and most children with this disease do not make it to their 10th birthday. Throughout her diagnosis and therapy treatment, Grace and her family have been a source of inspiration throughout Illinois. They have increased awareness for a rare and terminal disease and have raised more than $175,000 for research, with donors coming from all 50 States. Grace and her family’s story is just one example of why I support increased funding for the National Institutes of Health and legislation like the 21st Century Cures Act. Thousands of Americans are afflicted with rare diseases like those that afflict Grace, and we, as a nation, must work together to ensure better treatment, cures, and hope that is prioritized and possible for these patients and their families. 
EXPANSION OF CHICAGO O’HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, the city of Chicago and Chicago’s airline carriers are finalizing their negotiations for an $8.5 billion expansion of Chicago O’Hare International Airport. This will provide it with a state oftheart global terminal. This plan will bring more tourism, more economic activity, and more jobs to the Chicago area, while making it more necessary than ever to complete the Elgin O’Hare Western Access Project. This project has won support from every faction: Chicago and the suburbs, Republicans and Democrats, business and labor, and even Cubs and Sox fans. It is clear why. Western Access would create nearly 20,000 jobs: 7,400 in direct construction and more than 3,000 in engineering; another 6,000 indirect jobs would be created for equipment suppliers and contractors. Once the project is completed, our region would realize 65,000 permanent jobs: 44,000 in Cook County, and nearly half that many in DuPage. With the O’Hare of the future in development, it is time we complete Western Access and allow our region to reap the rewards. 
CONGRATULATING FAIRVIEW SOUTHDALE HOSPITAL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Fairview Southdale Hospital in Edina for recently receiving the 2018 Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical Excellence from Healthgrades. Fairview Southdale was also named one of the country’s top 100 best hospitals for cardiac care, coronary intervention, and pulmonary care. Distinguished hospitals are determined and measured by whether they achieve outstanding outcomes in at least 21 of 23 common conditions and procedures. Patients who are treated in these hospitals, on average, face a lower risk of death than if they were treated in hospitals without this designation. These hospitals also achieve better clinical results than 95 percent of hospitals across the country. Mr. Speaker, the doctors, the nurses, the staffs at Fairview do incredible work, and I know they deserve this recognition, and we also know their patients are in good hands. f 
RECOGNIZING MONSIGNOR WILLIAM LINDER (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, there are few Americans who dedicate their lives completely to rebuilding an innercity community. Imagine a person who seeks no personal recognition but is imbued with deep faith and a future they help guide. Imagine their drive arising from their mission to serve others. One of these rare souls is Monsignor William Linder of Newark, New Jersey, the founder of the New Community Corporation, which celebrates its 50th anniversary this year. Monsignor Linder’s adult life is a powerful and pioneering example of a modern wise man who planted a church in the public square to transform America. As a young priest in the 1960s, he was assigned to Newark’s Central Ward amidst riots and racial tension. This was a divisive and uncertain time, yet he took it upon himself to walk hand in hand with the people of Newark who desperately needed someone to believe in them and inspire a better way forward. Linder listened to the people, and together they organized for affordable housing, civil rights, and a better way of life for all. His determination and boundless faith helped New Community achieve major revitalization. Without question, New Community provides a reliable blueprint for rebuilding America’s most neglected spaces. America is blessed, indeed, humbled, and filled with gratitude for Linder’s life of service. Thank you, Monsignor Linder. You are a good and faithful servant and living example of the commitment real progress requires. DENICE MIRACLE—AMERICAN AIRLINES EMPLOYEE TO THE RESCUE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, New York City lights, modeling, and starring in music videos sounds like a script from a movie. So when two young girls met a man they knew as ‘‘Drey’’ on Instagram, they thought they had their ticket to the spotlight. Little did they know they were about to be victims of human sex trafficking. The 15 and 17yearold girls headed to the airport, ready to check into their American Airlines flight. Denice Miracle, however, was working the American Airlines ticket counter when the girls approached. She noticed that the teenagers looked nervous. They had too many bags, no adult was with them, and they had oneway, firstclass tickets. Denise’s training kicked in, recognizing the red flags of human trafficking. She immediately alerted law enforcement, and they came to the rescue. Thankfully, this story ends with both girls returning home safely. They were not trafficked into the scourge of human slavery, in large part, because of Denice, who saw something and said something. We thank people like Denise Miracle for their work, for their personal involvement in rescuing these two girls from evil. And that is just the way it is. 
CONGRESS MUST CONTINUE TO WORK TO PROTECT DREAMERS (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, earlier today, the Supreme Court rejected the Trump administration’s appeal to leapfrog the judicial system in an attempt to end DACA. Today’s decision is a victory for Dreamers and the entire Nation. But our work in Congress must continue until we pass the Dream Act to protect Dreamers once and for all. This decision tells us what we have already known all along, that ending DACA would be detrimental to our community and for our economy. With the loss of revenue, if we end DACA, it means that critical public programs like Social Security and Medicaid will take a big hit. We know that the Dreamers will bring in $460 billion in economic output over a decade. Dreamers are our sisters, our brothers, our cousins. They are owners of grocery stores, taxi drivers, members of our Armed Forces. We cannot afford to sit idly by. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to bring a clean Dream Act to the floor. 
CONGRATULATING REMEDIOS DIAZ OLIVER (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Remedios Diaz Oliver, a prominent member of our south Florida community, on her retirement from All American Containers. Remedios is a powerhouse. Along with her husband, Fausto, she established All American Containers, a multimilliondollar business, a bottling company in Miami that serves corporations worldwide. Her son, Fausto, Jr.; her daughter, Rosie; and her grandchildren, Jackie and Fausto III, also work in the family business. Like me, Remedios was forced to flee the Castro regime in communist Cuba, and she has been an unstoppable commitment of force for the island’s freedom. Remedios has been a trusted adviser to Presidents, to Senators, and to Members of Congress on the issue of her native homeland. And her advocacy in charitable events is second to none. Remedios has been a leader in the American Cancer Society, raising funds and awareness to assist those stricken with this terrible disease. While Remedios may be retiring from All American Containers, she is not retiring from our community, and I look forward to her next endeavor. I love you so much, my friend. Te quiero mucho, amiga mia. Thank you. Felicidades to Remedios. 
b1930 GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, although many in my constituency are still recovering from Hurricane Harvey—and I wear a ‘‘Houston Strong’’ pin—we are working on getting housing rebuilt and seniors back in their homes, I can tell you that, throughout my district, as I was there this past week, they spoke in quiet tones about Douglas, the high school, and the tragedy in Florida. And none of them seemed to agree— and, in particular, young men, who I will talk about in the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order on guns. None of them seemed to agree to arming teachers. All of them had ideas about gun violence and handguns, as well as weapons of war. And I believe the young people should be listened to, and we should not leave until we do constructive, sensible gun safety legislation, and it should be done now. I ask the American people to rise up and speak in tones of nonpartisanship, bipartisanship, to save and secure our children and our teachers. RECOGNIZING MAJOR SANDRA STOQUERT (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major Sandra Stoquert of Camden, New York, an outstanding member of our community. Major Stoquert recently took command of the 109th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron at the New York Air National Guard’s 109th Airlift Wing, based out of Stratton Air National Guard Base in Scotia, New York. Major Stoquert joined the New York Air National Guard in 1996, after serving in both the Army and the Navy Reserves. In 2004, she was commissioned as an officer and since then has served in Iraq at Balad Air Base and was deployed to New Orleans in 2005, to assist in the response to Hurricane Katrina. Since returning to upstate New York, Major Stoquert has remained active in the community. In 2013, she was named the public affairs officer for the 174th Attack Wing based out of Syracuse, New York. She served as a school counselor at Adirondack Central School District in Boonville, New York, as well as on the board for the Central New York Veteran’s Outreach Center in Utica. I would like to take this time to thank Major Stoquert for her years of service to our country and community. She is an inspiration to all and a wonderful community leader. f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF CLEAN DRINKING WATER (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, America loses 7 billion gallons of clean drinking water every single day through broken pipes and leaking pipes. Flowing through those pipes, water, yes, but also dollars, tax dollars, to purify the water and treat it. Eightysix percent of our households depend on public drinking water, and these systems are failing. I have seen my share of corroded pipes and broken pumps over the years. I have seen communities and businesses suffer from a water main break, which happens 700 times a day across America. Last week, I visited systems in Rotterdam, Amsterdam, Rensselaer, East Greenbush, and CastletononHudson in my district. I visited that legendary baby food maker, BeechNut, in Montgomery County, New York, which requires 275,000 gallons of water per day. The message is clear: we must invest in our public water systems to protect our public health and to support our local businesses. We have a bipartisan bill, H.R. 3387, that has passed through committee and now awaits a vote by the full House. It would deliver critical funding to State and local governments to get this big job started. Whether you are a Republican, Democrat, or Independent, every life and every job depends on access to safe drinking water. This is the kind of infrastructure plan we need. Let’s get this job done. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STACEE ETCHEBER (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Stacee Etcheber. She attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. I would like to read a poem written for Stacee by a friend: 
I am strong, and I am blessed because the strength of the animal beneath me multiplies my own strength, so I am able to stand and support my family and friends. I am joyful, and I am blessed because the gentle wind that rushes by my face as I rid with abandon spreads my smile and my joy far and wide. I am loyal, and I am blessed because the loyalty of a horse transcends words, embraces my soul, and flows out to encompass everything in my world. I am filled with love, and I am blessed because the trusting love between human and horse is a love that radiates from my heart and settles protectively on those who join me in my journey. I am a cowgirl, and the blessings of partnering with a horse are reflected in the strength, the joy, the loyalty, and the love that I am able to share with everyone whose path crosses mine. I am blessed to be a cowgirl. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF GWEN YORK (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the legacy of Gwen York, who dedicated her life to advancing the goals of the Transport Workers Union and the Texas AFL–CIO. Gwen was born December 27, 1956. Soon after her birthday, she located to Garland, which is just outside of Dallas, where she would spend much of her life. She graduated from South Garland High School and attended the University of Texas at Austin and later went on to join Southwest Airlines in 1980. It was a job that she loved dearly and put everything into. She later returned to school and graduated from the National Labor College in 2006. And for the past 10 years, Gwen continued her passion for making sure that people could have a good life, particularly those at the Transport Workers Union. She was loyal and dedicated. She was everybody’s advocate and friend. I checked my last text to Gwen, and it was trying to get her to advocate for me and give me some advice on something. She was just that type of person. 
She was always very busy with her work, but she always made time to mentor people, especially a lot of the young women who were also part of the labor movement. Gwen left us far too soon, and it was very tragic in how she did, but I want all of her friends and family out there to know just what a big impact that she made on this world and for the State of Texas and for workers everywhere. She is survived by her husband, Mark York; her daughter, Alyson Reed; and her sister, Wanda Goode. 
URGING THE RELEASE OF IMPRISONED JOURNALISTS IN BURMA (Ms. MCCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge the immediate release of two Reuters journalists, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo, who have been imprisoned in Burma for their fearless reporting on the atrocities being perpetrated against the Rohingya. The ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya shocked the conscience of the world in part because of the important public testimony gathered by these two journalists. In December, these journalists were invited to meet with the police, they were handed documents by officers they had never met before, and then they were immediately arrested under an obscure colonialera law. The arrest of these journalists and the Burmese Government’s refusal to grant them bail is highly irregular. It seems obvious that the only purpose of their continued detention is to chill the independent media in Burma. Mr. Speaker, a free press is essential to a democratic society. I join the State Department and governments around the world urging Burma to release these journalists immediately and to allow them to reunite with their families and to return to their important work. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge the immediate release of two Reuters journalists—Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo—who have been imprisoned Burma for their fearless reporting on the atrocities being perpetrated against the Rohingya. The ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya has shocked the conscience of the world, in part because of the important public testimony gathered by these two journalists. In December, Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo were invited to meet with police officers in Yangon, were handed documents by two police officers they had never met before, and then were immediately arrested for allegedly breaching Burma’s Official Secrets Act, a little used colonial era law on government secrecy. The arrest of these journalists and the Burmese government’s refusal to grant them bail is highly irregular. It seems obvious that the only purpose of their continued detention is to chill the independent media in Burma. I visited Burma and Bangladesh as part of a Congressional delegation in November, and it was clear to me that the urgent humanitarian crisis in the region needs more attention from the media and the public—not less. Despite their ongoing detention, the two journalists agreed to Reuters publication this month of their special report detailing the role of the military and Rakhine Buddhists in these atrocities. I salute these journalists for their willingness to bravely support the truth despite the personal risks to them. Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo are both ethnic Buddhists who grew up in Sittwe, the capital of Rakhine state. Their work on the ethnic cleansing and humanitarian crisis has won a joint honorable mention from the Society of Publishers in Asia. Additionally, Wa Lone has written an acclaimed children’s book and co founded a charity that promotes tolerance between different ethnic groups. Government officials, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley have called for the journalists’ release. Top United Nations officials, as well as the leaders of many nations—including Canada and the United Kingdom— have also urged their release. Mr. Speaker, a free press is essential to a democratic society. I join the State Department and governments around the world urging Burma to release Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo immediately and allow them to reunite with their families and resume their vital work. 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor the CBC Special Order. I would like to thank CBC Chairman CEDRIC RICHMOND  for his leadership in this effort. Chairman RICHMOND has been leading this effort and raising the question about when the President said what do we have to lose. The chairman indicated that we have a lot to lose. So for the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the millions of constituents we represent. Tonight’s Special Order is about gun violence. I thank my colleagues for joining me here today to speak about the national epidemic of gun violence, an important topic to us all. The Black community is at a critical time because we have a lot to lose because too many of our neighbors, unfortunately, have been subject to gun violence at a consistent rate, a crime which often goes unpunished because of unreliable witnesses. On February 14, this Nation once again witnessed a horrific tragedy that took place at a high school in Florida. Seventeen lives were taken at the hands of a gunman with way too much firepower. The horror and tragedy that shook the Florida high school should be an unimaginable event in our country. Yet, tragically, our Nation has lost too many loved ones at the hands of gun violence, to the point where we often see the same reaction: hand wringing, blaming going around, but nothing being done to stop the violence. The city of Philadelphia knows all too well the lives we have lost at the hands of gun violence. In 2017, we saw the city experience its largest homicide epidemic since 2012. There were over 370 homicides in Philadelphia, according to the data from the Philadelphia Police Department. And with the continuing scourge of gun violence in Philadelphia, last year I handdelivered a letter to Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro outlining our Commonwealth’s need to use all resources possible to advocate for commonsense gun reform. Since I handed that letter to the Commonwealth’s attorney general, we have had more heartbreaks in America, including the unspeakable tragedy at a church, a place of worship and refuge, in Texas, and the mass shooting in Las Vegas. Mr. Speaker, there is a gentleman who is our leader from our Caucus who will speak to this issue. He knows an awful lot about it. I have watched him in the short period of time I have been here: the Honorable JAMES CLYBURN  from the Sixth District. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative EVANS for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I proudly represent the Sixth Congressional District of South Carolina in this august body. This past week, I spent a significant amount of time throughout the district meeting with faith leaders as well as other communitybased organizations. And one of the things I kept hearing came from people who are particularly interested in whether or not this Congress will do anything to respond to this horrific problem that we have with guns. Of all the things that I find myself talking about, the one thing that bothers me most is the fact that we seem to be no longer safe in our most sacred institutions. I often quote Alexis de Tocqueville, who came to this country way back in the early 1800s seeking what he called the magic of this great country. He said that he went throughout the country looking at our institutions—educational institutions, legislative bodies—trying to find the magic of this great country. Alexis de Tocqueville said that he could not find it in any of these places. He said that it was not until he went into our churches and 
synagogues that he found the real magic of this great country. He said that he came to the conclusion that, in spite of all of the difficulties and challenges we had as a country, that America was great because Americans are good. And he went on to surmise that, if Americans ever cease to be good, America will cease to be great. It is kind of interesting that he came to that conclusion by visiting our places of worship. And tonight I want to remind the American people that that sacred institution has been violated time and time again. And on this question of gun violence, we remember the Emanuel 9: nine soulful Bible study pupils in the basement of their church, once again reestablishing the goodness of Americans. They had that goodness violated by a young man with a gun who sat among them for a full hour before opening fire, killing nine of them. Now, when we think about that incident and we ask ourselves how could such a thing happen, one of the things that we do know is that this young man was able to purchase a weapon, although under the law he was not eligible to make the purchase; but because of a loophole that we have in the law, a loophole that I have taken to call the ‘‘Charleston Loophole,’’ which says simply that, if the background check is not completed within 3 days, the purchase can proceed to conclusion. Now, the fact of the matter is, this gun was purchased in West Columbia. I don’t know whether or not this young man had enough sophistication about the law to give the wrong information about his address. but what we do know is that the wrong address was keyed in; and because it was keyed in, there was difficulty trying to get the information that was needed. b1945 By the time they found out the problem, the 3 days had expired, and the young man went back to get the gun, and, within days, traveled all the way from Columbia, South Carolina, down to Charleston. He picked this church because, he said, it was historic. He wanted to go into a historic Black church. Well, this month, the Nation has set aside time to honor the contributions of Black Americans. I can think of no way for us to better highlight what this month is all about than to, once and for all, close this Charleston loophole, to demonstrate to those nine AfricanAmerican worshippers, who were going about the business of helping to make this country great, going about the business of demonstrating the goodness of Americans, to have their lives snuffed out; I can think of no better way for us to honor their lives than for us to close this loophole. Tomorrow, I am going to come before this body with a discharge petition, because the legislation to close this loophole was filed in this body last July. It has been hanging around now for 8 months. I am going to ask all of my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to sign this discharge petition before the end of this Black History Month so that we can say to those souls: Rest in peace. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, may I ask the gentleman a question. If the gentleman could just talk a little more about that magic he talked about and how do we get there. Does the gentleman have any sense of how we get there? Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his question. I am sort of a history buff, and so I have spent a little time trying to find out what this country is all about. I also recall a great writer, George Santayana, once writing that if we fail to learn the lessons of our history, we are bound to repeat them. I believe that history should be instructive, and I think that that is what de Tocqueville was talking about in his writings. He really came to this country, from France, to study our penal system on that particular occasion, but he was enamored with this country because of its people. Now, the interesting thing about this, remember, the early 1800s when he came here, slavery was the law of the land, and he wrote about how contradictory that was to what he found in people’s hearts, the goodness that he found in people. So irrespective of what the challenges may be of the various institutions that we may have, the various legal issues that may come before us, the various legislative accomplishments we might make, irrespective of all that, there is a certain goodness in Americans that ought to be on demonstration at all times. I really feel that it will demonstrate that goodness if we can say to these nine souls that, just as Alexis de Tocqueville found in our places of worship, what the basic goodness about America is all about, that is what they were in pursuit of as they sat in the basement of their church, Emanuel AME, on Calhoun Street, Charleston, South Carolina, they were there perpetuating that goodness, and it was violated. I believe that this body can take a long step toward demonstrating how important that is by saying, in their memory, we are going to close this loophole so that their nine souls can rest in peace. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, you just heard the gentleman from South Carolina, in my view, lay out a very clear vision of what it should be like from an aspirational standpoint. Speaking of the leader of the Congressional Black Caucus leading the conscience of this body, the gentleman from the great State of Louisiana, he knows a little bit about that—from my understanding, there is legislation that he has—and that is Chairman C EDRIC  RICHMOND from the Second District of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ). Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for, once again, leading the Congressional Black Caucus’s Special Order hour, where we get to address the American people and talk directly to the American people about what it is that is going on in Congress, what we would like to do. Tonight is a very somber but important Special Order hour. We are talking about protecting American lives. It would not be Black History Month without a quote from Dr. Martin Luther King, a Morehouse graduate. He says: ‘‘At some point, silence becomes betrayal.’’ I want us to just think about that: silence becomes betrayal. When it comes to our communities being inundated with guns, this Congress has been far too silent. In fact, what we do is just take moments of silence, one after another, whether it is Virginia Tech, moment of silence; Sandy Hook, moment of silence; Pulse nightclub, moment of silence; First Baptist Church, moment of silence; Las Vegas, moment of silence; Mother Emanuel, moment of silence. So far in 2018, we have already seen 8,200 incidents of gun violence in America, including 34 mass shootings. These acts of violence have taken more than 2,200 lives. That is 2,200 families affected by gun violence. I would just say that it is time for Congress to do something, at least have the debate, but we ought not become coconspirators with the crimes that are being committed across this country. I know that many people will say: Hey, you all are in Congress, you all deal in theory. We deal in reality. Banning assault weapons wouldn’t have kept this kid from being able to buy an AR–15. Well, let me just tell you, that is not true. An AR–15 from the store ranges about $500 and $600. A kid could probably get $500 or $600, but during the days of the assault weapons ban, those guns, the street value became three times as much. So that means that $600 gun that he bought would have been $1,800. The question is whether he would have had access to get to that $1,800, whether good common sense would have prevailed before he got to $1,800, whether somebody would have caught on to his plan while he tried to get $1,800. At some point, we can’t not do anything because we say it wouldn’t have made a difference. The one thing I will say is it is amazing to see these young people rise up and speak out with one voice that they want something done. It is a sad day in America when our seniors can’t go to church without fear 
of gun violence, when families can’t go to the movies because of fear of gun violence, and when children can’t go to school because of fear of gun violence. We as a Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, have an obligation to this country to make sure that we protect people who are vulnerable. I don’t think it is too much to ask for both sides to come together and ignore the will of the National Rifle Association, but to listen to the people in our country who are demanding that we do something. When we start talking about background checks, assault rifles, highcapacity cartridges that go in these guns which allow people to shoot large amounts of people in a very short order of time, those guns—let’s just be clear, and I want Congressman EVANS to understand what we are talking about: nobody is talking about ending the Second Amendment. The right to bear arms is as fundamental and as protected as anything else in this country. However, when we start talking about AR–15s and these assault weapons and these automatic things, we are talking about weapons of mass destruction. We went to Afghanistan looking for weapons of mass destruction, when they are right here in this country. We don’t have to go to Iraq, we don’t have to go to Afghanistan. If you are looking for weapons of mass destruction, they are sold in our sporting goods shops all across this country, and they are being used to slaughter American citizens. So I would just ask, in closing, that at some point, silence is betrayal. As for me, because of my conviction, because of my conscience, and because I don’t lack any courage, I will not be silent. I would just urge this body that we can’t be silent anymore as weapons of mass destruction destroy our communities. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, before the gentleman leaves, being that this is the 50th anniversary of Dr. King’s assassination, I would ask the gentleman, to the point that he raises about the moments of silence, if we look back and look where we are today, are we any closer to addressing these moments of silence, because I hear frustration in his voice? Mr. RICHMOND. I am frustrated. I come from a funeral home family, and I know what it is like when people have to bury loved ones, and I know the natural order of things, because I have had to bury my father and my stepfather and my grandparents, who were—my grandfather specifically, who stepped in for my father when he died, but that is the natural order of things. Although my dad died when he was 32, it was of natural causes. Parents shouldn’t be burying children. Children shouldn’t be victims and shot in school. So the frustration comes because I know the pain associated. So when we start talking about the 2,200 people who were killed, that is 2,200 families that had to get up and hear the preacher say: Oh, pain may endureth through the night, but joy cometh in the morning. Well, joy is not going to come in the morning if the same thing keeps happening and Congress will not do anything about it, because that means those lives were lost in vain, and that is just as big a sin, in my estimation. I just think that we have to do something about it. It is one thing when the cameras are there and the family has the support at the funeral of all these people, the Congressperson comes, family comes, and says, ‘‘Oh, we are going to be with you, and we are going to support you and pray for you during this time,’’ but at the end of the day, that mother and father goes back to that house, and that kid’s room is empty. There are no words of comfort that we can give to that family when they walk by that room every night and it is empty because we let somebody with mental issues get their hands on an AR–15 and slaughter a bunch of kids in school. So if it sounds like I am upset, then you are right, because those parents shouldn’t have to pass an empty room. Every empty room that happens, my fear is that we are complicit by omission of letting it happen over and over again, and I don’t want that on my conscience. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. b2000 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for laying out that eloquent statement. Next is someone who is from the great State of Illinois, who, since I have been here, has been relentless on this issue, particularly from an inner city standpoint, an urban standpoint. I have watched her over and over again constantly stand up and make comments, and I wonder if she thinks anybody is listening, but I am going to give her that opportunity to say a few things here this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the Second District of Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague, Mr. EVANS , for yielding and for his leadership. I associate myself with the words of my colleagues who have already spoken. Mr. Speaker, I never tire in my call to end senseless gun violence. But I am emboldened this evening by the grassroots movement we have seen from the brave and bright students that survived the shooting at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, which took the lives of 17 of their classmates and teachers. These brave students remind me of the determined young people I have come to know in the Chicago area who have been calling for change. Mr. Speaker, I ask my Republican colleagues: Do you remember the terror you felt this past summer on the baseball diamond when you were senselessly attacked with a rifle? Do you remember the terror you felt as grown men? Now imagine being a teenager, without the protection of trained Capitol Police officers at your side, being senselessly attacked with an AR–15. Imagine being raised in a world where fear of being shot at school, on your block, or in a park was a daily reality. Countless daily shootings that do not make the news certainly don’t spur you to act. Losing 20 elementary school students didn’t spur you to act. A colleague suffering a severe brain injury didn’t spur you to act. You, yourselves, being the targets hasn’t even spurred you to act. In the aftermath of Parkland, our children have made one thing abundantly clear: If you do not act to end this senseless violence, America will replace you with bold leaders who will. The solutions are simple: mandatory background checks on all gun sales, including purchases online and at gun shows, and tightening the background check system; closing the loopholes; removing weapons of war from our streets; implementing gun violence protective orders; allowing scientists to study this issue for what it is, a public health crisis; and investing in programs that provide young people with hope so they put down guns and pick up pens, pencils, books and job skills; when appropriate, access to mental health. You cut the budget to mental health, yet you blame mental health as the reason these things are happening. None of these proposals are new. In my first term in Congress, I issued the Kelly Report, studying this issue, with each of these recommendations. I will gladly provide every Member of this House a copy. The solutions and the choice are clear. Will you stand up to the NRA? Will you even read my report? Our children are demanding it. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask just one question to the gentlewoman from Illinois, who has been speaking to this issue a lot. Does the gentlewoman have any sense of optimism of people hearing her in any way? Does she see any signs? I mean, she just ticked off some information. What are her thoughts about change around here? Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t be in this job if I wasn’t an optimist, believe me. I think people hear me. It is whether they are willing to act. There are bipartisan bills ready to go; bipartisan bills. Some bills are sponsored by Republicans, some by Democrats. They have a lot of cosponsors, but the leadership has to hear; the leadership has to want to do something. Actually, the leadership on both sides has been very, very silent, unfortunately. But I am hoping that the 
pressure will continue to be put on by everybody across this United States. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I have someone who I have had the utmost respect for. He smiles. I told him he could get elected in Pennsylvania. He is from the great State of Mississippi. I don’t want to shock the people of Mississippi. He is not leaving Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the Second Congressional District of Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania for yielding. I won’t be coming and running, though; but, nonetheless, I appreciate the kind words. I am going to talk in a little different direction than from most of the previous speakers. Mr. Speaker, as you know, I am a country boy. I live in the country. Hunting is a rite of passage for most people who live in the country. For the record, this past Friday, I hunted rabbit with three ministers, two deputy sheriffs, a county commissioner, and just a bunch of everyday people. But I don’t need an assault weapon to hunt rabbit with. So this notion that somehow an infringement on my Second Amendment right to bear arms is associated with a killing weapon, a weapon that was designed for war, a weapon that is designed to reap carnage in whatever environment that it is in—for those of us who hunt deer, who hunt ducks, who hunt pheasants, we look at this whole discussion and ask: Who are these people who want 30, 40, 50shot clips in a gun? What are they hunting? Those of us who are outdoorsmen, those of us who love the environment, we are not supportive of this notion that these kind of guns are made for outdoors. They are not. So it is a false premise, Mr. Speaker, that somehow my rights are being abridged. Now, as important with this is this notion that somehow we are not safe unless I own a gun like this. Well, the people that I hunt with, they have absolutely no problem applying for whatever license they are required to have to own their guns. They don’t have a problem with waiting so that they can clear up whatever question it is from the standpoint of owning a gun. They really don’t have a problem with saying gun shows should be outlawed because those are places where people sell guns, and sometimes there is a question about the legality of the guns they are selling. Background checks. You know, if I have to have a background check for financing of anything. Then why shouldn’t I have a background check to own a weapon? A bump stock. Now, until what had occurred in Las Vegas, most of us had never heard of a bump stock. I mean, it was just some kind of exotic thing you put on a gun to make it an automatic weapon. But, again, all those things, to those of us who hunt, that is not who we are. I marvel at some of my colleagues who probably couldn’t hit anything with a gun, but they want to stand up and defend people who buy assault weapons. I challenge them to come, get up at 4:30, 5 in the morning, and let’s go to the woods and let’s do what real hunters do. Let’s not just get on TV and brag about my Second Amendment rights, and then put on a $500 suit and go on downtown and don’t go to the woods. What we saw in Florida, it was absolutely tragic. Errors occurred. We need to fix it. But I dare to say—and I absolutely hope I am wrong—when the comments subside, I doubt that we will have any legislation brought forward to address this assault weapon problem we have in this country. I doubt that we will have any legislation brought forward to look at the loopholes associated with purchasing guns. I doubt that we will have the age limit raised on individuals purchasing guns. The will is not here. I wish my colleagues could man up, or woman up, and do the right thing. I am training my grandson, who is 12 years old, the right way to own a gun, to handle a gun, to do the things that are correct. He will have to go through gun safety classes before he gets his license. But more importantly is he understands that this weapon is either for sport or protection. But, you know, I don’t need an AR–15. I have deer rifles. I have shotguns. That is what sportsmen use. So all this killing that is going on is bad, and I really wish we would take the emotions out and say, let’s just get rid of these highpowered weapons that are killing machines. I could go on and on, but I won’t. But I can just say that it is a problem, and I don’t think the will is here in this body to address it. Every time a tragedy occurs, we take a moment of silence and we do nothing. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the gentleman, since I have never seen this thing called an AR–15, can he describe what this gun looks like? Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. This AR–15? Mr. EVANS. Yes. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Well, it is a weapon designed to kill. It is a weapon designed for war. My friends who are in law enforcement, I want them to have weapons like that to defend themselves here; but we have made these guns street legal, so there is the potential that our friends in law enforcement are going to run up on people who have guns as powerful, if not more powerful than they are. That gun is not made for hunting. It is not made for anything other than to kill. I want my soldiers who are fighting wars to have weapons like that. But, again, for us to try to stretch the margin, that that is a Second Amendment right to bear arms, it is not any arm. Again, it is a killing machine. And if anybody has ever had an opportunity to fire one, which I have, it is not accurate at all; but it will spray a lot of bullets out and will do some killing, like we just saw in Florida and a lot of other places. It is not who we are as a nation. We are a better people than that. But adults are going to have to do the right thing. Otherwise, the young people of this country will do it for us. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thought the gentleman gave a really clear sense of what the challenge is and what we face today. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 22 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, coming behind the gentleman from Mississippi, we have someone who knows a little bit about weaponry. She herself has a background. She was the police chief in Orlando. And since she and I are in the same class, I have learned a lot from her. b2015 And coming behind the gentleman from Mississippi, who laid some things out here, is someone who has run a police department, and she couldn’t be a better person for us to have come. I yield to the gentlewoman from the State of Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ), from the 10th District. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about an alltoofamiliar topic, and that is gun violence in America, mass shootings in the United States of America. A few days ago, I purchased a card of sympathy for the family of a young man who died way too soon. The card that I finally chose read: ‘‘I hardly know what to say.’’ When I think about yet another mass shooting in a country where, through ingenuity and determination, we have solved some of the world’s toughest problems and challenges but yet we have chosen to do nothing about mass shootings, I hardly know what to say. Mr. Speaker, you know last week a man used a semiautomatic rifle to brutally murder 17 children and educators in Parkland, Florida. Unlike past shootings, we have not just moved on. This is because of the survivors—not our generation doing something, but the children. It is because of them. You see, this generation believes that they can change the world. I mean, isn’t that exactly what we as parents taught them, that they can change the world? They believe in what President Obama called the audacity of hope. Not our generation, but the generation of our children and grandchildren. And they have stood up to declare what should be obvious to all of us: that every American should have the right to go to school, to go to church, 
to go to a mall, to go to a movie theater or a nightclub without being brutally murdered by someone with a gun, no less an assault rifle, which greatly diminishes their chances of survival. Sure, high school is tough for some children, but the worst our children should have to fear is whether they can make a friend in a new school or whether they will make the track team or whether the boy or girl they like will notice them in the hallway or in class. 150,000 American children have experienced a school shooting. That is not something a great society tolerates. That is something we change. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the strength, the courage, and the passion of these young people in Florida. Not our generation, but the teenagers. And I am also proud of previous survivors and activists who laid the groundwork for the movement that is growing across America. Survivors of the Pulse nightclub shooting have joined Parkland survivors to work for change. That shooting, which took place in my congressional district, was the second worst mass shooting in U.S. history, after Las Vegas. That is not the only mass shooting to torment Florida. In 2017, a man shot and killed five people at the Ft. Lauderdale airport. In 2013, a man shot and killed six people at an apartment complex in MiamiDade County. In 1990, a man shot and killed nine people in Jacksonville. According to the Gun Violence Archive, there have been at least 113 mass shootings, defined as four or more persons injured or killed, in Florida since 2013. Instead of simply waiting and responding to mass shootings, we should work to prevent them. We should work to prevent them. We should work to prevent them. As Orlando, Florida’s, former chief of police, my goal was to not merely save lives of those who experienced violence, but we tried to stop the violence from occurring in the first place. When we know better, we are supposed to do better. Some proposals may need more debate, some less, but let us have that debate. As a former law enforcement officer, our job was to enforce the laws and to protect the innocent. As a Member of Congress, our job is to create laws that protect the innocent. Well, Congress is failing at that job. The best gift, Mr. Speaker, we can give to our teachers and our students and to every American is to pass legislation that keeps deadly guns out of the hands of bad people. Thoughts and prayers are good. God will order our steps, but we have to move our feet. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask my colleague from Florida a question, since she talked about her law enforcement background. And she is correct, Congress is to make laws. This Presidential administration talks about being law and order. Is he really law and order and on the side of the police if this is happening and running amok? I mean, if you were police chief and you had that responsibility of protecting people—and we in Congress, as was stated by the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, the moments of silence. If you were on the front line again, you were out there, and you still know a lot of the people who are part of the police departments, how do you think the police departments feel when they are outgunned and the challenges that they have? Can you talk a little bit about that? Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, one of my biggest fears as a 27year law enforcement officer was that my officers, the officers who worked for me, the officers who swore that they would protect and serve, would find themselves in an active shooter situation where they would be outgunned. As I indicated earlier, the AR–15 and other weapons like it, if you are shot with one, your chances of survival are greatly diminished. As my colleague from Mississippi indicated earlier, the weapon is designed to create mass devastation. It was designed for the battlefield. And you are right; on the battlefield, we want our soldiers to take the enemy down as quickly as possible. But those weapons were not designed for our streets, for our neighborhoods where our children play, for our schools. If we are a great society, if we want to be the great Nation that we always talk about, then let’s do what is within our power as one of the most powerful bodies in the world. My 5yearold granddaughter’s kindergarten class had a moment of silence. I believe, as Members of Congress, we can do better than that. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have someone who, when I came here, I said I have to meet her. She is a very dynamic person. She is the Honorable BARBARA LEEfrom the 13th Congressional District of California, and I yield to the gentlewoman. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman EVANS for his tremendous leadership and his friendship, and I thank him for hosting this very important Special Order hour. His leadership in our caucus to fight the epidemic of gun violence in America is bold, it is visionary, and I thank him for calling us together tonight. Mr. Speaker, let me also just acknowledge my sister and colleague Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY , who spoke earlier. Congresswoman KELLY  chairs our Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust, and she continues to demand that gun violence be treated as the public health crisis that it is. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus to say enough is enough. The epidemic of gun violence in America must be brought to an end. Two weeks ago, the world stood in shock as yet another gunman massacred innocent students and teachers in an American school. The 19yearold killer legally purchased an AR–15 assault rifle and killed 17 students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. My heart goes out to the victims, their classmates, families, and the entire Parkland community. We must take action so that this never happens again. Newtown, Aurora, Charleston, Orlando, Las Vegas, and now Parkland, this is not normal in a civilized society. The United States of America is the only developed nation that experiences mass shootings with this level of frequency. This doesn’t happen anywhere else in the world. Of course, we know it is because the National Rifle Association can’t buy their votes in other countries, and the children’s lives come first. Speaker RYANand the Republicans in Congress have been bought by the National Rifle Association, making it easier for mass shootings to occur. Let me just say that mass shootings in public schools, unfortunately, are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to gun violence in America. Our communities, especially our urban communities, are war zones. On an average day, 93 innocent lives in America are cut short due to gun violence. This year alone, there have been over 8,200 incidents of gun violence in America, including 24 mass shootings. These senseless acts of violence have taken more than 2,200 lives already. I represent the 13th Congressional District of California in the bay area, which includes the city of Oakland, which has been brutalized by gun violence. Since 2014, 312 of my constituents have had their lives cut short by gun violence. Our community feels their loss every single day. Here are just a few of their names and tragic stories. Davon Ellis: Davon was a star football player and an excellent student at Oakland Tech High School. He was shot and killed while walking home from school. My nephew was walking with him when he was gunned down. Travon Godfrey: Travon was killed in 2016 while sitting in a car with his friends in front of his home. Every time I think about Travon, my heart breaks. Travon came to a town meeting that I held on gun violence in January of 2016. He was worried about coming to that town meeting, and he shared the toll that gun violence had taken on his life and that of his friends’ lives, yet he was determined to make a difference and finish school and go on to college. Less than a year later, on November 28 in 2016, Travon and his lifelong friend, Deante Miller, were shot and killed in broad daylight. Anibal Andres Ramirez: Anibal was Oakland’s youngest gun victim in 2017. He was only 13 years old and was shot outside of a community center. 
Francisca Martinez Ramirez: She was one of Oakland’s first homicide victims in 2018, killed by her husband during a domestic dispute. Sadly, these heartbreaking stories are all too familiar in communities across the country. More than 30,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year. Shootings now kill as many Americans as car accidents. Last year, there were 77 gun violence homicides in my home city of Oakland. b2030 Already this year there have been 12. This is only February, Mr. Speaker. How much bloodshed will we see this year? We need action and we need it now. We need to pass, of course, the bipartisan KingThompson legislation that strengthens background checks and keeps guns out of the wrong hands. And, yes, we need to reinstitute a ban on assault weapons to get these weapons of war out of our communities. We need to close the gun show loophole once and for all. Passing our assistant leader Congressman CLYBURN ’s legislation to close the 3day loophole to require background checks to be completed before you can buy a gun, that legislation is long overdue. That is common sense. At some point we have to stand up and say enough is enough and stand up to this NRA. Ninetyseven percent of Americans support some kind of gun violence prevention legislation. So that is why I am standing here tonight with my colleagues from the CBC demanding that the Speaker take action and bring commonsense gun legislation to the floor for a vote. Give us a vote, Speaker RYAN, give us a vote. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I think showing those pictures, if anything, should get our point across. I hope that those pictures will send a message to all of us. Closing out tonight—and I think all our colleagues really just summed up this gun violence issue—is someone who, again, I have known well and admired, the Honorable SHEILA JACKSON  LEEfrom the 18th District of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the distinguished gentleman from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for his leadership. I am delighted to join the Congressional Black Caucus this evening under the leadership of Chairman RICHMOND . As my colleagues have said, we have been, sadly, a leader on commonsense gun safety legislation, sadly, because many of our districts, although we represent the huge numbers of diverse Americans—our districts represent Anglos, African Americans, Hispanics, and Asians, and all economic backgrounds, all wealth backgrounds, all backgrounds dealing with religion—we are able to speak because many of our districts have the reality of gun violence. So I want to speak, Mr. Speaker, to a particular point that I have heard from the standeruppers of the NRA, particularly the president and CEO when he spoke to the conservative organization just this past week. I was certainly shocked to hear accusations about Democrats are socialists, even to the extent of calling out Members’ names, which I think patently rejects the comity and collegiality of recognizing democracy accepts two distinct parties and some other parties and respects differences of opinion. But let me be very clear on the record. No one Member of this body, nor the distinguished gentleman, can eliminate the Second Amendment. No group of 20 Members of Congress, no Republicans of Congress and no Democrats of Congress, can eliminate the Second Amendment. The Second Amendment is a constitutional amendment, and there is a decided practice of a percentage of Members of Congress and the percentage of Members of 50 States. With that in mind, let us clear the air. But if we want to know the truth, what is being fought is gun safety legislation, not gun eradication. In my State, you cannot rent a car if you are not 21. The Federal law says that you cannot buy a gun if you are not 21. I will be introducing legislation to raise the age of 21. I already have legislation, a 7day waiting period banning bump stocks, and, of course, dealing with automatic weapons. I know we are introducing one now. There are a multitude of introductions of bills and a multitude of decisions being made by the Florida delegation which we should listen to. I hope they will come forward in a bipartisan way. But let me talk about the children and parents. I was on the air today talking—or hearing that parents are hovering and scared of sending their children to school, and the children are scared. This last week I went into my schools where children were not only talking about not arming teachers, but the gunfire in their neighborhoods by handguns, or those who were in schools dealing with children who had steered in the wrong direction. Those children were talking about you got to pack. Gun culture doesn’t realize what we are turning our children into that they have got to pack. So from Las Vegas to Orlando, to Virginia, to Sandy Hook, to San Bernardino, to now Douglas High School, the question is: When are we going to act? An average of 1,297 children die annually from a gunrelated injury. A majority of Americans now support gun policy proposals, such as barring people with mental illness from buying guns. But let me make it very clear. I don’t label people who suffer from mental health issues. What I say is: Let us provide the resources for those individuals and clearly between mistakes of reporting what this young man had indicated, to mistakes on the local and Federal level, to mistakes on his mental health situation. We all can stand in blame. But they are adults. What the response has been from our good friends who are the gun advocates, so they say, has been to close their eyes, close their ears, and not sit down at the table of reconciliation. The gun manufacturers cannot continue to dominate the discussion of sensible gun legislation, from Gabby Giffords to the tragedies that I have listed, to children who are saying: I hover in my room, my bedroom, listening to gunfire in my neighborhood because the proliferation of guns is so extensive. So guns are being trafficked illegally because of the gun culture. There are many elements that will go into this. The Congressional Black Caucus has been at the forefront of changing that gun culture, as Congresswoman KELLY  has preached about, because of what happened in Chicago. I join her because what happens in our neighborhood is that our children are cowering over gun violence, period. No, arming our teachers is not the answer. Securing our school is; banning those weapons of war is; extending the timeframe is; lifting the age is; and getting the background checks to close the loopholes is. So I am asking this floor and this leadership, as we are doing good legislation on human trafficking, of which I will participate in tomorrow, that we put on the floor legislation of gun safety. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership tonight. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there are no words in the English language to fully capture the pain and suffering that a parent will endure in the face of losing a child. Imagine then the immense pain that the families of the 17 Americans who were murdered during a mass shooting at the Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida must be experiencing at this moment. Even worse, imagine how they must feel as our nation remains crippled by inaction in the wake of the senseless gun violence that continues to tear apart countless families and communities throughout our country. That is our reality today as Congress fails to act, once again, on commonsense legislation to reduce gun violence. We cannot allow the violence that we have witnessed at the Stoneman Douglas High School to become our new norm. More importantly, we cannot allow our inaction in the face of such tragic violence to also define what we can and cannot accept as a society. We are all too familiar with gun violence in the United States. There have already been over 8,200 incidents of gun violence in 2018 alone. This violence has claimed the lives of 2,200 individuals, upending the lives of countless friends and families who are impacted by these deaths. I am here to join my colleagues and countless Americans across our nation by declaring in one voice, ‘‘Enough is enough.’’ Our children deserve the right to an education without a cloud of fear in their hearts 
and the sound of gunshots ringing in their ears. The people of the United States deserve representation that works in the face of senseless violence to deliver real solutions that work for millions of Americans. We need solutions that include stronger background checks, while also providing the resources for states to contribute complete and timely records to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). We need solutions that reduce the proliferation of assault weapons on our streets, including highcapacity magazines, flash suppressors, and other accessories that enhance the lethality of firearms. More importantly, we need everyone to come to the table in a meaningful way that is not driven by fear or emotion so that we can deliver on the promises that we made when we took the oath of office. Mr. Speaker, I am calling for action. I am calling for action that is already long overdue, and I call for others to find the compassion in their hearts to also get this done. I call for the courage to make the difficult choices that we finally need to make. Our failure to act now is a failure of our leaders to do what is right, notwithstanding political affiliation or preference. I am calling for action and I am calling for action now. Enough is enough. 
THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FERGUSON ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material germane to the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I am here with Mrs. WALTERS from California, who is the cochair of the Tax Truth Squad. This has been an exciting first 14 months for me serving Michigan’s 10th Congressional District. I had the privilege of representing the freshman class in House leadership. Tax cuts and tax reform are important to me, as I grew up the oldest of seven kids in a family in which dad built trucks in a line and my mom worked full time more often than not to support our family. I saw firsthand the difficulties experienced to make ends meet and support that family. That is why I am committed to ensuring policies that create jobs, economic growth, and wages in the pockets of people who go to work every day and get a paycheck. Until last December, it seemed to be only a dream that we could achieve meaningful tax cuts and reform. It had been more than 30 years since that had been updated. Since that time, layers of rules and new additions to the Tax Code had grown that into a beast of 74,000 pages. You would have to be a wizard to know what was in it. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act addressed these problems and put more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans so they can make decisions about how to use their own money. Up until now we have talked about the possibilities and the dream of tax cuts and reform. Now we can talk about the realities of what tax reform is bringing to America. Representative WALTERS and I have organized a series of floor speeches that begin tonight a little later than originally planned. Each legislative week we have designated one or more States’ delegations that will join us and talk about tax reform, tax cuts, and the impact it is having on their constituents and their districts. Texas is kicking off that initiative tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS ), who is the cochair of the Tax Truth Squad. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding and for his efforts to share the stories of Americans who are seeing the positive impacts of tax reform. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to set the record straight on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. From day one, misinformation about the benefits of this historic tax reform plan have circulated. The truth is that Americans across the country are receiving bonuses, pay increases, and other benefits that are helping them support their families and save for their futures. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Michigan and I started the Truth Tellers Initiative on Tax Reform to highlight the many ways this bill helps the American people. Since December, we have witnessed the positive impacts of tax reform. Small businesses are expanding, jobs are being created, retirement and benefit packages are increasing in value, and the American people are keeping more of their hardearned paychecks. Over the coming months, Representatives from each State will have the opportunity to share how tax reform has helped their constituents. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, as we go through the evening, I will try to highlight some important components of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I think one of the most important components is the larger standard deduction. We have doubled the standard deduction from $12,000 to $24,000 for married couples. We created a simpler filing process. What we created was, in essence, a filing process where 90 percent of Americans can file their taxes on a form about this size, significantly better than the current Tax Code. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), who is a good friend, a colleague, and the gentleman who led us through the whole battle to achieve this epic change. Congressman KEVIN BRADY is the author of the legislation and a true champion for American taxpayers. He is the Representative of the Eighth District of Texas and the chairperson of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman MITCHELL and Congresswoman MIMIWALTERS for arranging this Special Order to highlight the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am excited to be joined by our Texas colleagues. Texas is a big winner, like many States, because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. They estimate it will create 81,000 new, goodpaying jobs in our State alone. But that is not just our State. You see huge job gains in California, New York, throughout the Southern States, throughout our Midwest area, and throughout our manufacturing regions. This historic tax reform is making a real difference for our families and our workers. We all know about tax relief for our small businesses, the first ever 20 percent small business deduction in history. The bill will be a writeoff on day one in new investment in plants, equipment, software, and technology. People know that we made our companies more competitive so they can compete and win all around the world, especially here at home. I get excited about what we did for families, lowering the tax rates at every level. So whether you made $20,000 or $520,000, you keep more of what you earn. We doubled the standard deduction so few people have to itemize. We doubled the child credit and quadrupled how many Americans can actually use it. For the first time, all middle class Americans are going to get help raising children. We are doing away with the AMT except for households up to $1 million. What that means next year is, instead of 5 million Americans getting caught up with that double tax, it is about 200,000, a fraction of what it is today. What I really love are the stories. I was in Home Depot the other day, on Sunday. Apparently, we are redoing our bathroom. So my wife was looking at samples, and a woman came up and introduced herself. Her name is Pam. She is a smallbusiness person. She redoes furniture, repaints, and all that, but she works at Home Depot to make ends meet. She introduced herself and said: 
Thank you. I get $184 more every paycheck. Maybe that couple thousand dollars doesn’t mean much in Washington, but for my family, it really means a lot. Thank you for that. 
Donald from Willis, Texas, saw the benefits of this law in his pay stub. He said: 
My Federal tax deducted from my paycheck went from 12 to 9 percent. Yes, I am very happy. 
Mr. Speaker, because of tax reform, Texans are excited for a strong and growing economy. Larry from Spring, Texas, said: 
As a 78yearold retiree working part time, even a small difference in takehome pay is 
welcome. I am delighted to see the spur to overall economic activity that should benefit all, locally and nationally. 
But most importantly, Justin met his bride in Mexico. They were married there. With all this new money he has because of our tax cuts, he plans to take his two kids to the same church where they were married to baptize them in the Lord, Jesus Christ. That is priceless. That has happened because of these tax cuts. A second story and face that comes to mind is a dear friend, Andres Novoa. He is the owner of a Fort Bend County icon, La Cocina Mexican Restaurant, right there off of Highway 357. He told me that the biggest benefit to his business is that he can pay his employees more—more money in their pockets. He can expand his business. He can get new equipment. He said the last 4 years of high taxes and the exploding regulations have caused a small retraction in his business. He is now in full expansion mode. He is giving his employees more pay and has plans right now to buy more equipment. And there is more. Andres is the heart and soul of an annual fundraiser for seniors’ Meals on Wheels in Fort Bend County. Every Cinco de Mayo, when Mexico celebrates their independence from France, he has a fundraiser at La Cocina. Last year, he raised over $60,000. With more money in his pocket, he thinks he can have a bigger party and maybe raise $100,000, or maybe purchase a new van to deliver food. This is a picture of Andres. He is smiling because he was talking with us about those amazing tax cuts. He is just one more picture. I invite America to check out Justin’s and Andres’ story at my website, my Facebook page, or on Twitter. Hear their voices. See them speak. Learn what they have learned. I will close with a request from Justin and Andres. They want me to say thank you to President Donald Trump and thank you to every Member of Congress who voted for this bill. This bill is not about crumbs. This bill is about real money in real people’s pockets. I invite everyone to come down to Houston, Texas, in Sugar Land, and get your boots shined at Houston Shoe Hospital. If you have some time, add another belt buckle, because you will get filled up at Andres’ restaurant, La Cocina. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for joining us. We were talking about some of the improvements in people’s lives that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has created. Over the weekend, I received a message from one of my constituents, Mark. I know him. He and his wife work hard. They don’t make a lot of money. 
But I got a nice note saying: Thank you so much. They met with their accountant about this year’s taxes and projected next year. He said they will have another $2,700 a year in their pocket that they will have to make decisions about fixing their house or maybe taking a little vacation up north. These are the things the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has done. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SESSIONS ), a good friend of mine who has been an instrumental Member in bringing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to the House floor. His work on behalf of the 32nd District of Texas and all Americans has certainly been recognized. He is also chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, tonight I join to talk and to thank the leadership of the Republican Party, who made a firm decision during the last elections that our party needed to stand for not only making America great again, but every single American who needed an opportunity to join in that endeavor. Tonight, I stand in this beautiful time that we discuss the tax bill that Republicans passed last year and talk about the effects of it and how much it has helped in America. I think a story needs to be told about what the goal of the tax bill was. Why did Republicans work so hard to move these ideas forward? The bottom line to it is Americans watched as the Democratic Party and President Obama not only had their control of the country, but economically, as the policies of the Democratic Party became more apparent to people, Americans and the world watched as America dwindled in economic activity and economic growth. This took place because of the policies that the President, President Obama at the time, brought forth and Congress passed: trilliondollar spending plans, trilliondollar increases in the budget, and talk of raising taxes another trillion dollars. What happened is, for some 8 years, there was GDP growth of about 1.2 percent. Mr. Speaker, that means, very plainly, that it would take about 70 years to double the size of our economy, which means that communities and States and companies and individuals lag behind as they would watch other cities and other countries and other people around the globe not only have economic activity, but opportunities that came to their doorsteps. IPOs, or initial public offerings, and all the acronyms that go with economic growth and development went overseas; they went other places. So Republicans began this discussion with the American people going into 2010 that said: We need to be careful about government spending, but, on the same side, what we need to do is to grow our economy. That is exactly the discussion that took place during the last Presidential election. So as soon as the election was over, Republicans began the process of not only making America great again, but doing it by empowering every single State and every single American to be a part of this growth. Essentially, there was a look at some $12 trillion worth of economic tax components. KEVIN BRADY , who is the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, from Houston, Texas—actually, Spring, Texas—was in charge, as the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, of looking at how we were going to move our economy forward. I call that pop. How we were going to take economic activity and, instead of perhaps helping an individual or a company or necessarily one particular part of the economy, we wanted where it would go and add pop or generationally develop more economic activity than just for a singular entity. b2100 And KEVIN BRADY , as the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, looked at some $5.6 trillion out of this $12 trillion and said: We need to take that and make that the engine of the economy. So a decision was made to move that directly to the free enterprise system. Mr. Speaker, it is the free enterprise system that stands as the greatest activity for freedom in the world, an activity that not only brings opportunity and investment and entrepreneurship, but more than that, wealth. It has brought wealth to the United States of America, a free enterprise system that is there to produce for anyone that chooses to be participatory in that environment—an opportunity to begin by investing your own money, by hard work where you show up at work, and having customers or consumers that go and generate economic activity, and that is what America has been, and that is what we were slowing down. The engine of that economy was slowed down because our predecessors, not only in the Presidency but also our friends who are Democrats, believed that they would engage the free enterprise system in such a way that did not allow it to grow, did not allow it to expand, and did not allow itself to build. So what KEVIN BRADY did, as chairman of the Ways and Means, was propose a tax bill that would take $5.6 trillion worth of tax components and move it directly to the free enterprise system. By moving it to the free enterprise system, we reduced taxes. We reduced taxes from the 37 percent range for corporate down to 21 percent. What does that do? Well, that takes America, an American business as seen by the world, from 24th in the world to number one. So instead of us being what might be on a list of 24th place of easytodo business, that was generating not only goods and services, but was the ease of doing business with, that people wanted to be a part of, that has taken us to first in the world. That means that America will begin building back not only jobs and job creation, but it will build back with the intellectual capacity to build the newest, finest ideas and products that the world needs for tomorrow because America will be a place that is not only easy to do business but is less priced, and because we can be less priced, we can become the products of choice all around the world. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to say: This is working. This is working to take America not only where they are in first place, but it means Americans and American companies can be in the same position. As a Member of Congress from Dallas, Texas, I have an opportunity to see firsthand not only how this impacts people and companies but how it impacts the workers. And it wasn’t but 2 weeks ago when I was at what was called the National Write Your Congressman, which is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Randy Ford is their President; and Randy gave me good news. He said that of the small businesses that they had talked to, that they believed that 74 percent of small business owners expected revenues to be higher in 2018, and even higher the next year, which meant that they felt positive about not only economic growth but, more importantly, their companies. I also visited Texas Moving Company, which is a family owned business of some 40 years old that is in Richardson, Texas, and they told me, point blank, that as a result of us making sure that we would reduce the cost of doing business by reducing taxes, that they had increased their driver’s pay by over $2,400. That means that it does come directly to the employees that are able to have not only more takehome pay, but they are able to know that they can fall into more easily knowing that they may take a parttime job to a fulltime job, a fulltime job to a career, and a career as an opportunity to make sure that they better the lives of not only their family but their children also in their community. And this is why Texas Moving Company made a decision then, as they saw this money that they would have; they made a determination that they would increase their employees by $2,400, but they also increased their health insurance reimbursement to where they now pay $3,484 a year to help their employees to pay more of their healthcare costs because they can do that on a pretax basis. Mr. Speaker, it is all these things that the Republican majority has done. When others said it would simply be crumbs or unimportant, we said we are going to focus on making America great again; and when you do that, you will find that you not only make America great, but you make Americans and their families greater also. Mr. Speaker, this is why we, as Texans, stand up not only as proud Members of the Congress, but also as proud Americans who say: We want to make 
sure that everybody, no matter where they live in the United States, that they would be a part of making their city, their State, their company, and their family even stronger. I appreciate Mr. MITCHELL allowing me to be here tonight. It is my hope that the discussion that we have with the American people and the Chair, Mr. Speaker, that you will recognize that if we are going to do this, it will mean that we are going to have to understand it is not up to government to make this work; it is up to the American people. We are giving them the tools in this tax bill, and I think they will do the right thing for everybody. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding to me this evening. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. SESSIONS joining me tonight. As I said, along the way, we are going to highlight some aspects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Real quickly, I want to outline that up to $24,000 of a married couple’s income is taxed zero. There is no tax on that. We continue to allow families to write off State and local taxes, up to $10,000. We help families with children in taking care of their loved ones by doubling the child tax credit and preserving the child and dependent tax credit, while also preserving the adoption tax credit, all critical things to families and helping support families through the Tax Code. Mr. Speaker, I next yield to the Congressman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee with decades of experience in job creation and providing opportunity for economic growth. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Today, I rise with my fellow Texas colleagues to share some examples of how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping hardworking Texans and their families. Our bold progrowth tax reform bill was signed into law just 67 days ago. Since then, more than 4 million Americans have seen some combination of a wage boost, a bonus, or enhanced employee benefits. Businesses with footprints in the 17th Congressional District, the district that I am honored to represent, such as Apple, Best Buy, Cognizant, CVS, FedEx, Home Depot, Lowe’s, Starbucks, UHaul, UPS, Walmart, Waste Management, and Visa have passed on some of the savings that they are getting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act on to their employees. Additionally, we know that there are plenty of other small and large businesses in Texas that are doing the same. Another great example of the benefits to central Texas families is Oncor Electric, which serves about 3.4 million homes and businesses in Texas, including seven counties in the 17th Congressional District. They have agreed to return all of the tax cut benefits to their customers in the form of lower energy bills. Now that Federal tax withholding tables have been updated to reflect the lower tax rates, many Texans are taking home bigger paychecks. In the 17th Congressional District, a typical working class family of four will see a tax cut of $1,885. This very welcome influx of cash helped central Texans have a chance to save and a chance to get ahead. I am also proud to represent a district that includes a significant footprint of Texas’ best research institutions, including Texas A&M University, Baylor University, and the University of Texas at Austin. Our new progrowth tax system provides support for graduate students by continuing to exempt the value of reduced and free tuition from taxes. This is something that I fought hard to preserve so that we can continue to have the best and brightest students as they educate and pursue important research initiatives in the 21st century and in the State of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is doing exactly what we set out to do, which is to help create more jobs, bigger paychecks, and fairer taxes for hardworking American families. I thank the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ); the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ); and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, for leading this great discussion tonight on the positive changes that have been brought about through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I look forward to learning more about, and sharing, these important success stories with the citizens from my district. As I close, I ask that all Americans continue to pray for our country during these difficult times, for the families of the victims in Florida, the recent Florida shootings, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us at home. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I continue with the discussion of the impact to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act by introducing a colleague on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the defender of a strong rural economy, representing the 36th District of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Congressman BRIAN BABIN. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative PAULMITCHELL for this opportunity to talk about our historic tax cut legislation and the great benefits that are flowing to small businesses and the tens of millions of Americans who work for them. This is especially true in the great State of Texas and the nine counties that I represent from Houston to the Louisiana State line, which has more petrochemical refining facilities than any district in the entire United States, and their employees benefitting from lower taxes. But the gains and the headlines that we have seen say so much more than that. The gains extend far beyond just employees benefitting from lower taxes. I am also hearing from hundreds of individuals and families about how their tax bills are being cut and what they plan to do with their larger paychecks. ExxonMobil has announced a $50 billion investment in its U.S. operations and employees over the next 5 years. Walmart has already boosted hourly wages and provided employees with a bonus. Boeing, Incorporated, has announced $300 million in employeerelated investments and charitable giving. Let’s break this down even further to the stories that aren’t making the headlines of major papers but which are improving lives and growing businesses all across southeast Texas. Juan and Leigh both owned small businesses in Houston and were able to hire additional employees with the money that they are saving from their tax cuts. That is putting Americans to work immediately. Amy in Polk County shared with me that she was able to purchase new equipment to run her business much more efficiently. Helen in Tyler County took her tax savings and plowed it back into her business to help it grow. Julie in Orange shared that she will save enough from the tax cuts to purchase a larger inventory for her business. Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and I am hearing story after story just like this about small businesses growing and hiring our friends and our neighbors. The individual tax rate cuts are making a huge difference for east Texans as over 90 percent of Americans are getting a tax cut. Robert from Highlands wrote to tell me that he is using his tax savings to help his daughter get a college degree. Alan in Houston has decided to put his tax cut into savings for his retirement. Ms. Drake is now able to buy a new stove, while Justin from Harris County is paying down credit card debt. Scott is using his savings to help him buy a brand new home. Mr. Woods told me that with his tax savings, he is spending it on his wife. He may be the smartest of us all. The tax cuts are even helping in Hurricane Harvey recovery. Judy from Orange County shared with me how the tax cuts have enabled her to replace household items destroyed by Hurricane Harvey, and Jason from Baytown is able to now repair his home. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making a real difference in the lives of our friends and our neighbors in southeast Texas and all across this Nation. b2115 These decisions add up to tens of billions of dollars of investments in our economy, in small businesses, in education, and in the improvement of our lives. Tens of millions of Americans are seeing lower payroll deductions resulting in bigger paychecks, more retirement savings, bigger family budgets, 
and relief at every level. This tax cut bill is benefiting families, job creators, and our economy. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Michigan, Mr. PAUL MITCHELL , for giving us this opportunity to speak about this wonderful historic tax package. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. BABIN for joining us this evening. Congressman BABIN talked about the impact on small businesses. Many businesses in his district are what are called passthroughs—they are family businesses. For the first time ever, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides the ability for small businesses to deduct 20 percent of their income and tax it at a much lower rate—at 25 percent—to allow those businesses to grow. It also allows those businesses to immediately write off the full cost of new equipment, rather than expense it or amortize it over 7 years, because money out of their pocket now means it is real money out that they can’t wait for 7 years to get back to the Tax Code—significant differences allowing businesses in my district and throughout the country to invest in growth. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), my colleague representing the 14th District of Texas, with extensive realworld experience in the private sector through his own small business. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. MITCHELL for yielding. Mr. Speaker, tonight, the Texas delegation comes before the American people to say that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is working. It is making a positive impact on our paychecks and our lives. This bill is making a big difference— not just crumbs—it is making a big difference. Mr. Speaker, Ronald Reagan once said: ‘‘ . . . whenever we lower the tax rates, our Nation is better off.’’ President Reagan was on to something. Mr. Speaker, in just over 2 months— listen to these astounding statistics— in just over 2 months, 350 companies have announced more than $3 billion worth of bonuses. That benefits over 4 million Americans. The success of this bill spans from coast to coast and across all industries, both large and small, and across Democrat and Republican, I might add, Mr. Speaker. During the week, I hear the success of this bill as companies make their various announcements. Then, on the weekends, when I am back home and out in the district, I have people coming up to me, telling me about the great things this bill is doing for them, their families, and their businesses. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making a big difference. Everyone has a story to share. Paychecks are bigger. There are more opportunities. Student loans don’t seem as daunting. A new car seems within reach. Sports equipment for their children is reasonable. That family vacation they have been saving for now is on the verge of reality. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of small businesses in the 14th District of Texas. I used to be one of them, as Mr. MITCHELL alluded to. Those small businesses support the community in more ways than one. One, in particular, in my district has announced benefits from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and that is Hawkins Lease Service in Alvin, Texas. Jay and Adrienne Hawkins are great friends, great business people, and great patriots. Jay let me know the other day that they recently gave each of their employees a $1,000 bonus. Let me repeat that: it is $1,000. If I remember correctly, Jay said they have 120 employees. Now—do the math—that is $120,000 put back into this economy, Mr. Speaker. That is far from crumbs. If you ask me, that will make a huge difference. ExxonMobil announced they were expanding their Permian Basin project. This expansion alone will create thousands of jobs, strengthen the economy, and bolster energy security, and national security, I might add. The Permian Basin is a bit of a drive away from us on the coast, but the increased production will provide lowcost supply and feedstocks to their operations throughout the State, including ExxonMobil’s plant in our very own district, in Beaumont, Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to tell you that there was something my dad taught me: if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. I will tell you what, he also taught me: if it is broke, you better fix it, and fix it we did. My hat is off to KEVIN BRADY —what a great job he did—also, to Mr. MITCHELLand Mrs. W ALTERS for heading up this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY for shepherding this bill through. We couldn’t have done this without him. I also thank Congressman MITCHELL and Congresswoman W ALTERS for hosting this tax reform Special Order. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ), from the 19th District of Texas, who is a member of the Budget Committee. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ), for hosting us and giving us the opportunity from the great State of Texas to talk about all of the positive effects of this recent tax reform and tax relief for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have helped pass this historic tax relief for the American people and deliver on a promise that we would grow this economy, we would create jobs, and we would improve the overall quality of life for all Americans. I represent hardworking, Godfearing, freedomloving people in rural west Texas. They produce the food, fuel, and fiber for this great country. They feed and clothe the American people, and they fuel this great American economy. The burden of high taxes and regulations hurt all of our job creators, but they have a disproportionate negative impact on the little guys in rural America. Our small businesses, our community banks, our family farmers and ranchers are independent energy producers. I can say with great confidence—having been back to the district, having talked to numerous people from all over those 29 counties I represent in the broad swath of land in west Texas—this tax cut and reform package is proenergy, it is proagriculture, and it is prorural America. Back in my district, we hosted some roundtables with small businesses and chambers of commerce. We had various events that I participated in. We even conducted surveys. According to our survey, over 80 percent of the people I represent say that this tax reform package has helped everybody. At one of our roundtable events, we had a veteranowned agribusinessman who said that he had had 600 new customers this January over last year. He said that the effects of that was that he converted some of his parttime workers to fulltime workers and gave folks a raise. At the Happy State Bank, the employees are happy, and there are happy days for that organization because they are saving $5 million and plowing it back into their human capital. Six hundred out of 700 of Happy State Bank employees will receive an increase in their pay and benefits. Some will receive over a 50 percent pay increase. Now, this is not crumbs to the folks whom I represent in west Texas. This is real cash in the pockets of real Americans who work hard every day to make ends meet. There has been a change in west Texas, and, for once, it is not the weather. There is a renewed optimism. You can hear it in their voices; you can see it in their faces. Mr. Speaker, we are witnessing a great American comeback, and the formula hasn’t changed from the beginning of this great experiment. Limit the government and you will unleash the limitless potential of the American people. God bless America, and go west Texas. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, Mr. ARRINGTON referenced some of the changes in Texas in some of the important improvements in the business climate as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Southwest Airlines and American Airlines both chose to give bonuses to their employees of $1,000 each shortly after passage of this bill and signed by President Trump. A surprise we hadn’t anticipated was lowering electricity bills. Both in north Texas and in my district back in Michigan, there were massive cuts in utility rates as a result of lowering taxes—not something that we thought about or bargained for at the time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) until no later than 10 p.m. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for such great words of encouragement. I was hearing it all across east Texas as I was all over the district this past week. People are encouraged when it comes to the economy. People are feeling better about the economy. I am hearing it. They are encouraged, but after yet another school shooting, another mass shooting, I am hearing more and more people who are asking: Why? Why is this? Of course, some say, you know, the United States is the only place that mass shootings occur. Of course, that is just false. There are worse mass shootings in other parts of the world. Some say if we get rid of all guns in the country, then we could end the senseless violence, but when you try to tell that to people who were in Rwanda during the period when 800,000 people or so were slaughtered with machetes for the most part, it goes beyond the question of the weapon. We have seen airplanes used as bombs for the worst mass execution in our country’s history. Of course, Pearl Harbor, bombs were used, bombs themselves. We know in Oklahoma City, apparently it was anhydrous ammonia, fertilizer. We have seen the Boston bombing utilizing pressure cookers. So if the answer is to get rid of the weapons, we got to get rid of airplanes. We got to get rid of rental trucks. We 
got to get rid of fertilizer. Pressure cookers have got to go. Machetes have got to go. Once you start listing the things by which people with evil intent have killed others, you realize this is an endless list. There are people who have exacted violence on others all kinds of ways. There is nothing more senseless and ignorant. And I don’t mean that mean spirited. I mean that everybody is ignorant of something; some are just ignorant of a lot more things. But the statement that, ‘‘I just want Congress to do something even if it is wrong,’’ well, that is how you lose civilizations, by doing something even if it is wrong. But there are plenty of indications, things that we can do, things we can agree on. It seems absolutely senseless that a school would know about a student who is repeatedly involved in violence, threats upon other students, threats upon other people, but actually not just threats, actual violence. We want to look into this to see if this is really a national phenomenon that some of our schools, to avoid having students continue to be arrested, that they actually try some mediation process so they avoid giving a 17, 18yearold student an arrest record, which once they have an assault that is confirmed in court, then certainly that would affect their ability to get a gun at all of any kind. So, actually, when you start analyzing all of the ways that the system broke down and didn’t work, the things that should have protected those precious lives in Parkland, Florida, instead of saying, ‘‘Just do something even if it is wrong,’’ how about if we do something that is right? How about if we do something that would actually prevent that kind of senseless violence from being exacted upon innocent people? I mean, we got a sheriff that I don’t know what kind of a department this guy is running. I know when there was a shooting involving a domestic case— and until terrorist activities and mass shootings started occurring, most often if there was violence at a courthouse, it was over a domestic affairs case. I saw the video. I was already in Congress. I was no longer sitting on the bench in that courthouse, but I saw the video. And as soon as there were gunshots, those deputies—I knew them; I loved them—were running to the sound of the gun. They didn’t hunker behind anything. They ran to the sound of the gun. And that has been repeated around the country. Law officers hear a gun and they run to the sound of the gun. But, apparently, it appears from what we are reading, that the sheriff there had a department that is living in pre Columbine days. Just like before 9/11, it was thought that if your plane is highjacked, just don’t create a problem; there will be negotiations when you land somewhere. I still believe to this day there were American heroes on all four of those planes; and if the first three planes had known they were going to be used as a bomb to kill others, there were Americans that would have stepped up and stopped it just like those incredibly heroic Americans did who brought down the plane in Pennsylvania. So I don’t think it will ever happen again. There will always be people who love this country and love life so much that they would give theirs to save so many others. That is what Jesus said is the greatest love, and clearly the fourth flight had that. But here is a story from the Florida Sun Sentinel. It is entitled ‘‘School shooter Nikolas Cruz: An unending saga of disturbed behavior and red flags,’’ written by Brittany Wallman, Paula McMahon, Megan O’Matz, and Susannah Bryan. They document that he did things like—well, of course, we know apparently he didn’t know his father. He knew his adopted father. Of course, his adopted father and mother had died. Apparently they had a wonderful home, swimming pool, lots of comforts; but he didn’t have a moral compass at all. Apparently he threatened his mother, threatened his brother, violence on his brother. At least threatened violence on his own mother. We know from this article, at least, it says the adopted father, Mr. CRUZ, didn’t own any guns. But Nikolas was diagnosed as having a string of disorders: depression, attention deficit, hyperactivity disorder, emotional behavior disability, and autism. His mom told the sheriff’s deputies he also had obsessivecompulsive disorder and anger issues. He had counselors in school and at home, according to DCF records. He took medications. We don’t know what all medications he took. Maybe there was some relationship there. We ought to be able to discern how many of these people have taken different types of drugs and which ones they were. We know there seems to be a correlation between people committing suicide and many of the medications that are prescribed to kids who feel troubled. This article says that Nikolas was a mama’s boy, yet he threatened his mother. His mother called the police to say he got physical with his brother and with her. It sounds like a physical assault on his mother. My late mother was close to 5foot. I was a lot bigger than she was in high school, but, whew, I knew not to even think about raising a hand. When he was 14, his mother reported he had hit her with a plastic hose from a vacuum cleaner. A few months later, she told deputies he had thrown her against the wall because she took away his Xbox gaming system. A year later, she told deputies Nikolas had punched the wall after she took away his Xbox. Foul language, insults, disobedience, disruption. Cruz’s behavior was exactly what schoolteachers frowned upon. He went to a different school for a while which offered a program for emotionally and behaviorally disabled children, but, according to the article, Cruz could not control himself. Now, it talked about in the article that he was 5foot7, 120 pounds. I know a lot about being bullied up through junior high, up through eighth grade, because I was very small. I didn’t start growing of any size until high school. I may have been the smallest guy on our football team the first couple of years in high school. I know a lot about getting bullied. I know a lot about getting my nose bloodied. I never killed anybody. b2145 I had parents that would make all four of us kids quite angry, but they taught us respect of authority. They disciplined us, and they made sure we were in Sunday school and church every week. It looks like the school and the community and the sheriff’s office all helped Ms. Cruz and Nikolas—and I use ‘‘helped’’ loosely—avoid having a criminal record that would have prevented him from having a gun and would have prevented him from killing 17 people. At least, it would be a whole lot more difficult without a gun like he had. But they all worked together, unknowingly. Of course, it was not intentionally. They thought they were helping him. And what they were doing, what was coming down the road, was a disaster of massive proportions. We do need to do something that prevents this in the future. Some say, well, it is time to end the personal transfer loophole, so a father can’t give a son a weapon. Well, perhaps if Nikolas’ father had taught him—I have got a friend from Florida I was visiting with this weekend, and he said the worst whipping that he ever got was when he pointed a gun, his grandfather’s gun, at his brother. He never did that again. I am not advocating violence on kids. I know the Bible says: 
Foolishness is bound up in the heart of a child, but the rod of correction will drive it far from him. 
But as a judge, a felony judge, I have seen kids be abused beyond propriety that justified criminal penalty. But we could take some action, it would seem, that would prevent entities, whether it is the Air Force, whether it is the Broward school system, the Broward County Sheriff’s Office, from preventing someone from avoiding appropriately having a criminal record that would prohibit them getting a gun. That way, we are talking about something that would prevent this same thing from happening. When it comes to the personal transfer of weapons, as John Locke was saying the other day, in over 100 years, there has not been a mass shooting that involved a gun received in a personal transfer, whether it is from father to son, friend to friend. 
Of course, if there is somebody at a gun show who is not having a background check and they are selling more than one weapon there, there is a good chance they are committing a crime. It is not a loophole at a gun show. Anybody that is there selling guns needs to have the background check done, and they do. And you can’t get the gun until it has gone through a proper background check, and you get it from someone who ensures that everything is followed. I had won a gun at an auction some— I have heard some people say, yeah, we have got to stop that, too, getting a gun at an auction. I had to go through the background check. I had to pick it up at a store. I felt sorry for the store. But there are stores that sell guns that are constantly having to clear somebody who bought it online, because you cannot pick up that gun until the background check is done, and you go to someone who has ensured the background check is done and then get the weapon. So that seems to be something we could do. And then we were talking to some of our Freedom Caucus tonight, and unlike the nofly list, where the Obama administration would not tell us how you got on it and would not give us any idea of how you appeal, how you get off—we would plead for some people who were lawabiding and shouldn’t have been on there. Sometimes they get off; sometimes they don’t. But we, as Congress, House and Senate, need to pass a bill that sets up a due process where, if you are on the no fly list, you can appeal and get off. We ought to make it where, if you had been guilty of assaults, whether in school or in the home, as Nikolas Cruz was, or whether it is in public, that ought to prevent you from getting a gun. Of course, domestic situations, things often get so heated. I have seen terrible charges alleged against a father or mother during the course of a divorce, and that is something the State legislature could deal with. If it involves some Federal entity, it is something that we can deal with and say this is how you could appeal and get an unjust decision blocking a gun purchase. But we also know that those people who say, hey, there have been 3 million or so people who shouldn’t buy guns who have been blocked from buying guns, well, they don’t know the rest of the story. The rest of the story is there aren’t but just a few dozen people who get prosecuted out of 3 million. Someone told me yesterday it was only a few dozen of the 3 million who are ever prosecuted for improperly filing for a gun. There may have been 3 million people denied, but it turns out there were mistakes because of the ways in which the names are checked. Do you really want to get to the bottom line, Mr. Speaker? John Adams was President in 1798. Some of these very issues kept coming up. The people who founded this country, they were better read than most students are today even after college. And even those who didn’t believe the Bible, they quoted it. In fact, in this very room and in the room right down the hall where the United States House of Representatives met for the majority of the 1800s, the Bible, during sessions, was the most quoted book in our history. In here, in that room, in the Senate down the hall, the Old Senate, the current Senate, the Bible is the most quoted book in our history, and there would seem to be good reason. Within the Bible, itself, you find the words: 
For the Word of God is living and powerful and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the division of soul and spirit. It is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. 
But John Adams was President after two terms under President George Washington, under our current Constitution. He knew precisely what the Constitution said. He knew how it had come about. He was Vice President, President of the Senate when the Bill of Rights was created. He was part of that process. Yet John Adams explained, President John Adams explained, in 1798, the bottom line, that people in this country have got to understand, if we are going to address the kind of violence that has sparked around this country. John Adams explained it. His words were more than prescient. They are perpetually true as long as we are operating under this Constitution. As he said, knowing, having read many times every word of the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, having helped generate this Bill of Rights, he knew what they were. But he said: 
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. 
You want to know where the answer is? If people are going to be safe in America, we have a choice. We either start anew, teaching morality, teaching that there is a right or wrong, that not everything is relative, and even if those who don’t believe there is a God don’t want to hear about it, it is okay to talk about God. You don’t have to believe it. Look at Jefferson’s words. He made clear—of course, it always amazed me how he could put the biggest grievance in the original declaration against King George was ever allowing slavery. So on the one hand, he could see the problems created for America by ever allowing the inhumanity of man to man, but he talked about the best hope being the teaching of Jesus, that we should be teaching, the best hope for America. But if we are going to be safe, we have got to teach morality, encourage religion, not force secular humanism, hedonism on America. It is okay to talk about it. It is okay to teach about it. In fact, the studies I saw as a felony judge repeatedly indicated the best hope of cutting recidivism of criminals is if they go through an intensive Christian Bible study in prison. So afraid of talking about the Bible, so afraid of talking about Christianity. There is no official religion in this country, but, as the Supreme Court said at the end of the 19th century, this is a Christian nation. Not everybody was Christian, of course, but it was founded on JudeoChristian beliefs. It was founded on the Bible. And that is the reason Moses’ full face is up there in the middle, because he was felt to be the best lawgiver in the history of the world. Obviously, the Supreme Court doesn’t think so much anymore. We have a choice: teach morality, encourage religion, or, in order to be safe, we have got to give up the Second Amendment. We have already given up parts of the Second Amendment in a part of it. We have given up part of our freedom of assembly. We have given up part of our freedom of speech. We have given up a big hunk of freedom of religion, because this Constitution was only meant to govern a moral and religious people. And unless we are willing to start teaching morality again, we have no hope of being safe under the current Constitution. I pray to God, and prayers can work. God will hear from Heaven. I pray to God that people will wake up and we won’t have to discharge different parts of our constitutional rights in order to remain safe. I look at the interior of this Bible that belonged to my uncle. It is a New Testament. On the front, engraved in the middle ‘‘May the Lord be with you.’’ He had it in World War II. But inside, at the top, it says: ‘‘The White House, Washington. As CommanderinChief, I take pleasure in commending the reading of the Bible to all who serve in the Armed Forces of the United States. Throughout the centuries, men of many faiths and diverse origins have found in the Sacred Book words of wisdom, counsel, and inspiration. It is a fountain of strength and now, as always, an aid in attaining the highest aspirations of the human soul’’—signed, Franklin D. Roosevelt. That is not a mistake that President Roosevelt made. It needs to be one we don’t make either. I yield back the balance of my time. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, February 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 805. A bill to authorize the conveyance of and remove the reversionary interest of the United States in certain lands in the City of Tulare, California (Rept. 115–579). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 835. A bill to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument (Rept. 115– 580). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4134. A bill to redesignate the White Clouds Wilderness in the Sawtooth and Challis National Forests in the State of Idaho as the Cecil D. Andrus White Clouds Wilderness in honor of former Idaho Governor and Secretary of the Interior Cecil D. Andrus (Rept. 115–581). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 747. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4296) to place requirements on operational risk capital requirements for banking organizations established by an appropriate Federal banking agency, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4607) to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal financial regulators perform a comprehensive review of regulations to identify outdated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory requirements imposed on covered persons, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–582). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 748. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1865) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual exploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–583). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 5085. A bill to repeal the section of the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 that requires the Federal Communications Commission to reallocate and auction the TBand spectrum; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself and Mr. WEBSTER of Florida): H.R. 5086. A bill to require the Director of the National Science Foundation to develop an ICorps course to support commercializationready innovation companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined 
by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Mr. BERA, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. FOSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Mr. HOYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. KILMER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. LOEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. LYNCH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. MOORE , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. NADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. NEAL, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. NORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. PANETTA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. PAYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. POCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. RICHMOND , Ms. ROSEN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. S OTO, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. WALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. YARMUTH , and Ms. P ELOSI ): H.R. 5087. A bill to regulate the importation, manufacture, possession, sale or transfer of assault weapons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 5088. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the transfer of a semiautomatic assault weapon to a person under 21 years of age, and to prohibit the possession or ownership of a semiautomatic assault weapon by such a person, with exceptions for active duty military personnel and fulltime law enforcement employees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5089. A bill to improve threat information sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. B ASS, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. S OTO, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 5090. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a Federal firearms licensee from selling or delivering certain semiautomatic centerfire rifles to a person under 21 years of age, with exceptions for active duty military personnel and fulltime law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 5091. A bill to require the head of each agency to submit a report with respect to nonessential employees after any lapse in appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 5092. A bill to conduct or support further comprehensive research for the creation of a universal influenza vaccine; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5093. A bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adoption on the economy of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana): H.R. 5094. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to improve suspicious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 5095. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to improve access of veterans to cancer treatment at nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5096. A bill to establish a grant program to assist States to establish or expand universal prekindergarten in public schools and public charter schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5097. A bill to amend title 38 and title 5, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and other officials of the Department of Veterans Affairs to receive health care from the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 5098. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to improve the notification to Congress of the hospitalization of combat wounded members of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself, Mr. ENGEL , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ERA, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. K EATING , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. S CHNEI DER, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. SUOZZI , Ms. T ITUS, and Mrs. T ORRES ): H. Res. 749. A resolution calling upon the President to exercise relevant mandatory sanctions authorities under the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act in response to the Government of the Russian Federation’s continued aggression in Ukraine and forcible and illegal annexation of Crimea and assault on democratic institutions around the world, including through cyber attacks; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. E LLISON , and Ms. LOFGREN ): H. Res. 750. A resolution expressing support for the designation of a ‘‘Prisoners of Conscience Day‘‘; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 751. A resolution calling on Congress to enact a new preclearance formula for the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and condemning voter suppression laws enacted by States and political subdivisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5085. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5086. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5087. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section I, Article 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 5088. 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 60: Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 173: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 233: Mr. PAYNE and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 389: Mrs. DAVIS of California and Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 426: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 444: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 559: Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 592: Mr. MACARTHUR and Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida. H.R. 713: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 719: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 721: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 816: Mr. CRIST and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 821: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 846: Mr. YOHO, Ms. L EE, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 858: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 881: Mr. DOGGETT and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 889: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 911: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 936: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 949: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 964: Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. WELCH . H.R. 975: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H.R. 980: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 1057: Mr. FORTENBERRY and Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 1078: Ms. LEE. H.R. 1079: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1111: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1160: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 1205: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1398: Ms. JAYAPAL and Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 1405: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Ms. GABBARD . H.R. 1409: Mr. ENGEL , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 1475: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 1478: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. BERA, and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1516: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 1542: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 1562: Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 1599: Mr. BUCHANAN . H.R. 1612: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 1617: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1636: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1661: Mr. LAHOOD, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1676: Mr. GALLAGHER and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia. H.R. 1692: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1708: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1723: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 1762: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 1772: Mr. KILMER and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 1832: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 1861: Mrs. BEATTY and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1880: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1881: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 1902: Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. S OTO, and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1905: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 1906: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 1928: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 1953: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 2004: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 2024: Mr. MARINO . H.R. 2149: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 2215: Ms. MATSUI , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 2267: Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. C ULBERSON , and Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2299: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 2309: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 2310: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 2319: Mr. FASOand Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 2379: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 2392: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2409: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 2566: Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 2567: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. GRIJALVA , and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 2584: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2666: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2668: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 2670: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Mr. B ERA. H.R. 2687: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 2851: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 2871: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2953: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 3013: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 3030: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. DEUTCH , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 3124: Mr. WALZand Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 3197: Mr. KENNEDY and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . H.R. 3199: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3272: Ms. DELAURO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. CORREA , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3273: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. B ASS, Mr. DOGGETT , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 3303: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3304: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3307: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3314: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 3464: Ms. ADAMS , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. BASS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3586: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 3593: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3613: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 3622: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 3623: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 3642: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 3654: Mrs. DAVIS of California and Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 3694: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 3712: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3790: Mr. KNIGHT and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 3810: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3889: Mr. FASO. H.R. 3894: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3964: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 3975: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3999: Mr. DONOVAN and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4025: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4052: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Mr. CRIST. H.R. 4057: Ms. NORTON , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 4058: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 4082: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 4099: Mr. BARR and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4122: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4186: Mr. COHEN and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 4207: Mr. BUCSHON and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 4240: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 4265: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4268: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. SIRES, and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 4345: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Ms. S LAUGH TER. H.R. 4379: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4403: Mr. CORREA . 
H.R. 4429: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4444: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. YARMUTH , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 4473: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 4536: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4549: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 4556: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4573: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4604: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 4616: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4633: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 4655: Mr. BARLETTA and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 4681: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 4732: Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. PAYNE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. H IGGINS of Lou isiana, Mr. MESSER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4747: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 4760: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 4775: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. TAKANO , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 4777: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4780: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4796: Mr. TROTT and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4811: Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 4825: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4838: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 4839: Ms. MENG. H.R. 4844: Mr. ROSSand Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4846: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4850: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 4851: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 4881: Mrs. HARTZLER and Mr. L UETKE MEYER . H.R. 4888: Mr. DESAULNIER and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4903: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 4909: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. DUFFY , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. P AULSEN, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. ROSS, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. B ACON , Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4910: Mr. THORNBERRY , Mrs. B LACK BURN , and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 4912: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4916: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. DUFFY , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 4917: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4925: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4932: Mr. CRIST, Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali fornia, Ms. GABBARD , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4949: Mr. BARR. H.R. 4953: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4962: Mr. BYRNE and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia. H.R. 4970: Mr. SOTO, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 4995: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4999: Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 5005: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. L EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 5009: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. BARR. H.R. 5015: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 5031: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 5034: Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 5045: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 5056: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5058: Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 5072: Mr. PAULSEN and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.J. Res. 6: Mr. MESSER . H.J. Res. 126: Ms. NORTON . H. Con. Res. 22: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H. Res. 128: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 134: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H. Res. 199: Mr. YOHOand Mr. N ORCROSS . H. Res. 313: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H. Res. 356: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. TSONGAS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. YARMUTH , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 367: Ms. BASS. H. Res. 401: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H. Res. 632: Mr. BARR. H. Res. 713: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 715: Ms. GABBARD , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 720: Mr. ROYCE of California, Mr. TAKANO , and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H. Res. 740: Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H. Res. 741: Mr. SCHIFF . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Chairman GOODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 1865, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act of 2017, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1199 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2018 No. 34 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 