Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, the farm bill is supposed to be about people, but this bill is not. It doesn’t help the farmer I met in Chimacum, who said he 
knows there is a whole lot for big corporations in this bill but not enough for family farmers like him who want to plant something in their ground other than a for sale sign. This bill is a step backward for the families that I met a few weeks ago who stand in line at St. Leo emergency food pantry in Tacoma and sometimes wait for hours so that they can feed their kids and make ends meet while they look for jobs. This bill cuts the safety net that helps dairy farmers I met with in Grays Harbor when our changing climate floods their fields and turns acres of soil to dust. The majority claims they want to rebuild our rural economies, but this bill cuts rural development grants that help business owners in Forks and Sequim keep the lights on. You know, I haven’t received one letter of support for what we are voting on today. The only people I have heard from are D.C. insiders who have misguided notions about real families struggling to make ends meet. This bill doesn’t care enough about real farmers counting on this bill, and the families in St. Leo and the 1.5 million veterans and 22,000 servicemembers who feed their families with nutrition assistance. It is wrong, Mr. Speaker, and it is another example why so many people are losing their faith in government. Let’s vote this down and put together a bipartisan farm bill that does more to help people. 
HONORING THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the brave men and women in blue who serve and protect us each and every day. This week is National Police Week, but we owe constant gratitude to these individuals who risk their lives to enforce the law and protect families across the United States. Law enforcement officers take time away from their families and their loved ones, often without the thanks they deserve and often putting themselves in harm’s way. This week, we remember the officers who are currently serving, like Aaron Trombley from the TriCities in my district, who was selected as the Washington State Trooper of the Year. We also remember those who have lost their lives in the line of duty. In January of this year, Deputy Daniel McCartney of the Pierce County Sheriff’s Department in Washington was shot and killed after responding to a burglary, leaving behind a wife and three young children. Deputy McCartney and all of the other fallen officers will not be forgotten for their sacrifice. I want to personally thank the police and sheriffs’ departments, Washington State Patrol, and all the Federal officers who keep central Washington’s communities safe. This week and every day, we offer our appreciation and respect for law enforcement officers across the Nation. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. KERSTIN WASSON (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Kerstin Wasson, the research coordinator to the Elkhorn Slough National Estuarine Research Reserve, one of the many environmental crown jewels in my district on the central coast of California. This week, Dr. Wasson received the 2018 National Wetlands Award for Science Research. This prestigious award recognizes Dr. Wasson’s extraordinary commitment to the conservation and restoration of our Nation’s wetlands. For more than 18 years, Dr. Wasson has distinguished herself as a researcher, conservationist, and mentor at the Elkhorn Slough. It is a great fit for her as it is one of California’s few remaining coastal wetlands and a valuable, ecological asset to our community and, I believe, our country. The Elkhorn Slough reserve manager, Dave Feliz, said Dr. Wasson is a secret weapon to protect our Nation’s estuaries. She has been instrumental in informing coastal decisionmakers and implementing initiatives that protect the Elkhorn Slough. I thank Dr. Wasson, a wetland hero, for her work and congratulate her for this honor. 
THANK YOU TO OUR FRIENDS IN BLUE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during National Police Week to honor those serving and remember those who have served in the ranks of our Nation’s law enforcement. Our brave law enforcement officers at all levels—Federal, State, and local— run towards danger knowing the serious risks involved. Just 2 weeks ago, a Federal law enforcement officer working with Chicago police was shot in the face as he worked to get illegally trafficked guns out of the hands of criminal gangs. We hope and pray for his quick recovery. Stories like these are a grim reminder of the inherent danger of their job. It is why we take time this week and every week to show our support for their work and their service. To our friends in blue everywhere, we simply say: Thank you. Thank you for all that you do to keep us safe. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your sacrifice. We are with you, and we are grateful. HONORING THE MEMORY OF TWO NEVADA POLICE OFFICERS (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of two Nevada police officers who made the ultimate sacrifice in 2017: Detective Chad William Parque of the North Las Vegas Police Department, and Officer Charleston Vernon Hartfield of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department. Detective Parque was a 10year veteran of the force. He was a loving husband and father, a selfless member of our community, and a dedicated investigator. His warmth and his passion left a mark on all who had the privilege of knowing him. Officer Hartfield was a victim of the horrific 1 October tragedy. He was a husband and a father, an Army veteran, a first sergeant in the Nevada Army National Guard, the author of a memoir, and a youth football coach. Officer Hartfield had an unwavering dedication to his community. I attended the candlelight vigil in his memory shortly after his death, and I saw firsthand how many lives he touched. Detective Parque and Officer Hartfield were taken from us far too soon. Their profound sense of duty and service will live on as an example for all of us. May their memories be a blessing. f 
RECOGNIZING MAINE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, fellow Mainers and law enforcement officials from across our great State gathered in Augusta to add one more name to the Maine Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Wall: Nathan Desjardins. The number of names on the memorial wall recognizes all law enforcement officers in the State of Maine who have died in the line of duty. That number, Mr. Speaker, has now reached 85. Yesterday, we also honored Corporal Eugene Cole of the Somerset County Sheriff’s Department. He was killed in the line of duty, Mr. Speaker, just a few weeks ago. His name will be added to the memorial wall next year. My heart goes out to the families of these two brave law enforcement officials whose lives were both tragically cut short. As Police Week comes to a close, let us all remember and recognize the immeasurable courage, sacrifice, and dedication of our law enforcement personnel across our Nation. Every day, they put their lives on that thin blue line that keeps our families safe and our communities strong. And, Mr. 
Speaker, sometimes they don’t return home. May the good Lord accept Nathan Desjardins and Eugene Cole to rest in peace. Maine, America, and our world is a much better place because of their good work and their sacrifice. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize May 13 through 19 as National Police Week. This week is a special time to honor the law enforcement officers who gave their lives in the line of duty protecting our communities. Last Sunday, 360 of those brave men and women were added to the number of fallen law enforcement heroes on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Their sacrifice is not forgotten, and their families remain in our prayers during this week of remembrance. We are blessed to live in a country founded on the rule of law, and this cherished principle would not be preserved without our Nation’s dedicated law enforcement officers. This week, we also show our gratitude to the 900,000 sworn law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line daily for our safety. Thanks for all you do. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. FOXX). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 900 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON ) kindly take the chair. b0914 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, with Mr. FERGUSON  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, May 17, 2018, amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 115–679 offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY) had been disposed of. b0915 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 8334. PILOT PROJECT FOR FOREST HEALTH, WATERSHED IMPROVEMENT, AND HABITAT RESTORATION IN NEW MEXICO. 
(a) P ILOT PROJECT ESTABLISHED .—The Sec retary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall conduct a pilot project within the Lincoln National Forest, Cibola National Forest, and Gila National Forest in the State of New Mexico to analyze and demonstrate the effectiveness of various tools and techniques to address the following natural resource concerns: (1) Thinning for forest health. (2) Watershed improvement. (3) Habitat restoration. (b) AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary of Agriculture in carrying out the pilot project established under subsection (a) may conduct applied silvicultural investigations and treatments, including— (1) silvicultural investigations conducted for the purposes of information gathering and research relating to the natural resource concerns described in subsection (a); and (2) mechanical thinning. (c) COUNTY REFUSAL OF SILVICULTURAL INVESTIGATION OR TREATMENT .— The Secretary may not carry out a silvicultural investigation or treatment under this section if a county in which such investigation or treatment would be conducted provides a refusal to the Secreteray with respect to such investigation or treatment. (d) ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT UNDER  
THENATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT.— Forest management activities carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture under this section are a category of actions hereby designated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (f) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—The Secretary shall encourage meaningful public participation during preparation of a silvicultural investigation or treatment under this section. (g) USE OF ARBITRATION INSTEAD OF LITIGA TION TO ADDRESS CHALLENGES TO FOREST  MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .— (1) DISCRETIONARY ARBITRATION PROCESS  
PILOT PROGRAM .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall establish a discretionary arbitration pilot program as an alternative dispute resolution process in lieu of judicial review for the an objection or protest to a forest management activity carried out pursuant to this section. (B) ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The Secretary of Agriculture, at the sole discretion of the Secretary, may designate objections or protests to forest management activities for arbitration under the arbitration pilot program established under subparagraph (A). (C) MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF ARBITRATIONS .— Under the arbitration pilot program, the Secretary concerned may not arbitrate more than 10 objections or protests to forest management activities in a fiscal year in each Forest Service Region. (D) DETERMINING AMOUNT OF ARBITRA TIONS .—An objection or protest to a forest management activity shall not be counted towards the limitation on number of arbitrations under subparagraph (C) unless— (i) on the date such objection or protest is designated for arbitration, the forest management activity for which such objection or protest is filed has not been the subject of arbitration proceedings under the pilot program; and (ii) the arbitration proceeding has commenced with respect to such objection or protest. (2) INTERVENING PARTIES .— (A) REQUIREMENTS .—Any person that submitted a public comment on the forest management activity that is subject to arbitration may intervene in the arbitration— (i) by endorsing— (I) the forest management activity; or (II) the modification proposal submitted under clause (ii); or (ii) by submitting a proposal to further modify the forest management activity. (B) DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION .—With re spect to an objection or protest that is designated for arbitration under paragraph (1)(B), a request to intervene in an arbitration must be submitted not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which such objection or protest was designated for arbitration. (C) MULTIPLE PARTIES .—Multiple intervening parties may submit a joint proposal so long as each intervening party meets the eligibility requirements of subparagraph (A). (3) APPOINTMENT OF ARBITRATOR .— (A) APPOINTMENT .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall develop and publish a list of not fewer than 20 individuals eligible to serve as arbitrators for the arbitration pilot program under this section. (B) QUALIFICATIONS .—In order to be eligible to serve as an arbitrator under this paragraph, an individual shall be, on the date of the appointment of such arbitrator— (i) certified by the American Arbitration Association; and (ii) not a registered lobbyist. (C) SELECTION OF ARBITRATOR .— (i) IN GENERAL .—For each arbitration commenced under this subsection, the Secretary concerned and each applicable objector or protestor shall agree, not later than 14 days after the agreement process is initiated, on a mutually acceptable arbitrator from the list published under subparagraph (A). (ii) APPOINTMENT AFTER 14 DAYS .—In the case of an agreement with respect to a mutually acceptable arbitrator not being reached within the 14day limit described in clause (i), the Secretary concerned shall appoint an arbitrator from the list published under subparagraph (A). (4) SELECTION OF PROPOSALS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The arbitrator appointed under paragraph (3)— (i) may not modify any of the proposals submitted with the objection, protest, or request to intervene; and (ii) shall select to be conducted— (I) the forest management activity, as approved by the Secretary; or (II) a proposal submitted by an objector or an intervening party. (B) SELECTION CRITERIA .—An arbitrator shall, when selecting a proposal, consider— (i) whether the proposal is consistent with the applicable forest plan, laws, and regulations; (ii) whether the proposal can be carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture; and (iii) the effect of each proposal on— (I) forest health; 
(II) habitat diversity; (III) wildfire potential; (IV) insect and disease potential; (V) timber production; and (VI) the implications of a resulting decline in forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cycles, on— (aa) domestic water costs; (bb) wildlife habitat loss; and (cc) other economic and social factors. (5) EFFECT OF DECISION .—The decision of an arbitrator with respect to the forest management activity— (A) shall not be considered a major Federal action; (B) shall be binding; and (C) shall not be subject to judicial review, except as provided in section 10(a) of title 9, United States Code. (6) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the arbitration is filed with respect to the forest management activity, the arbitration process shall be completed. (h) TERMINATION .—The authority to carry out this section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman of the Agriculture Committee having this bill in such good form for us today, but I have an amendment which addresses the forests in the West. We are facing an unprecedented fire season this year. The drought has been extreme in many of the western States. We are facing decades of management by a Forest Service that decided that we can manage forests in the West, where we have arid climates and not enough rainfall, the same as we have managed in the East, where they have plenty of rainfall. As we find the droughts continuing, we have trees that are stressed by disease, by the drought, by pests, and, then when catastrophe strikes, when a fire actually starts, it just burns the entire landscape. Usually, these forests are not going to be regrown for decades. They will have soft undergrowth brush that comes up in the meantime, but no large trees, no national forests, as we know it. They are overgrown. The thinning projects that would restore forest health aren’t happening due to the lengthy delays, costly regulations, and litigation. The Forest Service budget has stayed pretty constant, but the thinning projects, the cutting, the balanced thinning projects that would restore the health to our western forests, have declined precipitously since the 1990s. From the 1950s to the mid 1990s, timber harvest averaged somewhere between 10 and 12 billion board feet. From 1996 until now, they have only harvested between 1.5 and 3.3 billion board feet. This has occurred while the Forest Service budgets, again, have been enough to accommodate the programs. But in 1993, the spotted owl was listed as endangered. The scientific understanding, at that point, was that the spotted owl would go extinct because of the logging, because we were cutting trees. About 80 percent of the timber industry across the Nation was killed. In New Mexico, we used to have 123 mills. Those were reduced down to one or two that are still operational today. That is the devastating impact that the decision on the spotted owl had. Twenty years later, President Obama, and thenDirector Ashe, determined that: Oh, logging wasn’t the problem. It was other predators. So they killed the logging industry. They killed the thinning of projects in the West over a mistake in their scientific assumptions. The government is directly at fault for thousands of acres of timber that are being burned annually across the West. The Forest Service is forced to do expensive and timeconsuming surveys in project areas every 5 years. They are hesitant to manage because of how close they are to the nesting area of the spotted owls, even though the understanding has been given that logging is not the problem. In the Mescalero, which butts up against the Lincoln National Forest— both are approximately the same size, about a million acres—the spotted owls are actually moving en masse across to the thinned areas in the Mescalero. The fire, instead of burning up habitat, drops down. When it is burning through the Lincoln, it hits Mescalero, drops down, and becomes a grass fire. Every indication tells us that we are managing incorrectly, but still, the Forest Service is not able to do large projects. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment and existing authority in the base bill establishes socalled pilot programs on three national forests in New Mexico. The pilot would exempt all logging activity from environmental review and establish an untested arbitration system for anyone who wants to object to an unauthorized project. While we are told that this is necessary to promote forest health and mitigate wildfire, this sets a dangerous precedent, with the potential to do lasting environmental damage to over 3 million acres of national forests. What this amendment calls a pilot program would upend critical environmental safeguards and limit public participation in forest management decisions. This is more like a management reorientation project than a pilot project. The omnibus bill passed less than 2 months ago, included a bipartisan compromise to fix the wildfire budget and update forest management authorities. The Forest Service has the tools it needs to restore our national forests. Unfortunately, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would rather use the threat of wildfire to roll back bedrock laws to increase commercial logging. This doesn’t make sense in New Mexico, or any other State. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Mexico has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. As chair of the Nutrition Subcommittee, I have been out West. This amendment not only helps preserve our forests, but it prevents mudslides in California, it prevents erosion, and it prevents the killing of fish. Without managing the understory, the intensity of these wildfires will caramelize, or bake, the soil to where no water is absorbed. It runs off, takes everything with it, including soil particles, and increase turbidity in streams. My point is that clean watersheds depend on this amendment as well. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment and the existing authority in the base bill would also give unprecedented power to the Forest Service to shield future final agency actions from any judicial review. This is an extremely dangerous power to give any agency. Allowing an agency to decide when and which actions to shield from oversight gives them power to ignore the laws passed by Congress. Under the language of this amendment, the Forest Service could advance any plan and be relatively sure their internal handpicked arbitrator would approve it. Review by independent courts provides oversight to ensure agencies are carrying out a statute according to congressional intent. This check and balance ensures good governance and prevents abuse. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, my friend from Pennsylvania was pointing out about the problem with storm waters running off. Bonito Lake, in the middle of the Lincoln National Forest, close to Ruidoso, provides water for Holloman Air Force Base and for Alamogordo. It is 75 feet deep, just a small lake in the middle of the forest. After the fire, the Little Bear fire, the next rain put 50 feet of fill into 
that lake. So, 75 feet; 50 feet now has mud and debris in it. All the fish were killed, and it is no longer usable for drinking water. That is what is going on in the West. Our watersheds are destroyed, our forests are destroyed, and our grazing habitat is destroyed, all because of the management of the forests. This amendment does a very simple thing: It allows the Forest Service to go in and do largescale projects. Typically, they will be in a million acre forest, cleaning 30 to 50 acres at a time. This allows them to get very large scale projects to where we can restore the health of our forests. It is a commonsense amendment. Mr. Chairman, again, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MS . STEFANIK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 115–679. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title VIII, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. COMPETITIVE FORESTRY, NATURAL RESOURCES, AND ENVIRONMENTAL GRANTS PROGRAM. 
Section 1232 of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 582a–8) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘or forest restoration’’ after ‘‘research’’; and (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) PRIORITIES .— ‘‘(1) RESEARCH .—In awarding the initial grants under subsection (a) the Secretary shall give priority to applicants who will use such grants for research concerning— ‘‘(A) the biology of forest organisms, including physiology, genetic mechanisms, and biotechnology; ‘‘(B) ecosystem function and management, including forest ecosystem research, biodiversity, forest productivity, pest management, water resources, and alternative silvicultural systems; ‘‘(C) wood as a raw material, including forest products and harvesting; ‘‘(D) human forest interactions, including outdoor recreation, public policy formulation, economics, sociology, and administrative behavior; ‘‘(E) international trade, competition, and cooperation related to forest products; ‘‘(F) alternative native crops, products, and services that can be produced from renewable natural resources associated with privately held forest lands; ‘‘(G) viable economic production and marketing systems for alternative natural resource products and services; ‘‘(H) economic and environmental benefits of various conservation practices on forest lands; ‘‘(I) genetic tree improvement; and ‘‘(J) market expansion. ‘‘(2) FOREST RESTORATION .—Grants may be used to support programs that restore forest tree species native to American forests that may have suffered severe levels of mortality caused by nonnative insects, plant pathogens, or others pests. ‘‘(A) REQUIRED COMPONENT OF FOREST RES TORATION STRATEGY .—To receive a grant under this subsection, an eligible institution shall demonstrate that it offers a program with a forest restoration strategy that incorporates not less than one of the following components: ‘‘(i) Collection and conservation of native tree genetic material. ‘‘(ii) Production of propagules of native trees in numbers large enough for landscape scale restoration. ‘‘(iii) Site preparation of former of native tree habitat. ‘‘(iv) Planting of native tree seedlings. ‘‘(v) Postplanting maintenance of native trees. ‘‘(B) AWARD OF GRANTS .—The Secretary shall award competitive grants under this subsection based on the degree to which the applicant addresses the following criteria: ‘‘(i) Risk posed to the forests of that State by nonnative pests, as measured by such factors as the number of such pests present in the State. ‘‘(ii) The proportion of the State’s forest composed of species vulnerable to nonnative pests present in the United States. ‘‘(iii) The pests’ rate of spread via natural or humanassisted means.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chairman, America’s forests are one of our greatest natural resources: building our homes, empowering local economies, providing for sportsmen and women, and even supplying energy for Fort Drum, in my district. Unfortunately, our vast forests are under constant threat from the scourge of invasive species. These intruders bring not only ecological harm, but damage the economic viability of the communities that rely on these forests. Forests face added pressure when the invasive species attacking them are resistant to known remedies, face no known natural predators, and are spread easily by human land use. My district is home of the Adirondacks. With 6 million acres of parkland, I am deeply concerned with the spread of invasive species. One particular example of an invasive pest that is destroying American forests and threatens the Adirondack Park is the hemlock woolly adelgid. This sapsucking insect is causing the widespread death and decline of hemlock trees not only in the Adirondacks, but in the eastern United States. Since its arrival in the U.S. in the 1920s, the hemlock woolly adelgid has spread rapidly from New England, all the way down to the Great Smoky Mountains, feeding on eastern hemlock and Carolina hemlock in 17 States. This invasive species has few natural enemies in the eastern States, and native trees are neither resistant nor tolerant to their feeding. Without natural defenses, the hemlock woolly adelgid and other invasive pests pose a significant threat to the longterm health of our forests. That is why ongoing research is needed to produce solutions and to account for the unique biology of these organisms and the way they impact the larger forest ecosystem. In addition to research, we must work to restore our damaged forests. My amendment before the House would modernize the competitive forestry, natural resources, and environmental grants program. This amendment realigns the priorities of the grant program to focus on researching the characteristics and ecosystemwide impact of these species, while also allowing for restoration projects of native forests that have suffered severe levels of mortality caused by invasive species. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this very commonsense amendment. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. STEFANIK. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. It is an incredibly important amendment. Ms. STEFANIK talked about just one of many invasive species. This body, uniformly and united, put a lot of money into a significant threat to our forests, which was wildfire funding. Those of us who live on the East Coast, we have wildfires, Mr. Chairman, but they are more limited in scope. We don’t have, certainly, the devastating effects of the half a million acres that I saw when I visited Washington. Our primary threat is invasive species. The hemlock woolly adelgid is one of those. That is actually our State tree that it goes after in Pennsylvania, so we take that pretty personal. When the hemlock woolly adelgid kills the hemlock trees, it warms our trout streams, which we are known for, and that is an important part of our number two industry, which is tourism. We have a new threat that has just recently come into this country from somewhere in Asia. It might have been China, I am not sure. It is called the spotted lanternfly. The spotted lanternfly is the most beautiful butterfly you have every seen, Mr. Chairman, but it is the most deadly to grapes, apple trees, pear trees, all fruit trees, and hardwoods. That is a big part of our economy, certainly in Pennsylvania and on the East Coast. Mr. Chairman, I really support this amendment. We need research, we need not just solutions on how to deal with these invasive species, but we need to find solutions that are landscaped, that can be applied broadly, because it is very difficult to do it tree by tree. We are doing that with the hemlock woolly adelgid, but we do need more research. The U.S. Forest Research Lab is a great part of the U.S. Forest Service. 
I appreciate the work also on restoring those forests. A good healthy forest, which means we are actively harvesting and we are maintaining and we are preventing wildfires and dealing with invasive species, provides us with clean air and clean water. They are the largest carbon sinks in the world, a good healthy forest. b0930 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ). Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for letting me speak on her amendment. Mr. Chair, I have the great pleasure and honor of representing a community called Notrees, Texas, and so to be standing up in support of a forestry amendment might be a little odd, but I certainly recognize the great importance it has to this country. Holding off these invasive species in a stalemate is not a fix. We have got to be aggressive to protect this natural resource and this incredible legacy that has been bestowed upon this great country. So maintaining healthy forests are a big deal. Mr. Chair, I am supportive of the gentlewoman’s amendment and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ when it is time for the vote. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . FASO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
SEC. 9122. PREVENTING THE ARRIVAL IN THE UNITED STATES OF FOREST PESTS THROUGH RESTRICTIONS ON THE IMPORTATION OF CERTAIN PLANTS FOR PLANTING. 
(a) C RITERIA FOR ADDING PLANTS TO NOT AUTHORIZED PENDING PEST RISKANALYSIS  LIST.—Section 412(a) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7711(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) REGULATION OF MOVEMENT .—The Sec retary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) CRITERIA FOR ADDING PLANTS TO NOT  
LIST.—In determining whether to add a genus of a plant for planting to the not authorized pending pest risk analysis list, the Secretary shall consider the environmental impact on natural, managed, and urban ecosystems in the United States of a pest that may be carried on a plant for planting.’’. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Section 412(e) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7712(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) REPORT ON INTERCEPTION OF FOREST  PESTS.—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report— ‘‘(1) evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Government in intercepting pests in international shipping and on plants for planting; ‘‘(2) describing the geographic sources of intercepted pests and the commodities or plant species most often associated with infested shipments; ‘‘(3) quantifying the detection of forest pests in the national surveillance networks, including the Cooperative Agricultural Pest Survey and the Early Detection and Rapid Response network of the Forest Service; ‘‘(4) describing new outbreaks of forest pests in the United States and the spread of existing infestations; ‘‘(5) describing how the numbers of such interceptions, detections, and outbreaks described in a preceding paragraph have changed since January 1, 2018; ‘‘(6) containing proposed additional actions to further reduce the rate of arrival for forest pests across the borders of the United States; and ‘‘(7) identifying current challenges with intercepting, detecting, and addressing outbreaks of tree and wood pests, as well as challenges in achieving compliance with this Act and recommendations with respect to such challenges.’’. (c) DECLARATION OF EXTRAORDINARY EMERGENCY AND RESULTING AUTHORITIES .—Section 415(a) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7715(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (3); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) use available funds for all activities necessary for pest eradication, including pest identification, development of a pestspecific management plan, and implementation of that plan.’’. (d) FOREST SERVICE AND ANIMAL AND PLANT  HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE COOPERATION IN  RESPONSE TO FOREST PLANT PESTS.—Section 431(a) of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7751(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—’’ and in serting the following: ‘‘(a) COOPERATION AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) IMPROVED COOPERATION WITH FOREST  
SERVICE AGAINST FOREST PLANT PESTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that appropriate coordination and collaboration is occurring between the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service and the Forest Service with respect to— ‘‘(A) periodically identifying and prioritizing critical detection, surveillance, and eradication needs for tree and wood pests; and ‘‘(B) identifying the actions each agency will take within their respective missions with respect to addressing identified priorities.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE AND IMPLEMENTA TION.— (1) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall issue or revise such regulations as may be necessary to implement the amendments made by this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment which would require the USDA to comprehensively assess and evaluate the importation of forest pests and to provide options as to how we can best address this issue. Imported forest pests pose what is among the most grievous threat to forest health in the United States. Over the past century, forest pests have devastated entire species of trees, and threatened agricultural industries, businesses, and recreational opportunities for all Americans. These destructive pests cost the United States billions of dollars each year in damages and eradication. By engaging stakeholders, tracking the geographic sources of pests, and assessing the effectiveness of current pest surveillance efforts, my amendment takes important steps toward understanding the scope of the problem and why it is happening, while also giving the ability of the USDA to strengthen its regulatory response. The problem of forest pests is not isolated to my district in upstate New York, but exists all throughout the Nation. From the laurel wilt in the southeast to the white pine blister rust in the Rockies, all 50 States face a variety of forest pests. Now, specifically, Mr. Chairman, what our amendment would do, it would require the Department of Agriculture to evaluate the effectiveness of the Federal Government in intercepting the pests in international shipping and on plants for planting. It would describe the geographic sources of the intercepted pests and the commodities or plant species that are most associated with these infested shipments. It would require the Agriculture Department to quantify the detection of forest pests in the national surveillance networks, including the Cooperative Agricultural Pest Survey and the Early Detection and Rapid Response Network of the Forest Service. We would have the department describe new outbreaks of forest pests in the United States and the spread of existing infestations. This public information is going to be critically important in allowing us to prevent and assess the problems that exist. The Agriculture Department would help describe how the numbers of such interceptions, detections, and outbreaks, which are described in this amendment, have changed since the beginning of 2018. We would require them to have additional actions to further reduce the arrival of forest pests across the borders of the United States. Identifying these current challenges with the interception, detecting, and addressing outbreaks of tree and wood pests is a critical part of the mandate of the agency in the Department of Agriculture that is charged with this task. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge the passage of this commonsense amendment to protect our environment, to strengthen our trade relations, and to promote our local economies. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mr. FASO for his amendment. I have had the privilege and honor of visiting his district, where we had one of our listening sessions that we did. This is only my second farm bill to participate in, and the last one was very good. Chairman LUCAS did a great job. But this one, we kind of broke the barriers, I think, in terms of transparency and in the amount of listening sessions that we had. I appreciate we were in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, where each January, we have a farm show, the largest indoor agriculture exposition in the country— that was a shameless plug, I know—but we were also in New York, and I appreciate what Mr. FASO is offering here with his amendment. I certainly speak in favor and support of his amendment. Identifying the geographic sources is so incredibly important, Mr. Chairman, because then we can see what are the natural enemies to these bugs, these fungi, the invasive species that really today are having such a devastating effect. In the Allegheny National Forest, we are proud of our hardwood cherry. We are very afraid of the spotted lanternfly because of what that could do. Compared to the West, we are probably what are considered a puny or very small National Forest, about 513,000 acres, but it is the most profitable National Forest because of the value of our timber, and invasive species go right after the value. Today, standing in that forest, we have a lot of ash—which makes great baseball bats, among other things—that are dead because of the emerald ash borer. So the gentleman’s amendment, which would track and really provide the tools that the Forest Service—it builds on the tools that the Forest Service has. These are additional tools that they need to have. It is so incredibly important when you look at the economic threat, and that is the way I look at invasive species. It is not just forest health, but these are assets. Our national forests were created not to be national parks. That is why they are managed by the Department of Agriculture, not the Department of Interior. They are meant to provide resources, timber, energy resources, minerals, and the invasive species represent just a tremendous threat. So we should do anything that we can to protect the value of that taxpayerowned asset. Again, everybody benefits from a healthy forest. It takes CO2out of the air, it creates oxygen. They are the largest carbon sinks in the world. It keeps our watersheds healthy. Mr. Chair, I appreciate all parts of this gentleman’s amendment and I thank him for his amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), the chairman of the Agriculture Committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, the scope of this problem is really not appreciated unless you go to our borders and see what happens. All the things that come into this country, that are shipped into this country, generally come in on wooden pallets, and those wooden pallets are a haven or a potential pest nest for all of these wood borne pests. We have laws on the books right now that say all of those pallets have to be treated. Those pallets have to be stamped with a stamp that says the wood has been treated properly. But if you go down there and talk to our hardworking men and women at APHIS who man these posts and try to prevent this from happening, they will tell you that they are constantly on the lookout for counterfeit stamps, pallets that have not been stamped or properly treated. It doesn’t take many of them having a pest in that pallet that then gets transported into the United States as a result of transit, and now we are in a fight that we shouldn’t have had to begin with. So I am fully supportive of the gentleman’s amendment to strengthen this whole process, add sunlight to it, even more light to it, because we have got great hardworking men and women manning these posts on every border. We have been to the northern border, we have been down south. Just the volume of stuff coming through every single day that has to come through, we can’t stack it up and not get it through. Mr. Chair, I am supportive of the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I think that the comment that Mr. CONAWAY , our distinguished chairman, just made, he and I were privileged to tour a border station where the employees of our Federal Government were working very hard to inspect the deliveries of all sorts of materials and commodities across that border. It was actually in Ms. STEFANIK ’s district up on the St. Lawrence River where we went to that border crossing some months ago. It is truly a remarkable process that our Federal employees go through in terms of trying to assess and monitor and inspect these shipments of various commodities into our Nation. The issue of agricultural pests is something that is truly significant and important for all of us as Americans to make sure that we can protect our forests. This may be not something that the average American thinks about very much, but it is something that those of us on the committee and those who are in the affected industries are very acutely aware of the importance of this issue. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, just once again, let me thank the gentleman for his amendment. Let me also say that this farm bill, from my perspective, is groundbreaking with what is in the base language with healthy forests, and the series of amendments that we have seen made in order. The people that will vote for this farm bill today are ones that are concerned with too much CO2in the area, because the work that we do as a result of this farm bill, if you are concerned about climate change and you are concerned about CO2, this is probably the most effective piece of legislation to deal with that in my 10 years serving here in Congress, because, once again, these forests—and I am a little biased. I am from Pennsylvania, Penn Wood. We have more trees today than we did when William Penn got the charter. Our healthy forests are our largest carbon sinks. It is the most effective tool that we have to take CO2out of the air and to deal with any impact that CO2may have on climate change. So certainly anyone who is concerned about that, talks about that, needs to support this amendment and certainly needs to support the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. FASO). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 24 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 9204. INTERSTATE TRAFFIC OF UNPASTEURIZED MILK AND MILK PRODUCTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), section 361 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 264), and any regulations or other guidance thereunder, a Federal department, agency, or court may not take any action (including any administrative, civil, criminal, or other action) that would prohibit, interfere with, regulate, or otherwise restrict the interstate traffic of milk, or a milk product, that is unpasteurized and packaged for direct human consumption, if— (1) such prohibition, interference, regulation, or restriction is based on a determination that, solely because such milk or milk 
product is unpasteurized, such milk or milk product is adulterated, misbranded, or otherwise in violation of Federal law; (2) the milk or milk product’s State of origin allows (by law, regulation, or policy) unpasteurized milk or unpasteurized milk products to be distributed for direct human consumption by any means, including any form of retail sale, direct farm to consumer distribution, or cowshare; (3) the milk or milk product is produced, packaged, and moved in compliance with the laws of such State of origin, including any such laws relating to labeling, warning, and packaging requirements; and (4) the milk or milk product is moved from the State of origin with the intent to transport the milk or milk product to another State which allows the distribution of unpasteurized milk or unpasteurized milk products for direct human consumption, as described in paragraph (2), irrespective of whether the applicable laws of such other State are identical to the laws of the State of origin. (b) NOPREEMPTION .—Nothing in this section preempts any State law. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) The term ‘‘cowshare’’ means an undivided interest in a milkproducing animal (such as a cow, goat, sheep, or water buffalo, or a herd of such animals) created by a written contractual relationship between a consumer and a farmer— (A) that includes a legal bill of sale to the consumer for an interest in the animal or dairy herd and a boarding contract under which the consumer boards the animal or dairy herd in which the consumer has an interest with the farmer for care and milking; and (B) under which the consumer is entitled to receive a share of milk from the animal or dairy herd. (2) The term ‘‘milk’’ means the lacteal secretion, practically free from colostrum, obtained by the milking of one or more healthy animals. (3) The term ‘‘milk product’’— (A) means a food product made from milk; and (B) includes lowfat milk, skim milk, cream, half and half, dry milk, nonfat milk, dry cream, condensed or concentrated milk products, cultured or acidified milk or milk products, kefir, eggnog, yogurt, butter, cheese, whey, condensed or dry whey or whey products, ice cream, ice milk, and other frozen dairy desserts. (4) The term ‘‘packaged for direct human consumption’’ with respect to milk or milk products— (A) means packaged for the final consumer and intended for human consumption; and (B) does not apply if the milk or milk products are packaged for additional processing, including pasteurization, before being consumed by humans. (5) The term ‘‘pasteurized’’ means the process of— (A) heating milk or milk products to the applicable temperature specified in the tables contained in section 1240.61 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act); and (B) holding the milk or milk product continuously at or above that temperature for at least the corresponding specified time in such tables. (6) The term ‘‘unpasteurized’’ means not pasteurized. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I want you to imagine this scenario: a heavily armed Federal SWAT team dressed in black from head to toe with body armor on, guns blazing, militarystyle assault weapons, extra magazines loaded, come in intent on crushing all opposition. Now, what crime could they possibly be going after? Is it a human trafficking ring? Is it a drug bust? No. They are after an Amish farmer for selling milk straight from the cow. I would like to tell you this is an imaginary scenario, but it has happened and it keeps happening. Unfortunately, this isn’t a joke. So what is interesting about this is that Congress has never passed a ban on raw milk, yet the FDA has imposed a ban on raw milk. So what I seek to do today, and my colleagues, with this amendment is to allow States which have legalized raw milk, to allow the interstate transport of that raw milk between two States that have made it legal to sell unpasteurized milk. It is a very commonsense amendment. There are millions of people who drink raw milk in this country. They drink it safely. They believe it is much healthier for them than pasteurized milk. The Greatest Generation in our country grew up drinking raw milk that was unpasteurized. Twentyeight States allow the sale of unpasteurized raw milk. So it is ridiculous for us, I believe, the Federal Government, to go in and keep people from buying raw milk or transporting raw milk across State lines so long as it is legal in those two States. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b0945 Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlemen from Kansas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, while many today will debate the role of the Federal Government in regulating product sales between two willing States, I simply want to make one point: The medical evidence against raw milk, against unpasteurized milk, is clear. There is no denying the link between raw milk consumption and lifethreatening foodborne illnesses. According to the CDC, unpasteurized dairy products, otherwise known as raw milk, while consumed by less than 4 percent of the population, account for 96 percent of illnesses from contaminated dairy products. As a physician who has recently retired from obstetrics, what truly touches my heart is that twothirds of these outbreaks are associated with raw milk consumption involving children. How any school could allow raw milk inside their walls is nothing short of appalling, and that is why I stand today and ask you to oppose this amendment that would expand the interstate sale of raw milk and would fly in the face of both the FDA and CDC’s best science. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to point out that this amendment is a bipartisan amendment. This has been a very partisan debate over a lot of these amendments over the farm bill, and I think it is time that we have something that is supported by both sides of the aisle. This amendment is modeled after a standalone bill that has over a dozen cosponsors from both sides of the aisle, and the sponsors of this amendment are Congressman POLIS and Congressman ROHRABACHER in addition to me. It is very simple. If you understand federalism, you can understand this bill. It says that, if two States have legalized the sale of unpasteurized milk, no Federal department, agency, or court may take any action to prohibit or restrict the interstate traffic of milk or milk products between those two States. There are 28 States that have legalized the sale of raw milk. With a debt of over $21 trillion, the Federal Government doesn’t have the time, the money, or the resources to chase down and prosecute peaceful farmers. This is an issue of both personal freedom and smart government. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), a veterinarian who knows more about these foodborne illnesses than I do. Mr. YOHO. Madam Chairman, as a veterinarian, I rise to voice my opposition to the amendment. Madam Chairman, the amendment poses a threat to the health of Americans. Consumption of raw milk has demonstrated public health risks, as you just heard. The link between raw milk and foodborne illnesses has been well documented in scientific literature for over 100 years. Raw milk is a key vehicle in the transmission of human pathogens, including E. coli, campylobacter, Listeria, tuberculosis, leptospirosis, cryptosporidiosis, brucellosis, cowpox, diptheria, and typhoid fever. You can throw some ascarids in there, too. Since the beginning of time, humankind has strived to improve survivability and increase human health. In fact, Louis Pasteur, in 1864—1864, over 154 years ago—discovered the benefits of heating milk to kill the microbes that were detrimental to human health, hence the term ‘‘pasteurization.’’ Nearly twothirds of all raw milk or raw milk products—cheese, butter, ice cream—and the outbreaks that come from those involve children who are not able to make informed decisions on what to consume. And according to the 
CDC, at least one child younger than 5 was involved in 46 percent of the raw milk and raw milk product outbreaks reported between 2007 and 2016. It is obvious and scientifically proven that this amendment would threaten the health and wellbeing of all Americans. I am not against raw milk, but if it is your cow, I think you ought to drink it at your house, and it shouldn’t be sold as a healthy product without contaminants. Madam Chair, I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Ms. STEFANIK ). The gentleman from Kentucky has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for mentioning Louis Pasteur and the pasteurization process, because what we have today is pasteurization without representation here in this country. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ), my friend. Mr. GROTHMAN. Madam Chair, I would like to speak on this amendment and make a few points. Madam Chair, it is true the public health establishment is opposed to this amendment. It is also true, if you look at the amount of allergies out there, the amount of some other diseases that are affecting young kids, to some degree, the public health establishment is dropping the ball, and I don’t think we can trust them entirely. In my district, there is a substantial number of people who drink raw milk, and I would say it is tilted strongly towards people with a scientific background; chiropractors, nurses, veterinarians are the ones who feel strongest about drinking raw milk. My final comment is I like to talk to people from foreign countries about the differences between their country and this country. Last year, I talked to a diplomat from Northern Europe and I asked him what the best and worst things about America were. To my surprise, he said the worst thing about America is the difficulty in getting unpasteurized cheese and unpasteurized milk. Madam Chair, I thought it was a shame that America, the land of the free—when people come here from Europe, we are supposed to be freer in the United States. A complaint from people in Europe where you can drink unpasteurized milk, raw milk is that we don’t have those freedoms in America. Madam Chair, I think it is a great amendment for people who believe in freedom. And like I said, the people in my district who drink raw milk are the most informed on health issues. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kansas has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). Mr. SCHRADER. Madam Chair, as a veterinarian, I agree with my good friend and colleague, a large animal practitioner from the great State of Florida, TEDYOHO, that pasteurization is essential to preventing the reemergence of some of the most basic foodborne diseases that, unfortunately, we now take for granted in the United States of America. Prior to the advent of pasteurization, tuberculosis, brucellosis, and all the diseases my good friend and colleague alluded to were commonplace. Commonplace, and this is only over a little over 100 years ago. Milk, which is high in protein, starch, and fat, is an ideal medium for bacterial growth. Within days, if not from original contamination at the dairy, these deadly bacterial diseases develop. Pasteurization is the modest heat treating of milk that keeps these deadly bacteria from growing, thereby improving shelf life and allowing widespread distribution of safe, clean, healthy, uncontaminated milk that makes us the envy of the world. It does not denature or impair the nutritional value of this super nutritional food source. Indeed, do we all not remember just a few years ago the melamine contamination in China, their milk source? Chinese mothers now feed their babies American milk. One of our most basic duties in the Federal Government is to protect the health of the American people. It would be an unconscionable dereliction of our duty to not allow this amendment to go forward. Let’s support the Constitution to protect the health and welfare of the American people. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I know Big Milk opposes raw milk. The milk lobby doesn’t like my amendment. In fact, the lactose lobby is very intolerant of freedom. But I am here today to take up for consumers and small farmers and States’ rights, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. Reject pasteurization without representation. Vote to allow the interstate transport of raw milk between two States where it is legal. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ), the ranking member of the House Agriculture Committee, if he has any tolerance for the issue. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. You are 840 times more likely to get a disease or have a problem by drinking unpasteurized milk. And 60 percent of the people who are impacted by this are kids under 20 years old who have not bought the milk; their parents bought it. This is not something we should be doing. All of the folks who are involved in this, veterinarians, the CDC, FDA, all of them oppose this. The International Dairy Foods Association and the National Milk Producers, who don’t always agree with each other, both oppose this because they are concerned that, if something happens and people say it is milk, they are not going to know the difference between raw milk or pasteurized milk or whatever it is. This is not a good situation for maintaining our markets in the dairy product area. Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Chair, according to a veterinarian well known to me, he has claimed that drinking raw milk is akin to drinking water out of a cow hoof print in the dirt. Madam Chair, I want to encourage folks to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. MASSIE. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . COSTELLO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
After section 11201, insert the following (and make such conforming changes as may be necessary): 
Section 226 of the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6934) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) STATE BEGINNING FARMER AND RANCH ERCOORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall designate a State beginning farmer and rancher coordinator from among existing employees of the Farm Service Agency, the Natural Resources Conservation Service, the Risk Management Agency, the Rural BusinessCooperative Service, and the Rural Utilities Service. ‘‘(2) TRAINING .—The Agency shall coordinate the development of a training plan so that each State coordinator shall receive sufficient training to have a general working knowledge of the programs and services available from each agency of the Department to assist beginning farmers and ranchers and be familiar with issues relating to beginning farmers and ranchers. ‘‘(3) DUTIES .—The coordinator shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate technical assistance at the State level to help beginning farmers and ranchers gain access to programs of the Department; 
‘‘(B) work with outreach coordinators in the State offices of the Farm Service Agency, the Natural Resources Conservation Service, the Risk Management Agency, the Rural BusinessCooperative Service, and the Rural Utilities Service to ensure appropriate information about technical assistance is available at outreach events and activities; and ‘‘(C) work with the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement and regional, state, and local offices of the Department to facilitate partnerships and joint outreach efforts with State regional, state, and local organizations and key stakeholders serving beginning farmers and ranchers through contracts and cooperative agreements.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, we all care a great deal about supporting the next generation of farmers, and my amendment would expedite the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s loan application process for young farmers who are in the process of securing farmland, providing funding for the farmers market promotion and local food promotion program, and also extend the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program, which awards grants to organizations for education and mentoring purposes through a competitive grant process. A constituent of mine, Frank Kurylo, the organizer at the Young Farmers Coalition of Southeastern Pennsylvania and coowner of the community supported Kimberton CSA in my district, said it best: 
Without support of this amendment, we risk losing our Nation’s future farms and farmers. 100 million acres of U.S. farmland is expected to change ownership in the next 5 years. We need to be able to connect young farmers to the land and provide the resources to help make farming a viable option for the next generation. The Young and Beginning Farmers Act is critical to reaching these goals and reconnecting people to a food system built around the sustainable principles that drive our access to healthy food. 
Madam Chair, I would like to thank the chairman for his support, encourage my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, this is maybe not a bad idea, but I just want to point out that the Secretary can already do this. I don’t know exactly why we are doing this, but I guess that is a decision between the authors and the Secretary. They can already do it. The thing that I am little bit concerned about is that this might help a little bit with beginning farmers, but, frankly, we are not doing enough in the underlying bill to put the money in there that would actually do some good for beginning farmers and ranchers. That would be more important than naming a coordinator if we don’t have enough money to do what we want to do. I am not going to oppose the amendment, but I just want to point out that this is good intentions, but this is something that could be done anyway. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ). Mr. EMMER. Madam Chair, I rise today in support of an amendment that I was pleased to coauthor with my colleague, Representative COSTELLO from Pennsylvania. b1000 Our amendment directs the Secretary of Agriculture to designate a beginning farmer and rancher coordinator in each of the 50 States at no cost to the taxpayer. According to the 2017 National Young Farmers survey, a lack of familiarity with Federal programs was among the top reasons young farmers don’t access those programs. At a time when there are six times as many farmers over the age of 65 as there are under the age of 35, now more than ever, we need to help grow the next generation of farmers. Minnesotans who farm have made our State a top producer for sugar, beets, and turkeys. Meanwhile, in my colleague’s home State of Pennsylvania, dairy and mushrooms top the list. Each State is different, and so are the challenges facing their farmers. Having a Statespecific coordinator will ensure outreach efforts that are tailored to every State’s need. The Costello amendment is supported by the National Young Farmers Coalition as well. I thank the chairman for his work on the farm bill and his support of this amendment, and urge my colleagues to do the same. Support America’s young farmers by supporting this amendment. Mr. PETERSON. Madam Chair, I have no further speakers or discussion, so I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I just want to thank my colleague and friend from Pennsylvania for this amendment. Yes, the USDA has existing authority, but I think this expresses the intent of Congress and our recognition that one of the biggest issues that we face in the agriculture industry—which is the number one industry in Pennsylvania, one out of every seven jobs comes directly or indirectly from agriculture— it is our succession planning. It is where is the next generation of farmer coming from? Congress recognizes the need of having this type of leadership designated so that there is somebody on point overseeing, and pointing, and administering the young and beginning farmer programs that we have put in place for the past couple of farm bills. It is actually a crisis, given the average age of farmers across this Nation. And I appreciate the fact that we are going to help to certainly further express the intent of this Congress on the importance of this, and provide a direction so that resources can be administered to meet this need. I appreciate the gentleman’s effort. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Madam Chair, I want to thank my legislative aide, Andrew Furman, for his work on this. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MRS . NOEM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 115–679. Mrs. NOEM. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 605, strike lines 16 through 21 and insert the following: 
Section 309 of the Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 (7 U.S.C. 6921) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall maintain in the Office of Partnerships and Public Engagement established under section 226B an Office of Tribal Relations, which shall advise the Secretary on policies related to Indian tribes and carry out such other functions as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(b) NEWBEGINNINGS INITIATIVE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018, the Secretary shall establish, in consultation with the Office of Tribal Relations, an initiative (to be known as the ‘New Beginnings Initiative’) under which the Secretary shall provide funds to a landgrant college or university in an amount equal to the amount of funds such landgrant college or university expends for providing educational programs and services for, or tuition paid with respect to, Indians (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) at such landgrant college or university.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from South Dakota. 
Mrs. NOEM. Madam Chair, many States in which agriculture is important are also home to Native Americans Tribes. South Dakota, for example, has nine federally recognized Tribes. Many of these communities are poor. They lack basic services and have high rates of unemployment. No one suffers from these conditions more than the youth: the children, high school students, and hopeful college students who live there. That is why it is so important to ensure that native youth have the opportunity to obtain a higher education; to attend college; and that they are given the tools that they need to succeed. So my amendment is designed to work in concert with programs that assist native students, like the Wokini Initiative. It was designed by my alma mater, South Dakota State University. In the Lakota language, Wokini means ‘‘new beginnings.’’ It is the title of the program that this amendment establishes. This amendment simply authorizes USDA to match funds spent by landgrant universities on efforts to help native students succeed and ultimately graduate. Madam Chairwoman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I am going to claim the time in opposition so that I can support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, this initiative is incredibly important. We have huge challenges in the Great Plains region. Our Tribes are stressed and impoverished more than any other Tribes in the Nation. Many times, those youth struggle with hopelessness, a lack of belief in a strong future and opportunities that they have. I want to thank our ranking member for supporting the amendment. It is incredibly important that we offer opportunities to those Tribal youth and give them the chance to go on to post secondary education opportunities. Mr. Chair, I would like to use the balance of my time that I have here today to speak about my strong support for this farm bill that we have on the floor. While not everybody farms, everybody eats. And whenever I talk about agriculture to other people that don’t have it in their district or in their region, I talk about how this farm bill is a national security issue. You see, when we grow our own food in this country, we control our own future. If we rely on another country to feed us, then they control us. And as we do business and trade with other countries, we create a much friendlier environment and neighborhood worldwide because we are doing business with those countries. We decided years ago in this country that we wanted to have an affordable and a safe food supply. And today, we have the safest food supply in the entire world because this country has a farm bill—a farm bill that provides safety nets for our farmers and ranchers that are out there taking highly leveraged risks each and every year to put a crop in the ground and to harvest that and to feed this country and the world. So maintaining control of our food supply—and the world’s most affordable and abundant food supply at that—is essential. Because once we depend on another Nation to feed us, then they will continue to control us. So this is about having a safety net and making sure that every single family in this country has affordable and safe food. We do this in this bill by maintaining a strong crop insurance program. We remain committed to strong livestock disaster programs which were essential in making sure that South Dakota ranchers could recover from that devastating Winter Storm Atlas that killed tens of thousands of cattle that we experienced. It helped them rebuild, and it helped them continue to grow beef in our country. Commodity programs are improved in this bill as well. I am proud that the language I drafted was included to make these programs work better for the future. We also increase investment in farm country. We dedicate resources for rural broadband development. We do this while also investing in essential research opportunities, and continue to drive innovation. As a lifelong farmer and rancher, I understand the uncertainty our farmers face every day. In fact, across the country and across my home State of South Dakota, farm income in the last several years has dropped over 50 percent. I know how highly leveraged farmers are, and how important it is that we manage that risk. We can’t control all of the risk factors that these families face. Hail storms and droughts will strike, but we can make sure that our policies that we write here today enable them to fulfill our own nutrition needs while also feeding the world. So I want to urge my colleagues to support this bill, to support this amendment, and make sure that we continue to provide the food that feeds the world. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XI, add the following (and make such conforming changes as may be necessary): SEC. 11613. EXTENDING PROHIBITION ON ANIMAL FIGHTING TO THE TERRITORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 26 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), it’’ and inserting ‘‘It’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by striking subsection (d); and (3) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), and (j) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), and (i), respectively. (b) USE OF POSTAL SERVICE OR OTHER  INTERSTATE INSTRUMENTALITIES .—Section 26(c) of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)’’. (c) CRIMINAL PENALTIES .—Subsection (i) of section 26 of the Animal Welfare Act (7 U.S.C. 2156), as redesignated by section 2(3), is amended by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)’’. (d) ENFORCEMENT OF ANIMAL FIGHTING PROHIBITIONS .—Section 49(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘(d)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chair, I will yield myself 30 seconds because I have got to watch this clock sort of tight. So here is the situation: Animal fighting is inappropriate and wrong no matter where it happens. It is against the law in the continental United States, and, I should say, in all 50 States, and what we are proposing is to make that a standard in the territories as well. There are some elements of animal fighting that is illegal in territories, but not altogether. This has been a long journey. It is a 40year journey in this country. It reached a crescendo about 10 years ago when a standard was created in all 50 States. What this amendment does, Mr. Chairman, is very simple: it proposes to do the same thing in the territories. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I am thankful for the opportunity to express my strong opposition to the amendment. It is deeply unfair to the United States Territories and contrary to the original intent of the Federal law in question: the Animal Welfare Act amendment, under which States have always been defined to include the territories. First, the characterization of this amendment is closing a loophole and bringing the territories in with the States is highly misleading. The Animal Welfare Act adequately addresses interstate and foreign commerce of fowl for gaming purposes. The intent of 
the Federal law in this area has always been to aid States and other local law enforcement in jurisdictions where gamefowl events are illegal, and to prohibit the transport of animals from areas where they are, in fact, allowed. The reason that there is a ban in all 50 States is not because of Federal law, but because of States’ laws, and those States have banned them in their States. So for the Federal Government to impose that on the territories at this time, I believe, is deeply unfair. This is a highly regulated, cultural, and historic activity in the territories. Let’s not forget that the real author of this bill is The Humane Society which—when the Federal Government gets into this—becomes a slippery slope, as The Humane Society also wants to ban sporting activities or hunting activities in which animals hunt another animal. Is the gentleman from Illinois going to then offer an amendment to stop dogs who assist humans in looking for ducks and in other places? No. But all of the territories’ Delegates are against this amendment. And for someone from another State to offer an amendment to restrict something in the U.S. territories is deeply unfair. At the last hearing of the committee in which this issue was addressed, which was nine sessions ago, The Humane Society also testified that legislation at State level should be the proper fora to ultimately decide whether fowl gaming is permitted within those State’s borders. And, again, States also meaning territories. I agree, and so should this body. If only they were true to their word—and the gentleman from Illinois agreed with them—and the welldocumented legislative history, we wouldn’t be here. And hopefully, we would be talking about much more important matters—matters related to the farm bill, such as SNAP, such as school lunches, such as subsidies to our farmers. Those are the things that should be in this farm bill, not this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I have been involved for 20 years to try and stop the barbaric practice of animal fighting, dogfighting, cockfighting, and slowly but surely, we have made the point under Federal law. It is a felony crime: to sponsor; exhibit an animal in a fighting venue; to buy, sell, deliver, possess, train animals; or to bring a minor to an animal fight. But this has been long and slow and painful. And I violently disagree with the notion that we should have one set of rules. It is already a felony in Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. We shouldn’t have one set of rules for some territories, and for the rest of the States. At core, this is a barbaric, inhumane practice. The animals are drugged to make them more ferocious. In cockfighting, they are equipped with metal spurs to slash each other— fighting to the death. I am sorry, this Congress has rejected the notion that this is culturally specific. Animal cruelty has no place in any territory, in any State, in any venue, by any race or ethnic group or cultural tradition. We have gone past that. We heard those arguments in some States when we were fighting to achieve these protections. I strongly urge that we continue this 20year fight to protect animals and protect people from being involved with this horrific activity, and close what is, in fact, a loophole. We should have no separate rules for States, territories, or anywhere under our jurisdiction. b1015 The RoskamBlumenauer amendment will fix this and finish a journey that we started 20 years ago. But sadly, because some people think it is acceptable, we are still going to have to fight this battle in the illegal sector as well. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time do I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands has 21⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I would hope that in the future, Congressman ROSKAM , the gentleman from Illinois, as well as Mr. BLUMENAUER would consider that no law should be different for the States and the territories, to allow the territories’ people to be treated the same as the States. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chairman, I rise to strongly oppose the Roskam amendment which would force a Federal ban on the territories without our consent. I am sure Congressman ROSKAM  would not want an amendment forced on his constituents without his consent or input. All five members from the territories oppose this amendment, as cockfighting is a culturally significant practice in many of our islands. As importantly, this amendment dictates to the territories without any opportunity for our constituents or their elected representatives to have any say. Guam and other territories have enacted local laws to regulate cockfighting. Congress should not force this on more than 4 million Americans. Are you aware we are denied the right of a vote against this amendment on this House floor? So many issues affecting the territories require Congress’ attention: disaster recovery, poverty, healthcare, infrastructure, education, and equal voting rights on this floor. That is what we should be thinking about, and the House should be spending more time addressing these priorities. I was not consulted on this matter, and neither were any of the other representatives from the territories. This is not fair, Mr. Chairman. This is not fair. Yes, I agree. We should all be treated equally. Then why aren’t the territories allowed to come down on the floor and to vote for final passage? That is the question I want to ask you. Let’s be fair all the way. Mr. Chairman, I ask this sponsor to withdraw this amendment so that we can provide our input and maybe we can work toward an agreement. Otherwise, I urge all Members to oppose the Roskam amendment. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman ROSKAM for his work on this amendment. I do speak in favor of amendment No. 14 which strengthens Federal laws against animal fighting and has garnered bipartisan support many times over the past two decades. This is something that still happens. It still happens in our country. Just a month ago, over 1,000 birds were collected in a cockfighting raid just in my district in southern California. Forcing two animals to fight to the death is not only a crime problem, it is a moral problem as well. There is strong bipartisan agreement that animal fighting is an inexcusable crime. We should strengthen our laws to protect animals and society from this barbaric activity which has no place in modern society. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time to close as the member of the committee. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, although I don’t like what she is about to say, in courtesy, I yield 1 minute to the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N). Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. We would never have had this debate if we had had an opportunity to have a public hearing on the issue. So I oppose this amendment because this is more Federal regulation for the territories. Cockfighting is already a highly regulated industry in Puerto Rico. Originally regulated in 1933, then in 2007. We actually have offices regulating this issue that creates an $18 million industry on our island with 27,000 direct and indirect jobs. Already the farm bill permits that cockfighting will be prohibited in the States and interstate commerce, but can be legal if the State or the territory authorizes and regulates the event. That is the situation with the territories; we regulate the event. Actually, this proposed legislation will cause a highly regulated industry to go underground and go to the streets where there is no control at all. Our constituents were never heard on this issue, and we are looking for that opportunity. I do believe that we are not having the opportunity to be treated equally. That is the reason I oppose this amendment, and we should have at least a public hearing on this issue. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, once again, you have heard the opposition to this at this time. The characterization that it is closing a loophole, as I said, is misleading. I think it is important to understand what is going to happen if this is, in fact, made law, that this will drive this underground, and it will criminalize what has happened. Many individuals will become criminals at engaging in this activity. If individuals are truly concerned with the territories, I would ask them to cosponsor legislation that helps people in the Virgin Islands and allows them to be treated fairly and not to be cruel to us with the cap on Medicaid. I would ask that they would cosponsor much of the legislation that many of the delegates have offered up to support the people who live in the Virgin Islands as well. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, this is a heartfelt issue obviously, but we are talking about rough stuff. We are talking about stuff that attracts gangs. We are talking about stuff that attracts drug trafficking. We are talking about stuff that attracts violence. We are talking about things that you would be ashamed to bring a child to. We are talking about things that if it were to happen in the well of this Chamber, many of us would look away because we would be shocked at the gratuitous violence. To characterize this as a cultural norm that we should just walk away from is a misrepresentation, in my view. It is not persuasive to me. It is wrong. It is wrong if it happens in the 50 States, it is wrong if it happens in the territories, and we ought not be complicit in it. The notion that this is going to drive this activity underground is a hackneyed old argument. We heard that before as it relates to the 50 States. That wasn’t persuasive. We know what this activity is. We ought not be complicit in it. Mr. Chairman, we should pass this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
The Acting Chair. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title XI, insert the following: 
SEC. 116ll. CONSIDERATION OF THE TOTALITY OF CONSERVATION MEASURES. 
Section 7(b)(3) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) In determining whether a Federal agency action is likely to jeopardize the continued existence of any endangered species or threatened species or result in the destruction or adverse modification of the critical habitat of a species, the Secretary shall consider the offsetting effects of all avoidance, minimization, and other speciesprotection or conservation measures that are already in place or proposed to be implemented as part of the action, including the development, improvement, protection, or management of species habitat whether or not it is designated as critical habitat of such species.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, the Endangered Species Act, or ESA, as we call it, imposes numerous burdensome and duplicative regulations on America’s hardworking farmers and ranchers. This adversely impacts their ability to provide food not only to America, but, of course, to people all around the world. We all know that activist groups are employing sueandsettle tactics to further their ideological agenda to increase the number of species listed under the ESA. As the ESA list grows, however, farmers and ranchers are forced to shift their primary focus from food production—which we all need them to focus on—to navigate and comply with bureaucratic hurdles threatening their very livelihoods. My amendment would require the Secretary to consider the totality of conservation measures already in place when determining whether a potential Federal action will jeopardize species or habitat loss. Our Nation’s farmers and ranchers already opt to participate in conservation programs. They do so voluntarily. They implement protections and mitigation factors on their land, and they do everything they can to protect habitat and wildlife. Our agricultural community proactively promotes conservation measures, and they seek guidance from the USDA on best practices. But the ESA has expanded far beyond the original intent of the law, and it has become a serious problem. The time has come for us in this Congress to modernize the ESA, which will ease the difficulties farmers and ranchers face when bearing the brunt of undue burdens placed on agriculture. To that end, my amendment to H.R. 2 takes a holistic approach to protecting species and preserving habitats, ultimately helping America’s farmers and ranchers go back to doing what they do best, and that is providing a safe, sustainable food source for our Nation. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. It is a matter of fairness and common sense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amendment that is being offered by the gentleman. It is unwarranted and undermines one of the bedrock environmental laws, the Endangered Species Act. The first issue at stake is that my colleagues seem to imply that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service does not already have the authority to consider beneficial conservation actions already in place during the section 7 consultation process under the Endangered Species Act. This is simply not true. The jeopardy analysis already takes into account the beneficial actions that have been implemented when determining if a Federal agency’s activities would put a species in danger of extinction. Thus, this part of the amendment is redundant and would only cause uncertainty in the consultation process. But perhaps more problematic is that this amendment includes a requirement to consider future proposed conservation measures. The keyword here is proposed. In no way are these proposals locked in stone. There would be no way to know if these proposals would be part of the final action. The service always considers conservation measures. The service considers proposed actions where they are reasonably certain to occur. The service, however, should not include speculation about proposed actions in the future. This amendment lowers the bar for species protection and should be rejected. Unfortunately for our imperiled wildlife, this amendment is not the only way my colleagues across the aisle are attempting to undermine the Endangered Species Act in this farm bill. If this bill becomes law, a person could spray early spring pesticides directly on endangered wildlife in the field, like the whooping crane, for example, and it would be completely legal even if some were killed. Not to mention, these early spring pesticides are often acutely toxic. Some pesticides are suspected to cause Parkinson’s disease in people, and others are likely to cause cancerous tumors. Imagine the damage, not only to human life, but what it would do to our endangered wildlife. This bill also removes the requirement under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act for the EPA to consult 
with expert wildlife agencies on the impact of pesticides to threatened and endangered wildlife. Pesticides have caused the dramatic decline of numerous species of birds, bees, fish, and butterflies. With the very existence of species such as the monarch butterfly and the whooping crane at stake, it is unconscionable to allow the EPA to approve the use of pesticides without properly assessing the effects they have on hundreds of endangered species across the country. I cannot say this strongly or more frequently enough: the ESA does not need to be reformed or modernized to work better. What it needs is congressional support. Instead of rolling back critical safeguards and introducing harmful antiESA riders like these, Congress should be implementing measures to fully fund the act and protect species and their habitats from permanent extinction. We have a responsibility to be good stewards of our environment and uphold the strong protections of the ESA. The American people deserve to be able to experience their natural legacy for generations to come. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my good friend and colleague, Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. This good governance and commonsense amendment will reduce costs associated with consultation and allow important projects to move forward while ensuring these actions don’t negatively impact species and result in more private contributions that help recover endangered species. In recent years, local landowners showed unprecedented support for lesser prairie chicken conservation and committed approximately 4 million acres and more than $26 million toward these efforts. Unfortunately, current practices do not allow conservation measures that take place outside of designated critical habitat to count in relation to Federal actions. b1030 This arbitrary interpretation results in less conservation efforts for species and stifles private investment that would otherwise be encouraged if the totality of habitat conservation measures underway were allowed to be considered. Last year, Senator JOHN BARRASSO  pointed out that, of the more than 1,600 species of animals and plants listed on the Endangered Species Act since 1973, only 3 percent have been recovered. That is 3 percent. This is failure by any definition or reason. This amendment encourages voluntary conservation that will help recover threatened and endangered species. Property owners, States, and local communities should be encouraged to be part of the solution, not pushed aside in favor of Federal micromanagement. I applaud Representative JOHNSON for his strong leadership and tireless efforts to improve an outdated system that is failing to protect species and failing to consider the totality of conservation measures underway before moving forward with new Federal actions. I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. JOHNSON for his work on this amendment. This amendment would require the Secretary to consider measures already in place or proposed to mitigate species or habitat loss when determining whether Federal action is likely to jeopardize existing work taking place. This would help address agriculture’s ongoing concerns with the Endangered Species Act by recognizing the habitat protections and benefits already being provided through USDA conservation program practices that farmers and ranchers implement on their land. Farmers are our best stewards of the land and environment, and I applaud efforts that take into account the good work the ag industry is already doing to prevent habitat and species loss. I urge my colleagues to prevent duplicative measures that may compromise conservation progress by voting in support of the Johnson amendment. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, in closing, I have mentioned that this is a matter of fairness and common sense. We need to do right by our farmers and ranchers, and I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
In title XI, at the end of subtitle F insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Interior, in conjunction with the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, may issue depredation permits to livestock farmers, authorizing takings of black vultures otherwise prohibited by Federal law to prevent such vultures from taking livestock during the calving season. (b) LIMITED TO AFFECTED STATES OR REGIONS .—The Secretary may issue such permits only to livestock farmers in States and regions in which livestock farmers are affected by black vultures, as determined by Secretary in conjunction with the Director. (c) REPORTING .—The Secretary shall require, as a condition of such a permit, that the permit holder shall report to the appropriate enforcement agencies the takings of black vultures under the permit. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I recently had a townhall in a small county, Washington County, Indiana, where a farmer came up to me and explained to me the choice that he had before him: he could lose thousands of dollars of his cattle or pay thousands of dollars in fees because he is unable to kill the black vultures that continue to murder his calves during calving season. This amendment changes that process and enables him to take proactive nonlethal and lethal steps if the Secretary of the Interior deems it worthwhile in that region or that State to protect those young calves, to protect his property. I want to make sure that we enable and empower farmers to be able to keep their livestock alive, to be able to keep their property alive. This amendment simply allows the Secretary of the Interior to designate States or designate regions where farmers can take proactive nonlethal and lethal measures to protect their property from black vultures. It is important to note that black vultures are not protected under the Endangered Species Act. Right now they are listed in the least concern category. But they are protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. All this amendment does is enable them to take proactive measures rather than waiting until they have lost thousands of dollars’ worth of calves in taking reactive measures. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, even though I am not sure I am opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I want to raise some issues. We have got problems in a number of different areas, not just with black vultures, caused by the Migratory Bird Treaty with Mexico and Canada that we signed in 1973. 
Apparently, black birds are sacred in Mexico. Because of that, we are in this situation. That is why you need this bill. It eliminated crow hunting for a while, until we were able to define it in the States. It says in the treaty that if they are about to do damage, then you can take them. So, in Minnesota, we passed a law that says that crows are always about to do damage so that we could have a season. I have still got a big problem with cormorants. We can get depredation permits for cormorants, but it is not adequate. We had a hunting season that we got through here. We got the Fish and Wildlife Service to supposedly do this, and then they screwed it up. So we have got cormorants out there eating fish in my neck of the woods and other places causing a big problem. I have got wolves, which is a little bit different situation, but that is the Endangered Species Act, in which it was claimed there was no problem with. Well, I can tell you, there is a problem with the Endangered Species Act in terms of wolves. We need to fix that. Four different times I have been promised to get that fixed, and we haven’t been able to do it. I am frustrated with this whole process. I am going to support your amendment, but I would like to get some further clarity on cormorants and timber wolves, if we could. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s support. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise this morning to support the Hollingsworth amendment, which would allow the Secretary of the Interior to issue depredation permits to livestock farmers authorizing the taking of black vultures during calving season. Currently, the black vulture is protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. I don’t know why they are all migrating to my district, and that is where they all live and they are not leaving. The current permit process doesn’t provide farmers the flexibility they need to adequately protect calves from black vulture attacks. By allowing the Secretary of the Interior to work with Fish and Wildlife to issue State or regionwide depredation orders, we will provide farmers with the ability to protect their livelihood. This isn’t just about giving farmers flexibility; it is also about being humane. If you have ever seen a black vulture attack calves, that is not something you want to see more than once. It is time we give our cattle farmers the authority to legally handle this dire situation. I want to point out that the ranking member’s comments are very relevant to me, as well, with cormorants. We have a big problem with cormorants, as well, in my district. So, certainly, we need to be taking these issues into consideration. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ), chairman of the committee. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chair, I represent a lot of cattle ranchers, but also represent folks who raise sheep and goats. Black vultures are a big predator during kidding season. When these small lambs and young kid goats are on the ground, they are susceptible to the same type of trauma that the calves go through when they are being eaten alive by these vultures. Moving this gentleman’s amendment may be a step in the right direction. I also share my ranking member’s comments about timber wolves and other endangered species that are prey on the lands. That needs to be examined, as well. I would be happy to work with him on that issue. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair, I would submit to Mr. CRAWFORD that perhaps those black vultures moved in because of the great representation he provides to all of his constituents. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DESJARLAIS ). Mr. DESJARLAIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the amendment of Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH of Indiana on this issue. In short, the amendment would allow the Secretary of the Interior to issue depredation permits to livestock farmers authorizing the taking of black vultures. This is an issue that has been brought to my attention by farmers across the entire Southeast, as well, who have all witnessed black vultures prey on and kill their livestock. Unfortunately, because black vultures are protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, farmers are left with little or no recourse of action. After years of frustration, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service began issuing depredation permits as part of a pilot program to try to address this shortage. While this has worked well in my State, it is clear that our farmers and ranchers need a more permanent fix to this ongoing problem. Black vulture attacks on various livestock have already led to significant economic losses for many, and I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this commonsense amendment. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair, in closing, again, I think this amendment is very common sense and very focused on exactly what I hear from Hoosier farmers back home, what I have heard from farmers all the way across the country, which is they want to take the proactive measures to protect these calves, to protect other livestock, to protect their property, and also to save them from the horrific death caused by black vultures. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. HOLLINGS WORTH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . BANKS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 115–679. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XI, add the following: 
The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’, published on June 29, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 37054), is repealed, and any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, that rule shall be applied as if that rule had not been issued. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 900, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would fully repeal the poster child of government overreach from the Obama administration, the 2015 waters of the United States rule. This rule gave unelected bureaucrats at the EPA the power to broadly interpret what is a navigable waterway and has led to mass confusion for farmers in my district and across the country. The Obamaera WOTUS rule, which has been delayed thanks to the Trump administration, is confusing, overreaching, and broad. Under this rule, a navigable waterway could be interpreted in such a way that even a puddle in a farm’s drainage ditch could be subjected to Federal regulation. Mr. Chairman, it is vitally important that the definition of a navigable waterway be carefully and clearly determined. The encroachment of the Federal Government upon farmers and landowners has been severe. We in Congress have a responsibility to call a spade a spade and remove this onerous regulation and go back to the drawing board with input from all stakeholders. Mr. Chairman, unelected bureaucrats sitting behind a desk in Washington should not implement these overreaching Federal regulations on local farmers in northeast Indiana. Congress should work together with local and 
State officials and experts to determine an appropriate solution and remove the detrimental and excessive approach attempted by the Obama administration. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the Banks amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Congress has a long history in supporting the Clean Water Act. In 1972, Congress overrode President Nixon’s veto of the Clean Water Act, demonstrating bipartisan support for the Federal regulation of our Nation’s water. The measure was very clear: human health would no longer take a backseat to big business. Now, more than 45 years later, we are again voting to overturn the Clean Water Protection rule, a rule that, for the first time in over a decade, provides clarity for regulated parties and protection for our Nation’s rivers and waters. What message are we sending today? Clearly, we are telling the American people that what water they have left isn’t worth protecting. Mr. Chairman, when developing the Clean Water Protection rule, the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers went to unprecedented lengths to engage with stakeholders, including ranchers, farmers, and municipalities. They held over 400 stakeholder meetings on the rule and reviewed approximately 1 million public comments to the rule. It is evident that EPA and the Corps wholeheartedly considered these comments and concerns because many of the Clean Water rule’s reforms benefit industry, agriculture, and municipalities. These reforms include limiting permits for ditches and municipal storm water sewers, and codified exemptions for certain agricultural, construction, and mining activities. Let us not forget that the farmers and developers, alike, call the Clean Water Act’s current regulatory process ‘‘ad hoc,’’ ‘‘inconsistent,’’ and ‘‘costly.’’ The rule we are attempting to overturn would keep the old, confusing regulations in place permanently. The same groups that asked for this rule and actually benefited from the rule are now asking us to do away with the rule. The only thing I can surmise is that those who oppose the rule would oppose any rulemaking that did not drastically limit the application of the Clean Water Act; or, said in another way, these groups are simply opposed to the Clean Water Act entirely. b1045 In my State of California, 99.2 percent of the population gets its water from the drinking water systems that rely on water bodies protected by this rule. With numbers like that on the line, intervening now is simply reckless. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposition to this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ), the chairman of the Western Caucus, who has been instrumental in developing this amendment. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment offered by my good friend and colleague, Mr. BANKS . The previous administration’s Waters of the U.S. rule, commonly referred to as WOTUS, attempted to assert Clean Water Act jurisdiction over nearly all areas with even the slightest connection to water resources, including manmade conveyances. The Obama administration threatened the very livelihoods of farmers, ranchers, small businesses, water users, and property owners when unilaterally enacting this overreaching water and land grab by executive fiat. Contrary to claims by the Obama administration, this regulation directly contradicts prior U.S. Supreme Court decisions which imposed limits on the extent of Federal Clean Water Act authority. Although the agencies maintained the rule was narrow and clarified the Clean Water Act jurisdiction, it would actually aggressively expand Federal authority under the Clean Water Act while bypassing Congress and creating unnecessary ambiguity. In fact, even the agencies admitted, when announcing the final rule, that WOTUS would expand agency control over 60 percent of our country’s streams and millions of acres of wetlands that were previously nonjurisdictional. Moreover, the rule was based on incomplete scientific and economic analysis. In recent years, the House has voted at least five different times to block or reduce the damage associated with the Obama WOTUS rule. In January 2016, the House and Senate passed legislation blocking WOTUS, utilizing the Congressional Review Act, and put a bill on President Obama’s desk that he subsequently vetoed. WOTUS is a dreamkiller for future generations and will result in significant job losses as well as considerable harm to our economy. Congress must take action today to repeal this fundamentally flawed mandate once and for all. I applaud Representative BANKS  for his strong leadership and tireless efforts to protect the livelihoods of farmers, ranchers, businessmen, and other local stakeholders by repealing this unconstitutional power grab. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this lawful and necessary amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. NORMAN) assumed the chair. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Ms, Gabrielle Cuccia, one of his secretaries. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 The Committee resumed its sitting. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). The gentlewoman from California is recognized. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, the Banks/Gosar amendment, as a clear threat to a bedrock protection of the American people of the Clean Water Rule. The Clean Water Rule guarantees clean drinking water for 117 million Americans. My constituents rely on the Clean Water Rule, which protects critical waterways like the Chesapeake Bay. By eliminating this rule, we jeopardize the streams, headwaters, wetlands, and other bodies of water supporting critical wildlife ecosystems that naturally filter out pollution and provide essential, clean drinking water to a third of our Nation. Mr. Chairman, the farm bill should be a tool for protecting Americans. It must not be used to poison their water. A vote for this amendment is a vote against clean water, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. JOHNSON ), my fellow freshman colleague and a great defender of private property rights. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman from Indiana’s leadership on this amendment, and that of Mr. GOSAR and others. Since its inception, the 2015 Waters of the U.S. rule has been an unworkable and unreasonable interpretation of the intent of the Clean Water Act. It was an overreach of an administration wishing to flex its muscles by imposing additional regulations where it had no jurisdiction. We are regulating things like backyard ditches and mud puddles, which we have a lot of in Louisiana. The absurdity of this rule has been evidenced by the backandforth legal battles that have ensued in the courts, most recently this past January in National Association of Manufacturers v. Department of Defense. The Supreme Court’s opinion in that case has thrown some industries into chaos, as uncertainty once again looms. Congress has the capability to provide a permanent statutory answer on 
the merits of the rule, once and for all, by nullifying the rule in its entirety. The Waters of the U.S. rule is bad for America’s farmers, bad for American energy, and bad for America’s builders. My friend calls it the poster child of government overreach, and I could not agree more. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Indiana has 30 seconds remaining. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PETERSON ). Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chair, I rise to support this repeal. Mr. Chair, I just want to caution people that I am worried about us getting this through the Senate. I spent a lot of time trying to work this thing before, had a number of meetings with Gina McCarthy. The underlying problem with this is that we have four different agencies that have jurisdiction over what a wetland is. We passed in 1985 the wetland, the swampbuster bill in the farm bill. We still, to this day, cannot define what a wetland is. And what I am worried about when they do this new regulation, which they are probably going to have to do to replace the old one, they are not going to be able to come up with a definition because we haven’t been able to do it in 20some years. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time for closing. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I just think that, again, we are saying anything Obama did is wrong. I want to continue protecting the waters of the United States for the American people. Mr. Chair, with that, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, in closing, this amendment isn’t just important to farmers; it is important to all landowners in our country. It is a big step forward in protecting our private property rights. I applaud President Trump for delaying the rule as he had, but this is our opportunity to repeal it once and for all. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–679 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 17 by Mr. RUSSELL of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 25 by Mr. MASSIE of Kentucky. Amendment No. 28 by Mr. ROSKAM of Illinois. Amendment No. 31 by Mr. BANKS of Indiana. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 15 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 54, noes 356, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Banks (IN) Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Burgess Chabot Curtis DeSantis Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Foxx Gabbard Gaetz Gianforte Gosar Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Issa Johnson (LA) Jones Jordan LoBiondo Love Massie McClintock Mooney (WV) Norman Palmer Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rothfus Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Walker Webster (FL) Woodall Young (AK) Zeldin 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) 
b1118 Messrs. ESTES of Kansas, WESTERMAN, KELLY of Mississippi, ROYCE, and STEWART changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BROOKS of Alabama, POE of Texas, GIANFORTE, GRAVES of Louisiana, and ABRAHAM changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 79, noes 331, not voting 17, as follows: 
Amash Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Cheney Comer Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson DeSantis Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Gabbard Gaetz Garrett Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Huffman Huizenga Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Jones Jordan Lamborn Lesko Lofgren Loudermilk Marino Massie McClintock McHenry McNerney McSally Meadows Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Palmer Perry Pingree Poe (TX) Posey Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rothfus Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Taylor Tipton Webster (FL) Welch Wittman Woodall Zeldin 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Cleaver Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1123 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 359, noes 51, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam 
Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Babin Banks (IN) Bass Beatty Butterfield Carson (IN) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Evans Foxx Fudge Goodlatte Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hunter Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kihuen King (IA) LaMalfa Langevin Lee Love Massie Matsui McClintock Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Peterson Poe (TX) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Scott, Austin Sessions Smith (MO) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Vela´zquez Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Young (AK) 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1129 Mses. LEE and MAXINE WATERS of California changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GALLEGO, Ms. DELAURO, Mr. LEVIN, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Messrs. DeSAULNIER, and KEATING changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I inadvertently voted ‘‘no.’’ I meant to be recorded as: ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 202. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chair, during rollcall Vote No. 202 on H.R. 2, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted ‘‘yes’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . BANKS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 238, noes 173, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—173 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1136 Mr. O’HALLERAN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. GIANFORTE ). The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) having assumed the chair, Mr. GIANFORTE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 900, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2 to the Committee on Agriculture with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: Page 206, line 16, strike ‘‘$255,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$329,000,000’’. Page 206, line 23, strike ‘‘$200,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$260,000,000’’. Page 207, line 6, strike ‘‘$34,500,000’’ and insert ‘‘$44,500,000’’. Page 207, line 13, strike ‘‘$9,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$13,000,000’’. Strike section 4011. Page 331, after line 23, insert the following new subsection: (b) MANDATORY FUNDING .—Chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XXIII of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 950aaa et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(5) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 332, line 1, strike ‘‘(b)’’ and insert ‘‘(c)’’. Page 333, line 11, strike ‘‘(e)’’ and insert ‘‘(f)’’. Page 334, line 14, strike the close quotation marks and the following period. Page 334, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(e) MANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Page 348, line 21, strike the close quotation marks and the following period. Page 348, after line 21, add the following: ‘‘(j) MANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(5) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 411, line 21, strike the close quotation marks and the following period. Page 411, after line 21, add the following: ‘‘(c) MANDATORY FUNDING .—Of the funds of the Commodity Credit Corporation, the Secretary shall use to carry out this section $19,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. Page 430, line 4, strike ‘‘and inserting ‘; and’’’ and insert ‘‘and inserting a semicolon’’. Page 430, strike lines 6 through 9 and insert the following: (iii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(F) $45,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(G) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(H) $50,000,000 for fiscal year2023.’’; and Page 436, after line 19, insert the following: (c) MANDATORY FUNDING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 412(k)(1)(B) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(k)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2014 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018 and $115,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (2) RESERVATIONS .—Section 412(k)(1)(C) of the Agricultural Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 (7 U.S.C. 7632(k)(1)(C)), as amended by subsection (b), is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall reserve not less than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall reserve— ‘‘(A) not less than’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) of the funds made available under subparagraph (B) to carry out the activities specified in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (b), not less than— ‘‘(i) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(ii) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(iii) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(iv) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(v) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. Page 436, line 20, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert ‘‘(d)’’. Page 452, line 4, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 452, strike lines 5 and 6 and insert the following: (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(F) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(G) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(H) $50,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; Page 539, after line 11, insert the following: (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; Page 539, line 12, strike the enumerator and insert ‘‘(2)’’. Page 539, line 16, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 539, strike lines 17 and 18 and insert the following: ‘‘(B) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(C) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(D) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(E) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(F) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; Page 539, line 19, strike the enumerator and insert ‘‘(3)’’. Page 539, line 20, strike the enumerator and insert ‘‘(4)’’. Page 549, line 20, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,000,000’’. Page 550, line 16, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,000,000’’. Page 602, line 12, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 602, strike lines 13 and 14 and insert the following: (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’ (C) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $35,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(vi) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(vii) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(viii) $40,000,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. If adopted, it will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, we will proceed to final passage, as amended. I offer the motion to recommit on behalf of farmers and rural communities 
who are confronting threats to their livelihood, sadly, that are included within this bill. Mr. Speaker, the communities I represent rely heavily on agriculture. Hudson Valley farmers feed New York and America, they create thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in economic activity, and they preserve the cultural heritage for generations of farmers who have done the same. I was raised in a small town surrounded by family farms, and I am proud to say I still live in one today. Agriculture drives the economy of my district. Suffice it to say, I didn’t think I would ever oppose a farm bill. I was proud to be part of the bipartisan team that wrote the last one. That bipartisan bill was a huge win for farmers in my part of the world, but this farm bill is very different, and I am disappointed to say that we are following the best farm bill ever for the Hudson Valley with the very worst farm bill ever for the Hudson Valley. It claims to create efficiencies, but really just ends up going after people who need a hand, the ones we are supposed to focus on in this bill. One instance is simply the mandate that parents pay their child support or lose their SNAP benefits. Now, that, on its face, sounds like it makes sense: You don’t pay your child support when you have kids, that should be a problem, but this bill goes about it in all the wrong ways and it ends up hurting the very children who rely on that child support, and it would actually end up costing more than it would save us. It also goes after critical trade programs just as millions of our farmers are reeling from a trade war and the renegotiation of NAFTA. Earlier this week, my Hudson Valley district was slammed by a series of storms, which destroyed acres and acres worth of crops. My office has been inundated with calls from farmers whose very livelihoods are in jeopardy as a result. One farmer named Josh Morgenthau, who runs the famous farm called Fishkill Farms, may have lost $1 million worth of crops. That is just one farmer in Duchess County. So the very same week when we faced these deadly storms, we are now talking about responding to millions of dollars in crop damages without improving the very crop insurance programs that farmers like Josh depend on today, right now. That is a kick in the teeth to the guys I represent. But the problems with this bill don’t stop with crop insurance, as bad as those are. This bill eliminates America’s largest conservation program, and that is a killer for rural New York because of growing urban sprawl and the loss of farmland around New York City. In fact, in New York State, we lose 10 times more farmland than we preserve every single year. Now, you don’t need your slide ruler to figure out that is a big problem for us. This bill does too little to help small, diverse family farms like I represent, but it is a huge win for corporate industrial agriculture. It doesn’t add a penny to the very research foundation that is funding local efforts in my part of the world to fight invasive species like the allium leafminer, which threatens the entire onion crop of the black dirt region, one of the Nation’s largest. This is all happening against the backdrop of aging farmers, and that fact threatens the sustainability of the industry. New farmers can’t get access to crop insurance or farmland they need to start a viable business. The land costs too much. These kids are loaded up with student debt. Don’t take my word for it. The National Young Farmers Coalition adamantly opposes the Republican bill. We can’t wait for the next farm bill to fix these problems. The average age of our farmers is going up all the time. It used to be 50; today it is 60 years old, the average farmer. It keeps going in the wrong direction. We should be doing more in this bill to support young and beginning farmers and to incentivize careers in agriculture. I promised my farmers, including my agricultural advisory board, on which Josh Morgenthau and other young farmers sit, that I would fight for them in Washington. In our motion, we provide almost $400 million for the Market Access Program, Foreign Market Development, and Technical Assistance for Specialty Crop Farms over 5 years. For the scholarships at 1890s institutions and Historically Black Colleges that help to prepare our next generation, we provide $95 million, and we fund the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Program at $120 million. We provide $80 million for organics research. We commit $140 million to promote farmers markets and local foods, and we invest $125 million in outreach and assistance for socially disadvantaged farmers. For research on specialty crops to advance the fruit, vegetable, flower, and nut growers that contribute the largest portion of our Nation’s farm gate value, we provide $175 million. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, this attempt at legislating is a little late. For all of the rhetoric, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said for over a month now that this bill was so broken they couldn’t fix it. They come tricking trotting in here this afternoon with an amendment of this scope. This would have been a great conversation to have had in committee, but we spent 5 hours listening to complaints that we weren’t amenable to any changes. It would have been handy to have that go through the Rules Committee so we would have had at least overnight to look at what this deal does. To come in here now and pull this procedural trick, which, quite frankly, the minority always does. When we are in the minority, we do it. When you are in the minority, you do it as well, and I oppose the gentleman’s motion. Mr. Speaker, we are at a point in time where it is now time to move forward. We have had a relatively complicated process, a 600page bill, 51 amendments made in order, now this attempt to legislate at the last second. But it is about to get real simple. We are about to start putting up red and green votes on the board behind you, Mr. Speaker. And let me tell you what the green votes are for. Green votes will mean you stand with Americans. You stand with those producers out there who are in a terrible circumstance. There has been a 50percent drop in farm income the last 5 years. Today’s headlines in the USA Today: Farmers being forced to quit as income dies. That is who you will stand for with a green vote. Or a red vote says, no, we want to continue to argue about this. We want to take advantage of what might happen in November because we are going to say ‘‘no’’ to this. We have got SNAP beneficiaries out there who are dependent on this new program we are going to put in place to have their case managers to help them walk through this labyrinth of social networks to try to get them to a job. So you are saying ‘‘no’’ to those guys as well. We are going to say ‘‘no’’ to the men and women who eat our food every single day. You can love the farm bill or you can hate the farm bill, but it delivers the most effective, affordable, and safest food and fiber supply of any developed Nation in the world. That is a pocketbook issue that comes across this country, and a ‘‘no’’ vote says: Never mind. A ‘‘yes’’ vote today will say we stand with those men and women who buy food every single day; for those paychecktopaycheck families whose rent doesn’t change, their car payment doesn’t change. If something happens to them, it comes out of their food budget. Why on Earth would we intentionally try to screw those folks over by raising the cost of food, by not continuing this process and moving forward? Mr. Speaker, this is pretty darn simple. Very darn simple. Either vote with those SNAP recipients whose lives would be better, whose impact will be better, or you vote against them. You will vote with the men and women who suffered through the terrible times in the last 5 years, the worst since the Depression, or you vote ‘‘no.’’ 
There is no group of Americans more in tune to what goes on on this floor than the men and women of production agriculture. It is vital to their livelihood, vital to their existence, what we do here tonight. And you will hear a lot of rhetoric about those red votes, reasons why they voted ‘‘no’’ on it, but I guarantee you, those farmers and ranchers back home that are watching this clock and watching what happens, they will understand what it means. They will understand that those ‘‘yes’’ votes mean we are going to move this process forward. We are going to continue to attempt to give them the assurance over the next 5 years what this farm bill will do for them and how they will stay in business, how their bankers will make plans in moving this thing forward. Mr. Speaker, we have had 3 years of hard work on this, 114 hearings. We are ready to move this bill forward. I recommend that my folks vote against the lastminute, lastditch effort to look like they are legislating because they ignored the legislative process for over a month, including in committee, and let’s move this forward. Mr. Speaker, vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment and ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 226, not voting 18, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—18 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Messer Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Schneider Speier Tsongas Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 198, nays 213, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood 
LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Brownley (CA) Budd Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harris Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RosLehtinen Rosen Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brown (MD) Buck Clay Curbelo (FL) Gohmert Labrador Lieu, Ted Norcross Polis Rogers (KY) Schneider Speier Tsongas Valadao Walz Yoder 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, due to a conflict, I unavoidably missed the following votes on May 18. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: 1. On rollcall No. 200, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 2. On rollcall No. 201, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 3. On rollcall No. 202, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 4. On rollcall No. 203, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 5. On rollcall No. 204, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 6. On rollcall No. 205, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to reconsider. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Ryan of Wisconsin moves to reconsider the vote on passage of H.R. 2 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to reconsider offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Maryland will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, am I not correct that you called for the yeas and nays and that you interrupted the vote while it was in progress? From a parliamentary perspective, is that the power of the Speaker to interrupt a rollcall vote for the purposes of declaring that the vote has been postponed? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair postponed debate under clause 8, rule XX. That was stated from the Chair. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 163, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 80, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amodei Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Dunn Ellison Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gianforte Gibbs Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Jeffries Johnson (LA) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meng Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Perlmutter Pocan Posey Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Trott Turner Vela Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barr Barraga´n Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Cohen Comer Connolly Correa Costa Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene Denham DeSantis Dingell Duncan (SC) Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gomez Gottheimer Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hoyer Hudson Hunter Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (IL) Kihuen Kilmer Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Mast Matsui McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Moulton Napolitano Nolan O’Halleran Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pingree Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Renacci Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Soto Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Torres Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Wenstrup Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (AK) 
Aderholt Arrington Barton Bass Beatty Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Buck Castro (TX) Clay Clyburn Costello (PA) Curbelo (FL) Delaney Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Espaillat Estes (KS) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Grijalva Higgins (NY) Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Keating Khanna Kind King (IA) King (NY) Labrador Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lieu, Ted Loudermilk Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Meeks Moolenaar Moore Neal Newhouse Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Pelosi Peters Pittenger Polis Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Rice (NY) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Sarbanes Schneider Scott, David Sires Smith (TX) Speier Swalwell (CA) Tsongas Vela´zquez Walker Walz Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder b1223 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, MAY 18, 2018, TO MONDAY, MAY 21, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 21, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H. CON. RES. 72 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I be considered as the first sponsor of H. Con. Res. 72, originally introduced by Representative Meehan of Pennsylvania, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
SUPPORTING THE PARAMUS, NEW JERSEY, COMMUNITY (Mr. GOTTHEIMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for the Paramus community and those who lost their lives in the Route 80 bus accident in Mt. Olive, New Jersey, and to all those who were injured. My heart breaks for the 38 fifth grade students and seven adults involved in yesterday’s horrific bus accident. On a day when students from East Brook Middle School should have been enjoying their class trip, instead, they experienced every parent’s worst nightmare. As a father, I am praying for every parent, child, teacher, friend, and administrator; and I know I will be hugging my kids extra tight this evening. I join the Paramus community as they come together to support all those affected in this tragedy, especially the family of the student who lost their life and the family of Jennifer Williamson, the fifth grade social studies teacher chaperoning the trip, who lost her life. May God rest their souls. Savannah Clark, an East Brook Middle School sixth grader, remembered her teacher saying: She made things really, really fun for us kids, but now she can’t anymore. Mrs. Williamson, your care for our community will never be forgotten. I also want to thank the first responders, doctors, and nurses who responded so quickly to help students, care for the victims, and investigate how such a horrible tragedy could ever have happened. f 
THE ATTACK ON AMERICANS BY PRESIDENT ERDOGAN’S SECURITY FORCE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on May 16, 2017, as Turkish President Erdogan visited the Nation’s Capital, his gestapo security forces unleashed a brutal assault on peaceful American demonstrators. Many of them were Armenian Americans who were exercising their constitutional right of free speech. As Erdogan looked on, his thugs demonstrated their intolerance for free expression and contempt for America. This illegal behavior is absolutely intolerable by any security force, especially on U.S. soil against Americans. Fifteen members of the Turkish security detail were originally charged for this unprovoked attack, but now there are only four. Why? It is clear from video recordings and witness accounts that more than four Turks participated on this assault on free speech. I contacted the Justice Department and asked why charges were dropped against 11 guards, but they refused to give an explanation. The DOJ should not be complicit in Erdogan’s assault on democracy. The DOJ must enforce American law. It must not make backroom deals with wanttobe dictators. And that is just the way it is. 
REFUGIO OIL SPILL (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, this week marks 3 years since the Refugio/ Plains pipeline failure spilled more than 100,000 gallons of crude oil along the Gaviota coast in my district. Black oil slick coated our beaches and marine life, costing over $96 million to clean up and hurting our local economy. That spill occurred 3 years after Congress unanimously passed the Pipeline Safety Act of 2011. This law directed PHMSA to update key pipeline safety standards, requiring the installation of automatic and remote control shutoff valves, including leak detection technology. However, nearly 7 years later, 20 of the pipeline safety directives in that legislation have not been enacted. During the Plains oil spill, it took operators over 2 hours to find the source of the leak. 
Yesterday I joined Senator F EINSTEIN , directing the agency to answer why these requirements have not been implemented to date to ensure we are improving pipeline safety. 
b1230 SANCTUARY STATES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend the leadership many California elected officials showed this week in coming to Washington, D.C. and sitting down with President Trump to talk about the problems and dangers as a result of actions taken by Sacramento Democrats in a sanctuary State and what it has done for the State of California. I commend them for bringing the truth and the clear danger this means for our communities in the State of California, and across the country. One of the leaders in my own district, District Attorney Stacey Montgomery, as well as a friend of mine, Assemblywoman Melissa Mendez, and many others, stepped forward to bring a strong message of how this endangers Californians and sends the wrong signal to those who want to immigrate properly to this country. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that effort by those leaders. 
A BETTER DEAL: INFRASTRUCTURE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, 1 year ago this June, President Trump announced that it was Infrastructure Week. He declared it again last August, and then again in February, when he rolled out a proposal that was about 15 percent the size of what he promised. And this week, well, you won’t be surprised that it is Infrastructure Week again. In a year and a half of the Trump Presidency, we have had four Infrastructure Weeks, but no real infrastructure bill, no solution, and no problem solving. Many of our roads, bridges, pipes, electric lines, railroads, ports and airports need our help. They are crumbling, structurally unsound, or simply out of date. Instead of being bold and proposing a plan like President Eisenhower did, our current President proposed selling off these critical public systems to the highest bidder and sticking local taxpayers with the rest of the bill. That is a bad deal. Democrats have A Better Deal to rebuild America by putting our money where our mouth is, investing $1 trillion in helping to jumpstart 16 million middle class construction jobs. That is a better deal. That is what America deserves. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE REPUBLIC OF AZERBAIJAN (Mr. PERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Republic of Azerbaijan. On May 28, 1918, Azerbaijan declared its independence following the Bolshevik victory in the Russian Revolution of 1917, and the withdrawal of Russian troops from the Caucasian Front during World War I. Just 2 years later, Azerbaijan fell to the Red Army and lost its independence to the Soviet Union. While its initial independence was short, it laid the foundation for the country that exists today. Since ultimately gaining its independence in 1991, Azerbaijan has played an increasing important role in the region and the world. Azerbaijan is a key military ally to the United States. Its peacekeepers have served alongside American and NATO troops in Kosovo, Iraq, and Afghanistan. Today, Azerbaijan has 120 troops in Afghanistan supporting the NATOled Resolute Support mission there. Azerbaijan also became a leader in the energy sector. Since one of the world’s first oil wells was drilled south of Baku in 1848, Azerbaijan has developed its natural resources and is helping to reduce Europe’s reliance on Russian gas through the development of the TransAnatolian Pipeline. The Baku Flame Towers, now a global city for the country, pays homage to Azerbaijan’s nickname, ‘‘the land of fire,’’ hailing from the rich deposits of natural gas. The United States is grateful for Azerbaijan’s friendship and we wish its people continued peace and prosperity. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JORDYN RIVERA (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jordyn Rivera, who attended the Route 51 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Jordyn was looking forward to graduating from California State University with her bachelor’s degree in healthcare management. She was set to graduate in the spring of 2018. Jordyn was incredibly smart and was even a member of her school’s National Health Education Honor Society. Her parents were always very proud of Jordyn and loved the close bond they had with her. She had a love for Jesus, her family, and country music. She had a gift that allowed her to reach out to others and bring people together. Jordyn’s parents remember her as being personable and adventurous. She was warm, optimistic, and had an infectious energy. I would like to extend my condolences to Jordyn Rivera’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
CHANGE IN TENNESSEE LAW (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, Tennessee has a law that is about 160 years old. The legislature changed it some, but the Governor needs to sign a bill to do it. It is a law that allows juveniles, before they are convicted, be sent for ‘‘safekeeping’’ in an adult penitentiary or prison. This occurred recently in two cases. The Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights group took one of those cases. A girl was charged with a crime and had a $30,000 bond assigned to her. She couldn’t make that bond and the court sent her to an adult penitentiary where she and one other girl were isolated in a wing of the adult penitentiary for 40 days. The Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights group got an attorney, Josh Spickler, who got the girl’s bond set at a higher figure, but one that they were willing to make to get her out of jail. Juveniles should not be put in adult facilities before they are convicted, and nobody should be put in safekeeping and put away like that when they don’t need to be, and they can be incarcerated in a juvenile facility. I hope the Governor signs the bill and makes our Tennessee law more current. 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–128) The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GIANFORTE ) laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to the 
stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2018. Obstacles to the orderly reconstruction of Iraq, the restoration and maintenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of political, administrative, and economic institutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , May 18, 2018. 
PROTECTING OUR NATION’S VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, I am honored to fight for the veterans in my district and throughout the Nation. In return for their service and sacrifice, we owe them the best medical care that can be provided. I am proud that the House of Representatives has passed the VA MISSION Act to address these critical concerns. I commend Chairman ROE, Ranking Member WALZ, and the members of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee for their work on this issue over the last year. This legislation will provide better communitybased care without detracting from the outstanding medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs medical facilities, such as the Central Texas Veterans Health Care Center in Temple, Texas, in my district. While I believe veterans are best served by the VA, there are also those who live too far from a VA facility, cannot afford a long wait period, or have very specific medical services that are best provided outside the VA system. The VA MISSION Act provides this communitybased care option, and it pays for it with discretionary spending, which means Congress has more control, more oversight, and more responsibility. The VA MISSION Act includes a provision for a bill I authored, the Veterans Transplant Coverage Act, to ensure that no other American hero is denied organ transplant coverage again through the VA. This was inspired by the Nelson family of Leander, Texas. Mr. NELSON , a veteran, required a transplant. His son was a matching live donor. However, the VA would not cover medical costs for the donor, Mr. NELSON ’s son, even though this was a lifesaving transplant for Mr. NELSON . I am sorry to say that Mr. NELSON had to liquidate almost everything he owned to pay for the medical expenses. We could not help Mr. NELSON ’s family, but his story inspired me to work towards changing the law. When the VA MISSION Act is enacted, it will ensure future generations of veterans will have their transplant medical expenses, along with the donor’s expenses, covered by the VA. We must do the right thing for our veterans who need these lifesaving procedures, and I am honored that the VA MISSION Act includes language I wrote to do just that. I want to publicly thank several of my colleagues on the committee: Dr. NEAL DUNN, Dr. B RAD WENSTRUP , and GUSBILIRAKIS , my neighbor, all of whom championed transplant care for veterans and worked extremely hard to ensure this language was included in the bill. The VA MISSION Act is a step forward towards the goal of caring for our veterans. The Senate must pass this legislation, and I urge President Trump to quickly sign it into law. I can think of no better way to celebrate Memorial Day than enact the VA MISSION Act, which will ensure our heroes receive the best medical care available. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1245 FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) for 30 minutes. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to address you here on the floor of the House of Representatives, and I always appreciate that opportunity. It is a right and a privilege of any Member of Congress to come down here and address you from this floor about whatever issues might be on our minds, and I have a couple of them on my mind here this afternoon, Mr. Speaker. One of them is the circumstance that brought about the loss of the farm bill here on the floor. I come from the Fourth Congressional District of Iowa, and I will make the case with anyone in this Congress, out of all 435 districts, that we produce more agricultural products in the Fourth District than any other. There are some folks in the San Joaquin Valley who we have an interesting discussion with, and I tip my hat to their progress but still stand in defense of the Fourth District of Iowa. The corn we raise, the soybeans we raise, the pork that we produce, the eggs that come out of there, all of that sets the standard for the rest of the country. And I am giving the credit to the producers, the families that raised the farmers that we have today who went off to school and came back with the technology in their brain and developed the technology to bring this kind of crop out of this ground. I have two ears of corn down in my man cave, Mr. Speaker, and they are beside each other on a nail. I would say half the people in this Congress would guess wrong on which was which. One of them is an openpollinated variety that they used to plant back in 1848, and the other one is a triplestack hybrid that came out of the 2015 crop, neither one of them irrigated. God’s rainfall raised them. That one ear that is just as big as the other one and actually has got more rows around it is the openpollinated from 1848, and it yielded between 15 and 25 bushels to the acre. Then you look at the 2015 ear. It is roughly the same length, with fewer rows of kernels around it, and that yielded not 15 to 25 bushels, but 232 bushels to the acre, over the scales. That is how far we have come with agriculture technology. You can divide your 15 or 20 to 25 bushels into the 230. It is almost 10 times. You might make the argument that we have got 10 times the yield today that we had back when the pioneers rolled across the prairie in their covered wagons and began to figure out how to bring crops out of this ground. That is an example of what has taken place. We have tractors running around out in the field now. No markers. The markers used to always—there used to be planter wire and crosschecked. Then the markers would mark until we came back around, and you lined up on that mark from the last round so that all the rows were nice and beautiful and parallel and straight. Everybody took pride in having fields where they could look down those rows and see that wonderful crop of corn and soybeans and other crops coming out of the ground. Now there are not markers on a lot of our planters, and some of the planters are running around with the markers folded up because we are being guided by GPS. That is just some of the technology. We are applying fertilizer differently as the soil types change going across the field. We have got the ability to change and adjust the numbers of corn according to the soil type, too. We are using less fertilizer than we did. We are taking care of the water quality. Lots of good things are coming up out of the ground, and that means food for America and Americans. This farm bill is designed to stabilize our family farm operations so that they can stay in business. It is not good enough just to be in business next year, but to be in business next generation. This is the center and the heart and soul of America. This is the American Dream: the family farm on that land looking back through their generations and seeing 
they are the fourth generation, the fifth generation family farm, the sixth, the seventh generation. I stood in a machine shed that has had some pretty good feedlots around it and a lot of good farm ground around it and talked to—well, I guess I saw, because the seventh generation hadn’t quite learned to talk yet, seven generations on the family farm. I have watched them also as they stood there together and held hands and cried as the auctioneer sold off their life’s work, when we didn’t have a program in place that could stabilize their hard work, their smart work, their dedication. Nobody can do this like a family farm can. There is not a corporation that can go out there and hire people and be vertically integrated and somehow get this thing scaled up to the size that they can be more efficient than what is going on right now with our family farms in America because, when it is in your culture, when it is in your blood, you make hay when the Sun shines. In fact, the culture is so strong in my neighborhood, we had a case in court. I was sitting in the courtroom in Sac County a number of years ago, and the lawyers were bickering back and forth and the judge was deliberating and maybe dithering a little bit. My lawyer said: Come on. Let’s get this done. I have got hay down. Well, you have got hay down. We know what that means. You have got to get it back up again before it rains. When the weather is there, you have got to move. And if the Sun goes down and you can still go, you keep going because you are looking at the clouds coming on the horizon. By the way, we have got technology to address that, too. Now we have got the setup with the technology, teamed up with Monsanto and with Google, to put together a corporation that watches the weather report and indexes that in and sends a message off to the farmer’s cellphone in a text that says: You are going to get 1
1⁄2inches of rain tonight, and you have got 6 hours, 7 hours, or 10 or 12 hours to sidedress 20 pounds of nitrogen. That is what your crop needs because we have been monitoring it for these years, and we have calculated the Sun days, the heat units, the humidity, and the growth patterns. This is a scientific, now, very sophisticated industry. And that is just crop farming. Then you have got the livestock side of this as well. We worked long and hard to put this farm bill together, Mr. Speaker, and all of the hearings that were held on it. The big things that we need to make sure that we sustain and extend are crop insurance, number one, because crop insurance is the number one risk management tool for our producers. If you don’t have an ability to ensure your crop and go to the bank and be able to predict that you have got a reasonable chance of at least servicing your loan and paying your input costs and taking a few dollars out to feed the kids, if you can’t do that, the bankers can’t stand with you. So Federal crop insurance is an essential component of our family farm operations. It is not something that they can get along without, because we have seen these markets cycle. We have seen the markets cycle in these ways. For example, January 4, 1980, Jimmy Carter embargoed grain sales to Russia. Excuse me. I am in the modern vernacular. It was the Soviet Union. All the Soviet Union, no U.S. grain goes in there. They were our number one market at the time, so that embargo shut off that market for our producers in the farms all across this country, and we saw the commodities prices on the Chicago Board of Trade go into a tailspin. It nosedived down into the gutter. To get back out of that and get those markets put back together again didn’t really happen in the way we might anticipate. It was not a bounce back. It was a struggle back. We lost family farm after family farm. I watched farm sale after farm sale. I went to those sales. We went in some of those building sites that the family farms were pushed off of. Some of them, the acreage was sold off to somebody that had a little cash, and they came in and tried to fix up the place a little bit and tried to live there. It worked for some. In fact, it worked where I live. But it didn’t work for everyone. Some of them were burned. Some were buried. We did a lot of that. I can drive you around the countryside, Mr. Speaker, and I can point to those places now that you just see as dirt, and I can tell you who lived there, the kids’ names who were there, where they went off to school—maybe Iowa State, University of Iowa, maybe UNI— also, maybe off to the coast somewhere. Too many of our children went off to get an education and didn’t look back, and now my neighbors, if they are still neighbors, buy a plane ticket to see their grandchildren. That is the result of what happened when we had the grain embargo in 1980 that was brought to us by Jimmy Carter. We had subsidies that had to be poured into the Midwest in huge amounts. Even today, we would be stunned if I were to say into the Record the amount of money that was put in to try to bail out the disaster that we had in agriculture. And land change prices. CRP came in, in the pick year of 1983; and with that, land prices tumbled down to, I can say, a third of what they were at their peak. When government stepped in and put CRP in place, some of it was for conservation; and we preserve a significant amount of it in this farm bill. But, Mr. Speaker, the taxpayers paid for some of those farms a couple of different times as a result of what happened with the grain embargo in 1980. Well, today we have a trade circumstance. That trade circumstance started, I believe, not for the negotiations of NAFTA, but the tariff that the President put on steel and aluminum— and that was globally—for all countries that were exporting their steel or aluminum into the United States, a 25 percent tariff on it. Then, after 2 or 3 days, the President—the Canadians—not as much the Mexicans, but the Mexicans, too—objected to the tariff that went on them. They were negotiating NAFTA. So after 2 or 3 days, the President lifted that tariff off of Canada and Mexico for the countries that are involved in NAFTA. That, I think, was designed to try to get the Canadians to the table on NAFTA. Perhaps that has been useful, and it worked; but we also knew that a tariff on steel and aluminum coming in out of China was going to bring about retaliatory trade moves on the part of the Chinese, and they acted in a predictable fashion. They slapped a tariff on our U.S. ag products going from the United States into China. And so here I am, Mr. Speaker, representing the Fourth Congressional District of Iowa, all of northwest Iowa, almost all of northcentral Iowa, some of northeast Iowa. And when I look at the map that was put out by Bloomberg that showed the counties in America that went Democrat in blue, the counties in America that went Republican in red—and that would be, of course, the Trump election—and over the top of that they laid out a focus in, I will say, I believe they were yellow dots, that was the production of soybeans, the concentration of the production of soybeans. It is clear that the dead center, the center of the hub of the middle of the bull’s eye, that those tariffs that the Chinese put on soybeans and pork, especially, went right into the Fourth District and right into Iowa. And then it spreads out: Nebraska, Illinois, Indiana. We all know what the corn belt looks like. The soybean belt is a little different, but that is where most of it is still raised. So we take this hit in our neighborhood, and our producers are holding together pretty well because they understand that our President is a multifaceted, multidimensional trade negotiator. So the trade negotiations that started with NAFTA and the tariff on steel and aluminum that included the Canadians and the Mexicans in the beginning for 2 or 3 days are part of, also, what has happened with the retaliatory tariffs that the Chinese put on, especially, soybeans and on pork. That brought the South Koreans to the table, too, and they said: Give us some relief on the tariffs on the steel. The South Koreans are the third largest exporter of steel to the United States. 
While they were there, they offered up the invitation for—they had it in their pocket, evidently—President Trump to sit down with Kim Jong Un. The President said: Yes, I will do that. Stuck his head in the press room and told the press: I am going to meet with Kim Jong Un. Now, we are pretty confident that that is going to happen in Singapore on June 12. All of this is wrapped up together, Mr. Speaker, and much more besides: national defense, national security, the denuclearization of the entire Korean Peninsula. It also plays into the Iranian nuclear agreement that was signed by, I believe, John Kerry, technically, but under the Obama administration. You put this all together, and I have just given a quick snapshot, Mr. Speaker, on the multiple layers of strategy and negotiations that are part of this President. Meanwhile, the message that is sent overseas to the Chinese, for example, who are putting pressure on the very producers that need to have stability, that need to have their Federal crop insurance, and those that need to know that we have got an EQIP program and those that need to be able to measure what we are going to do with our CRP program, for example, our conservation programs, all of this is only 20 percent of the overall farm bill, and the other 80 percent goes to nutrition. When I came to this town, there were 19 million people on food stamps; and we called them food stamps then. Nineteen million. At the peak of the Obama administration, which would be about the seventh year of the Obama administration, those 19 million on food stamps had become 47 million on SNAP; and the cost to the taxpayer grew, of course, proportionally and even faster because of the inflationary aspect of this. So we found ourselves at 2
1⁄2times more people on food stamps than there were when I came to this Congress in 2003. How do we fund that? We are watching our deficits go skyhigh: $20 trillion, on the way to $21 trillion, in deficit spending. And where do we get the money to pay the bills that are pushing us into the deficit and running up $20 trillion in national debt? Not deficit spending, Mr. Speaker. Where do we get the money to service the national debt, and where do we get the money to pay the bills as we watch our national debt go up over $20 trillion? Well, the primary places are China, Saudi Arabia. About half of this comes from the American people investing in bonds and securities. So we are borrowing money from China to buy people food stamps, and all we ask in this bill is that they work. b1300 Now, why should a farmer work and watch the stability underneath him that is the farm bill, that is the Federal crop insurance piece, that is EQIP, that is a conservation program that has a MAP program on it, the Market Access Program, why should that farmer be out there sweating—sweating bullets sometimes—wondering if he can make it with markets that are 50 percent of what they were just a few years ago when other people aren’t working at all? Why should the sweat of the farmer’s brow pay for the food of the person that refuses to work? The American people know this, Mr. Speaker. It is not a complicated thing. If you poll that out there and you ask them, 80 to 90 percent of the American people, they say: Yes, you ought to have to work if you are going to eat. It is Biblical, it is John Smith’s rule, and it is the rule within the culture of the American people. It is just a rule that is hard to get passed here on the floor of the House. We don’t force anybody off of food stamps. We only look at the people that are ablebodied, between the ages of, I believe it is, 18 to 59. I know it is not any older than 59. And we say: If you want to get food stamps, then, fine, we will give them to you, but you have to work 20 hours a week or go to school 20 hours a week, or some combination of your own improvement 20 hours a week. Well, 20 hours a week, is that too much to ask, Mr. Speaker, for someone to put in 20 hours a week in order to eat for free all the other hours of the week? I think it is entirely reasonable. And, furthermore, all work has dignity, all work has honor, all work enhances the character and the work ethic of the people doing it. There is no shame in being productive. There is honor in being productive. But 20 hours a week, that is only a day’s work for a farmer that is in the field that is out there planting corn or planting soybeans or harvesting those beans when you see the weather coming in, or combining corn in the fall. When you go, you go, and there are a lot that put in 20hour days, and I know because I keep up with them and so do our crews from time to time. When we have to, you do what you need to do. So, here we are, a bill that has been shot down here on the floor. This is the second time this has happened in the last, I will say, 5 years, a farm bill comes out here to the floor. We just need some Democrats that will support work, and we would have passed this bill here today. But looking at the roster of those that voted ‘‘no,’’ every Democrat voted ‘‘no’’ on this farm bill. And they didn’t vote ‘‘no’’ because they didn’t like what was in on the ag side. They voted ‘‘no’’ because there were work environments on the food stamp side. So when I came to this Congress, there were Democrats here that believed in work, and they would vote accordingly. We had about 53 Blue Dog Democrats, moderate Democrats that wanted to get to a balanced budget, and their agenda was: Let’s cut some spending and let’s raise some taxes. Let’s get to balance. My agenda was: Let’s cut some spending and get to balance, but we can do business. Too many of them were forced to vote for ObamaCare. When they did that, they essentially walked the plank. When they voted for ObamaCare, the American people rose up and voted them out of office and put in conservative Republicans instead. Some of those conservative Republicans decided they wanted to leverage this farm bill for a vote on a bill that includes at least two components of amnesty. I am wondering: Where have we gone, America? Where have we gone that we can’t take care of our farmers? Where have we gone that we can’t require a little bit of work to go along with a lot of free food? Where have we gone when we say that 20 hours a week to get free food—when you ask a farmer to work 20 hours a day when the weather let’s him do that, and to suspend his risk management program at least—it is not suspended here, technically. I mean, it goes on. But the message is to spend it, and the doubt hangs out, and they won’t sleep as well tonight, and they won’t have as good a weekend. And the people that are getting food stamps without work, they are probably snickering a little bit. They might be sitting on the couch in their front lawn right now going: You know what, those Republicans aren’t going to be able to make me work, and all those Democrats are going to protect me so I don’t have to work. I regret the direction that this culture and civilization is going if work is so disparaged by one party that we can’t have a tiny little bit of it plugged into a fully funded welfare program that went from 19 million people on food stamps in 2003, on up to 47 million at its peak, and now down around 45 and change, as I recall. Fortyfive million people on food stamps. And now, another one of these arguments is: Well, we have to bring in workers from overseas. That is one of the bills that some of the folks that voted against the farm bill today, Mr. Speaker, it’s one of the bills that they want to bring to the floor. It brings in guest workers. Well, actually, initially, it won’t bring them in. It will amnesty the ones that are here. People that are working illegally here, a lot of them, in fact, I will say it with confidence, with utter confidence, most of them operating on somebody else’s Social Security number, guilty of the felony of document fraud, would get a pass to stay in America or do a touchback and come back to America. And, you know, the only ones that would leave to do a touchback and come back are the ones that will be precertified to have a free pass coming back into the United States, 410,000— 410,000 would get that pass in a bill that they want to see come to the floor 
I don’t believe, has seen the data. We have been digging it out for months on end, and I think I will soon be able to make it public. Some of them were brought here at 3 years old. Some of them were girls at that age. Some of them, it was their mother. But that doesn’t represent that universe of DACA recipients. And what I do know is, of those large numbers, especially of males that came here illegally, they were 14, 15, 16, and been more years old, that they knew what they were doing and they were responsible for what they were doing. I want to restore the rule of law, pass the farm bill, and I want to get people back to work, and I want to have allies on this floor that support work, whether they are Democrats or Republicans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. SARBANES ): H.R. 5840. A bill to state the policy of the United States with respect to the extended nuclear deterrence posture of the United States in support of NATO and to direct the Secretary of Defense to provide Congress a briefing on such posture; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 35. An act to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes. S. 1285. An act to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3562. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes. H.R. 4009. An act to authorize the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution to plan, design, and construct a central parking facility on National Zoological Park property in the District of Columbia. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, May 21, 2018, at noon for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4911. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMSSC 170051; SC179661 FR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4912. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s affirmation of interim rule as final rule — Oranges, Grapefruit, Tangerines and Pummelos Grown in Florida and Imported Grapefruit; Change of Size Requirements for Grapefruit [Doc. No.: AMSSC170063; SC179051 FIR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4913. A letter from the Acting Administrator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pistachios Grown in California, Arizona, and New Mexico; Decreased Assessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMSSC170048; SC17 9832 FIR] received May 2, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4914. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Statement of Purpose for Department of Defense Acquisition (DFARS Case 2018D005) [Docket: DARS20180017] (RIN: 0750AJ69) received April 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4915. A letter from the Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendments to Forms and Schedules to Remove Provision of Certain Personally Identifiable Information [Release Nos.: 3310486; 3483097; IC 33077] (RIN: 3235AM37) received May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4916. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.624(g) of the Commission’s Rules Regarding Submission of FCC Form 2100, Schedule G, Used to Report TV Stations’ Ancillary or Supplementary Services [MB Docket No.: 17264]; Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative [MB Docket No.: 17105] received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4917. A letter from the Division Chief, Competition Policy Division, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Rural Call Completion [WC Docket No.: 1339] received May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4918. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Revised Critical Infrastructure Protection Reliability Standard CIP0037 — Cyber Security — Security Management Controls [Docket No.: RM1711000] (Order No.: 843) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4919. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Uplift Cost Allocation and Transparency in Markets Operated by Regional Transmission Organizations and Independent System Operators [Docket No.: RM172000, Order No.: 844] received May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4920. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Nuclear Agency (DNA) Freedom of Information Act Program [Docket ID: DOD2017OS0021] (RIN: 0790AJ62) received May 15, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4921. A letter from the Program Coordinator, Duck Stamp Office, Migratory Bird Program, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Migratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp (Duck Stamp) Contest Regulations [Docket No.: FWSHQMB20150161; FXMB 12330900000//189// FF09M13200] (RIN: 1018BB23) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4922. A letter from the Chief Administrative Counsel, Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Filing of Claims Under the Guam World War II Loyalty Recognition Act [Docket No.: FCSC 101] received April 26, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4923. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Straits of Mackinac, Mackinaw City, MI [Docket Number: USCG20180397] (RIN: 1625AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4924. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Volvo Ocean Race Newport; East Passage, Narragansett Bay, RI [Docket Number: USCG2018 0118] (RIN: 1625AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4925. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Housatonic River, Milford and Stratford, CT [Docket Number: USCG20180304] (RIN: 1625 AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4926. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Anchorage Grounds; Galveston Harbor, Bolivar Roads Channel, Galveston, Texas [Docket Number: USCG20150549] (RIN: 1625AA01) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4927. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake Michigan, Calumet Harbor, Chicago, IL [Docket Number: USCG20180234] (RIN: 1625 AA00) received May 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4928. A letter from the SLSDC Chief Counsel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tariff of Tolls [Docket No.: SLSDC20160005] (RIN: 2135AA44) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4929. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170769; Product Identifier 2017NM054AD; Amendment 3919249; AD 20180718] (RIN: 2120AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4930. A letter from the SLSDC Chief Counsel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Seaway Regulations and Rules: Periodic Update, Various Categories [Docket No.: SLSDC20160006] (RIN: 2135AA43) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4931. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA 20180237; Product Identifier 2017SW145AD; Amendment 3919254; AD 20180801] (RIN: 2120AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4932. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; DG Flugzeugbau GmbH Gliders [Docket No.: FAA20180014; Product Identifier 2017CE044AD; Amendment 3919253; AD 20180722] (RIN: 2120AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4933. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20171248; Product Identifier 2017NM162AD; Amendment 3919257; AD 20180901] (RIN: 2120AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4934. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20180305; Product Identifier 2013NM226AD; Amendment 3919259; AD 20180903] (RIN: 2120AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4935. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20180302; Product Identifier 2013NM228AD; Amendment 3919258; AD 20180902] (RIN: 2120AA64) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4936. A letter from the Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rules — Updating the Code of Federal Regulations [Docket No.: EP 746] received May 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4937. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Monthly Compensation for Veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury (RIN: 2900AP23) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 4938. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Special Payments at Age 72 [Docket No.: SSA 20170034] (RIN: 0960AI16] received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 299. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–680). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1972. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–681). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2147. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justiceinvolved veterans, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–682). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3642. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to improve the access to private health care for veterans who are survivors of military sexual trauma; with an amendment (Rept. 115–683). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3832. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the executive director of a national network of Statebased prescription monitoring programs under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such network, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–684). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4334. A bill to provide for certain reporting requirements relating to medical care for women veterans provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with nonDepartment medical providers, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–685). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4451. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a fiveyear extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs; with an amendment (Rept. 115–686). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4635. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peertopeer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–687). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4958. A bill to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–688). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5044. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs (Rept. 115– 689). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 5520. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the efficacy and safety of medicinal cannabis, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–690). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 4294 
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Mrs. NAPOLITANO ): H.R. 8. A bill to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. BISHOP  of Utah, Mr. MULLIN , Mrs. M CMORRIS  RODGERS , Mr. C OLE, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. CRAMER , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico): H.R. 5874. A bill to amend the Indian Health Care Improvement Act to improve the recruitment and retention of employees in the Indian Health Service, restore accountability in the Indian Health Service, improve health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. NORTON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. SABLAN , and Ms. P LASKETT ): H.R. 5875. A bill to amend the Pittman Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the DingellJohnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Columbia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 5876. A bill to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to accept public donations to fund the construction of a barrier on the border between the United States and Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 5877. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to allow for the registration of venture exchanges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5878. A bill to provide for a national strategy to address and overcome Lyme disease and other tickborne diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 5879. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States merchant mariners of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated and vital service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. AGUILAR (for himself, Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5880. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to remove certain restrictions on advertising and public relations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. ROSS, and Mr. K IND): H.R. 5881. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for transparency of Medicare secondary payer reporting information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself and Mr. WENSTRUP ): H.R. 5882. A bill to amend the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to provide for the termination by a spouse of a lessee of certain leases when the lessee dies while in military service; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. POEof Texas): H.R. 5883. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, to develop and implement a strategy for removing unexploded ordnance in Syria and Iraq, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 5884. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish unlawful obstruction of the enforcement of the laws of the United States by State officials, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself and Mr. YOUNG of Alaska): H.R. 5885. A bill to reauthorize the Partners for Fish and Wildlife Program and certain wildlife conservation funds, to establish prize competitions relating to the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking, wildlife conservation, the management of invasive species, and the protection of endangered species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5886. A bill to apply the Bank Secrecy Act to dealers in art or antiquities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Mr. HUIZENGA ): H. Res. 904. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the first Tuesday in June as ‘‘National Cancer Survivor Beauty and Support Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 8. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to general Welfare of the United States), and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes). Mr. KING of Iowa. H.R. 5750. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of United States Constitution By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5874. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5875. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3, 17, and 18; and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 5876. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the authority to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 5877. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3 and 18 By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 5878. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 5879. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 5880. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5881. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 5882. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 13 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 5883. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 5884. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 5885. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5886. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 99: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 173: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 392: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 809: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 1150: Mr. DUFFY and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 1212: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1229: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1377: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 1447: Mr. CRIST, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1881: Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. S CALISE , and Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 2147: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 2234: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 2267: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2358: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 2644: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 3192: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 3395: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 3440: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 3832: Mr. ROUZER and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 3976: Mr. BUDD, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 3990: Mr. WILLIAMS . H.R. 4099: Mr. SERRANO and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4198: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 4327: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4647: Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 4775: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 4819: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mrs. TORRES . H.R. 4846: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 5060: Mr. VARGAS , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5105: Ms. BASSand Mr. B ACON . H.R. 5121: Mr. BACON , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. ABRAHAM , and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 5129: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. L EE, Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 5141: Mr. MCHENRY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. UPTON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. HURD, Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 5244: Mr. COLE. H.R. 5271: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5294: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5333: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 5340: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 5358: Mr. NUNES . H.R. 5385: Mr. SOTO, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 5517: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. POLIQUIN , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5574: Mr. MCGOVERN and Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 5583: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5603: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. G RIFFITH. H.R. 5610: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5620: Ms. NORTON and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 5637: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 5647: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5659: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 5713: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 5789: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5798: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5801: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5806: Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 5814: Ms. FUDGE and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 5838: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5856: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 5861: Mr. FERGUSON . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. ABRAHAM . H. Res. 220: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 332: Mr. CARSON of Indiana and Mr. SOTO. H. Res. 785: Mr. POEof Texas and Mr. BUCSHON . H. Res. 877: Mr. RUSH, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. LANGEVIN , and Ms. L OFGREN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  The provisions of H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the following discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 11, May 17, 2018, by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Khanna, Ms. Blunt Rochester, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Neal, Mr. Kind, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Mr. McGovern, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Sires, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Raskin, Mr. Payne, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Loebsack, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Ms. Hanabusa, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. Kennedy, Ms. Schakowsky, Ms. Esty of Connecticut, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Levin, Ms. Sa´nchez, Ms. Lee, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mrs. Demings, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Welch, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Roybal Allard, Ms. Clarke of New York, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Meeks, Mr. Rush, Ms. Titus, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Adams, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Engel, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Ms. Lofgren, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. Jayapal, Mr. Peters, Mr. Keating, Ms. Bass, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Langevin, Ms. SheaPorter, Mr. Ruppersberger, Ms. Gabbard, Ms. DelBene, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Foster, Mr. Pocan, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Crist, Mr. Panetta, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Takano, and Mr. Blumenauer. f DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge petition: 
Petition 10 by Mr. CURBELO of Florida on House Resolution 774: Mr. Katko, Mr. Trott, Mr. Polis, Mr. Schneider, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Deutch, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Clay, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Richmond, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Pingree, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Sires, Mr. Delaney, Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Carbajal, Ms. Bonamici, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Lawson of Florida, Mr. Peterson, Mr. Krishnamoorthi, Ms. Lofgren, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. Heck, Ms. DelBene, Mrs. Demings, Mr. Ruppersberger, Ms. Meng, Mr. Cicilline, Ms. Adams, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Matsui, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Takano, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Pocan, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Mr. Lamb, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Crist, Ms. Hanabusa, Mr. Costa, Mr. Swalwell of California, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. McEachin, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Espaillat, Ms. Rosen, Mr. O’Halleran, Mrs. Bustos, Ms. Brownley of California, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Peters, Ms. Sinema, Ms. Esty of Connecticut, Mr. Foster, Miss Rice of New York, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Engel, Mr. Norcross, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. Schiff, Ms. Blunt Rochester, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Ellison, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Vargas, Mr. Soto, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Kihuen, Mrs. Lowey, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Keating, Ms. Roybal Allard, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mr. Langevin, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mr. Garamendi, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Nadler, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Ms. Vela´zquez, Mr. Bera, Ms. Titus, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Evans, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Serrano, Ms. Barraga´n, Mr. Higgins of New York, Ms. Jackson Lee, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Himes, Mr. Payne, Ms. Moore, Mr. Aguilar, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Correa, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Khanna, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Raskin, Mrs. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Levin, Ms. Sa´nchez, Ms. Lee, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Welch, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Meeks, Mr. Rush, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. Jayapal, Ms. Bass, Ms. SheaPorter, Mr. O’Rourke, Ms. Gabbard, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Schrader, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Cummings, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Visclosky, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, and Mr. Jeffries. 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL H.R. McMASTER UPON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE U.S. ARMY FOLLOWING 34 YEARS OF DISTINGUISHED SERVICE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a soldier who, for the past 34 years, has been an exceptional and faithful servant to the nation. With the retirement today of Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster, the U.S. Army is losing a towering figure, who more than anyone, embodies what he has described as the ‘‘warrior ethos.’’ As someone who had the good fortune to work with H.R., I can say that serving under his command was one of the great privileges of my life. General McMaster has described the warrior ethos as ‘‘a covenant between the members of our profession comprised of values such as honor, duty, courage, loyalty, and selfsacrifice.’’ H.R. has lived by this covenant, earning a welldeserved reputation as one of the Army’s preeminent soldierscholars and the honor of serving as the President’s primary advisor on national security issues. Over his more than three decades of distinguished service, General McMaster stands out for his success in both conventional and irregular conflict. During the Gulf War, his textbook assault at 73 Easting stands as a highwater mark of American conventional superiority. More than a decade later, his early adoption of a populationcentric approach to warfare turned the tide in Tal Afar and helped usher in a sea change in the American approach to combating the insurgency in Iraq. General McMaster has also stood out for his steadfast commitment to puncturing what he has called the ‘‘vampire fallacy’’ of easy war. This sensibility is captured by the historian T.R. Fehrenbach, who wrote in This Kind of War, ‘‘you may fly over a land forever; you may bomb it, atomize it, pulverize it and wipe it clean of life—but if you desire to defend it, protect it, and keep it for civilization, you must do this on the ground, the way the Roman legions did, by putting your young men into the mud.’’ As H.R. has described, ‘‘Our military is a living historical community and those of us serving today are determined to preserve the legacy of courageous, selfless service that we have inherited from the veterans who have gone before us.’’ There is no one whose legacy of courageous and selfless service is more worthy of preservation than General McMaster. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in saluting Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster for his service on behalf of a grateful nation. I thank H.R. for showing us all what it means to live by the warrior ethos. ARMED FORCES DAY HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Armed Forces Day in honor of the brave men and women who have served and who are serving in the United States Armed Forces during times of war and peace. Celebrated annually on the third Saturday of May, Armed Forces Day came into existence on August 31, 1949, when Secretary of Defense Louis Johnson announced that this single day would replace the individual celebrations for the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force. President Harry Truman led the effort to establish a holiday for citizens to unite and to honor our military heroes for their patriotic service in support of the United States of America. Armed Forces Day also plays an essential part in educating society and expanding public knowledge of the military and the important role they play in every community. The first official Armed Forces Day took place on May 20, 1950, and was themed ‘‘Teamed for Defense.’’ In an excerpt from the Presidential Proclamation of Feb. 27, 1950, President Truman stated: ‘‘Armed Forces Day, Saturday, May 20, 1950, marks the first combined demonstration by America’s defense team of its progress, under the National Security Act, toward the goal of readiness for any eventuality. It is the first parade of preparedness by the unified forces of our land, sea, and air defense.’’ Generations of men and women have answered the call of a nation in need, and on Armed Forces Day, we are especially mindful of their service, sacrifice, and that of their families. I appreciate what communities all over the country do to honor those responsible for our freedom, and I am hopeful we will continue to honor and support our military in all its strength. 
COMMENDING LOCAL 2018 HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES FOR THEIR DECISION TO ENLIST IN THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES AND OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES OF HENRICO, VIRGINIA FOR HOSTING THE FIRST ANNUAL HIGH SCHOOL ENLISTEE RECOGNITION 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 80 Henrico County, Virginia area high school seniors who plan to enlist in the United States Armed Forces after graduation. These students have excelled in their academic and extracurricular activities, and I offer my sincere congratulations for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country upon their high school graduation. I commend these student leaders for their selflessness and courageous decision to serve their country as members of the United States Armed Forces: Chandler Anderson, Michael Armstrong, William Baker, Madison Balagtas, Kahlil Barnes, Alicia Barnett, Trenea Booker, Preston Bourne, Zachary Bowman, Cody Bryant, Naveed Canter, Rebecca Cary, Brandon Church, Nicholas Clarke, Tiana ClaryHaymon, Johnny Clejel, Bryce Courtney, Keanu Davis, Deisler Deleon, Steven Devault, Caleb Dison, Jon Christopher Duran, Jacob Edwards, Deyoni Escalante, Courtney Ferraris, Brianna Field, Connor Foutz, Wyatt Fulton, Christopher Garcia, Eileen GarciaMorales, Tyrese Gary, Kyeron George, Melvin Gwaikolo, Braxton Hicks, Genesis Hill, Donald Hines, Jalen Howard, Christopher Huitzachi, Colin Hurley, Jacob Jenkins, Robert Johnson, Michael Johnson, Isiah Jones, Damian Kidd, Makayla Knipp, Emmanuela Koranteng, Samael Lariosgonzalez, Austin Leroy, Alexander Leseman, Daniel Morris, Marcus Newsom, Marcus Oughton, Alonzo Paige, Christian Pearsall, Samuel Peters III, Nathan Price, Derek Prokesch, Lonnie Reid, Sean Robertson, Nicolaus Ross, Kamario Russ, Dylan Scruggs, Alham Shadan, Jason Shaw, Jordan Shumate, Alyssa Simpson, Jackson Squires, Sarah Stanton, Joshua Tolbert, Jose Torres, Steven Travis, Isaiah Vannote, Dane Virginia, Mubarak Vodel, Andrew Wade, Carl West, Nate Williamson, Christian Yin, Zachariah Youngwood. We also take the time to recognize Samuel Rivas, who only recently passed away but was part of this group of fine men and women; we honor his memory and his willingness to serve our country. These students will be honored by the Henrico Chapter of Our Community Salutes at their Annual Military Enlisted Recognition Ceremony on Tuesday, May 22, 2018 at Hermitage High School in Henrico, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking these young men and women and their families for their dedication to serving this great Nation. We owe them and the many Americans who have served and will serve a debt of gratitude. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the centennial celebration of Maxwell Memorial Library in my hometown of Camillus, New York. 
Maxwell Memorial Library in the Village of Camillus first opened its doors 100 years ago following the advocacy of local teacher K. Belle Hackford, who organized the Camillus Library Association on May 26, 1918. The library was granted a provisional charter on September 22, 1921, and its absolute charter on February 19, 1926. The name was changed to Maxwell Memorial Library, in honor of librarian Mary Ellis Maxwell, on February 28, 1958. Maxwell Memorial Library has had several homes, all on Main Street in the village. Its first location was in one room over Abert’s Plumbing Shop. In 1922, it moved downstairs to a larger space. The next move was in 1924, to the former Cook home. In late 1925, it made a fourth move to an old building behind Kemper Garage before the library finally settled into its current home in the former Presbyterian Church. Today, Maxwell Memorial Library offers adult, early, and digital literacy programs to its patrons. On average, around 31,000 people visit Maxwell Memorial Library every year. It is my honor to recognize Maxwell Memorial Library’s current director, Amanda E. Perrine, and former director, Katy Benson, and Board of Trustees Lucille Adorante, Donna Breen, Michael Dendis, Cynthia Drake, Megan Glass, Sue Mezey, Kristen Northrop, and Barb Parsons for their hard work to make this library what is today. Congratulations on 100 years in our community. 
GLOBAL HEALTH SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT: LESSONS LEARNED AND WAYS FORWARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we held a hearing on global health supply chain management. By holding yesterday’s hearing, this subcommittee is fulfilling its obligation to the American taxpayers to conduct vigorous oversight of our global health programs in order to ensure that U.S. taxpayer dollars are being used properly and efficiently to deliver aid to rightful beneficiaries. It also, we hope, will help better the lives of those beneficiaries in the developing world who receive lifesaving medications thanks to the generosity of the American people. Specifically, we addressed serious concerns regarding the United States Agency for International Development’s contractor selection process and performance by that supply chain management company, Chemonics International, which was awarded the agency’s largest ever monetary contract—a contract with a ceiling of $9.5 billion over five years. Congressional interest in this was triggered by reports last year that Chemonics had failed repeatedly to deliver essential health commodities in a timely manner to African and other countries where they are desperately needed—most critically, antiretrovirals to treat HIV/ AIDS patients. At its lowest point, only seven percent of deliveries were made on time and in full. The purpose of this hearing is to determine where USAID went wrong in the selection and transition process of this contractor and what can be done to prevent such a failure in the future. In January of 2014, USAID issued a Request for Proposals for a supply chain management contractor that would consolidate procurement and delivery of health commodities to Africa and elsewhere as well as provide health systems strengthening in conjunction with the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR). Two companies responded to the request, the first being the then existing contractor, Partnership for Supply Chain Management, and the second being Chemonics. In April 2015, USAID awarded the contract to Chemonics, in large part because Chemonics displayed greater data visibility and IT capability. As might be expected, the incumbent losing bidder filed a complaint against USAID with the U.S. Government Accountability Office and, upon losing that, lodged an appeal with the U.S. Court of Federal Claims. In both instances, a deferential standard of review is applied, and thus USAID’s decision was upheld. Following the final decision, the Partnership began the process to transition services to Chemonics. While tensions between the two companies were evident throughout the transition process, performance levels remained steady until after Chemonics fully took over operations. At the end of 2016, under Chemonics’ leadership, on time deliveries dropped from 84 percent to 67 percent. They continued to freefall throughout 2016, down to 31 percent and then reaching an alltimelow of 7 percent in the first quarter of 2017. During this time, some countries reported stockouts of some commodities. This absolutely unacceptable delivery record resulted in part from poor data quality, weak inventory management and distribution practices and poor planning. Moreover, while hindsight is 20/20, one cannot but question what justified certain of the assumptions USAID made when it selected Chemonics. For example, USAID had graded Chemonics’ data visibility as ‘‘Excellent,’’ placing great reliance on Chemonics’ promises regarding an IT system. No demonstration of a functioning IT system was ever requested by USAID during the selection process, however, nor any inperson presentation during which the Technical Evaluation Committee could ask questions. Indeed, no such demonstration could have taken place, as Chemonics had not even completed building the IT system that was specifically required in the request for proposals. The system would not be fully functional until June 2017, nearly a year and half after Chemonics began operations. While USAID did require a corrective action plan from Chemonics and implemented some corrective measures on the company—including freezing promotions and raises until performance reaches an acceptable level—it is the spur of congressional oversight, including visits to the field, which has forced the issue and brings us to where we are today, demanding answers and seeking solutions. Our oversight continues to raise questions, and not only with respect to the implementing partner, but also how PEPFAR and USAID are coordinating their activities. We need to know how is it that each year PEPFAR engages partner nations in developing Country Operational Plans designed to meet particular needs in each nation while guaranteeing that annual taxpayer investments are ‘‘maximally focused and traceable for impact,’’ yet USAID is still paying for the drug Nevirapine to give to HIV patients in Africa. Nevirapine is an outdated drug with serious side effects that was supposed to have been retired a long time ago. I expected to hear from our witnesses not only a postmortem of what went wrong—and by that, not simply a passive voice recitation that ‘‘mistakes were made’’—but also concrete solutions for how we can prevent such mistakes in the future. f 
IN HONOR OF THE WYOMING STATE SOCIETY, DAUGHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION’S ONE HUNDRED AND THIRD ANNUAL CONFERENCE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Wyoming State Society, Daughters of the American Revolution, which will hold its one hundred and third annual conference on May 17–20 in Cheyenne, Wyoming. Daughters of the American Revolution has a long tradition of promoting historic preservation, education, and patriotism across the country and state of Wyoming. This year at their conference, members from around the state will come together to celebrate their contributions to Wyoming history and society, present the first annual scholarship to promote Native American education, and present the D.A.R. Good Citizen’s award. They will hear from a host of speakers, including Claudia Stowers, the Vice President for Advancement of the Museum of the American Revolution, and they will rededicate a monument and benches donated by their organization 42 years ago. Members of the D.A.R. have a deep sense of patriotism and support for our armed services. At the conference they will also celebrate the 100th anniversary of Germany’s surrender in WWI. During World War I, the state of Wyoming was very involved in war efforts. Fort D.A. Russell, now called F.E. Warren Air Force Base, outside of Cheyenne served as a major mobilization point at the start of the war. 11,393 Wyoming men served in the war. As a state with expansive agricultural and energy production, Wyoming was integral in providing resources for our troops and civilians. During this time, Wyoming oil production doubled and ranchers and farmers worked tirelessly to meet the increasing demand. I join the members of the Daughters of the American Revolution in remembering and thanking those in our state and across the country for their contributions to our armed forces during World War I and throughout history. I would also like to thank the members of the Daughters of the American Revolution for all they do to preserve the history of our great state and country and to promote the importance of education and patriotism of our great nation. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to acknowledge the many contributions the women of the Daughters of the American Revolution have 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to Mr. Richard S. Monson. Richard has been the driving force behind Southwest Georgia Farm Credit in Bainbridge, Georgia for 18 years and currently serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO). He will be retiring on July 31, 2018. A native of Maryland, Richard received a Bachelor’s of Science degree from West Virginia University and a Master’s degree from Clemson University, both in Agricultural Economics. He also attended the Graduate School of Banking at Louisiana State University. For over three decades, Richard Monson has been a highly trusted leader in the financial services industry and in rural America. He has built an impressive career, beginning with his work with the West Virginia Farm Commission’s prison farm system. Richard went on to serve as a Data Management and Research Analyst in the Department of Agricultural Economics and Rural Sociology at Clemson University. He joined the Farm Credit System in 1986, when he became a Senior Economist at AgFirst Farm Credit Bank in Columbia, South Carolina. He later joined Farm Credit of Southwest Florida in Arcadia, Florida, where he served in a variety of roles including Commercial Loan Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief Lending Officer. He became the President and CEO of Southwest Georgia Farm Credit in 2000 and has since distributed $89 million of member dividends to the company’s farmer owners with more than $900 million in assets. Richard’s diligent commitment to financial services and rural America has also been mirrored by his involvement in the community. He has served on the Board of Trustees of Edison College in Fort Myers, Florida and as the Chairman of the AgFirst Presidents Group and the Georgia Cooperative Council. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ We are so grateful that Richard Monson has given his time and talents to provide a premier financial institution for the farmers of Southwest Georgia. A man of great integrity, his efforts, his dedication, and his expertise are unparalleled. Southwest Georgia shines a little brighter because of Richard Monson. He has accomplished much in his life, but none of it would have been possible without the love and support of his wife, Linda, and their two daughters, Katie and Kristen. After retirement, Richard will enjoy spending time with the family he cherishes so dearly. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife, Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District, in extending our sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Mr. Richard S. Monson upon the occasion of his retirement from an outstanding career in financial services supporting agriculture in Southwest Georgia. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD an exchange of letters in connection with S. 2372, the VA MISSION Act. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Hon. PHILROE, Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMAN ROE: On May 8, 2018, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs ordered reported H.R. 5674, the VA MISSION Act of 2018. As you know, the Committee on Rules was granted an additional referral upon the bill’s introduction pursuant to the Committee’s jurisdiction under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives over rules and joint rules of the House. Because of your willingness to consult with my committee and make necessary changes to the legislation regarding this matter, I will waive consideration of the bill by the Rules Committee. By agreeing to waive its consideration of the bill, the Rules Committee does not waive its jurisdiction over H.R. 5674. In addition, the Committee on Rules reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provisions of the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any House Senate conference that may be convened on this legislation. I ask your commitment to support any request by the Committee on Rules for conferees on H.R. 5674 or related legislation. I also request that you include this letter and your response as part of your committee’s report on the bill and in the Congressional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, PETESESSIONS , Chairman, House Committee on Rules. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, May 10, 2018. Hon. PETESESSIONS , Chairman, Committee on Rules, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Rules Committee’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 5674, the VA MISSION Act of 2018, and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 5674 by your committee. I agree that the Committee on Rules has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 5674, and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to forego consideration of H.R. 5674. As you have requested, I will address the necessary changes to the legislation and I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. Finally, I will include a copy of your letter and this response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, DAVID P. R OEM.D., Chairman. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with immense respect and great honor that I rise today to recognize Bernice May Hoyt for receiving the Outstanding Contribution by a Senior Citizen Award for Greene County. This designation honors an exceptional senior citizen in Greene County who has demonstrated an unyielding commitment to the betterment of the community. From volunteering at her local church and assisting her elderly neighbors, to donating her time and services to the Mountain Top Food Pantry, Bernice has given selflessly to provide for her friends and neighbors, and especially for area seniors. Through her actions, Bernice has improved the quality of life for countless individuals and has become a cornerstone of the Greene County community. I am grateful for Bernice’s years of dedication to the Greene County community, to the 19th District, and to New York state. I wish her the best as she continues to serve as an inspiration to all who have the pleasure of crossing paths with her. 
IN HONOR OF DON HANSEN’S RETIREMENT FROM HANSEN & PECK LAW FIRM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Don Hansen on his retirement. This is a momentous occasion and I hope that he will take the time to reflect upon all his hard work over the past 50 years working as an attorney in Newcastle, Wyoming. I thank him for his contributions to Hansen & Peck and to our community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Don Hansen on his retirement. I wish him the best in future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Greater Denton Arts Council as it celebrates its 50th Anniversary as the home for Denton’s artists and community organizations. 
The Greater Denton Arts Council traces its roots back to 1967, when the Denton Chamber of Commerce formed a Fine Arts and Cultural Affairs Committee to demonstrate its support of the arts. In 1969, this committee became an independent entity and renamed itself the Greater Denton Arts Council (GDAC), becoming the umbrella organization for area arts, cultural and educational entities. To address the need for a permanent arts facility in Denton, an ad hoc committee began planning in 1973 to reach that goal. A lease was finally negotiated by the GDAC in 1981 to convert several existing industrial buildings located at the southwest corner of East Hickory St. and South Bell Ave. Renovations began in 1984 to convert the warehouse located at the southwest corner of the intersection into what would become the Center for the Visual Arts (CVA). The CVA opened to the public with its first art exhibition in the Meadows Gallery. In 2014, the CVA was subsequently renamed the Patterson–Appleton Arts Center. The GDAC also renovated the Campus Theatre building in the 1990s, converting the 1,200 seat movie house into a 300 seat live theatre and performance venue. In doing so, the GDAC preserved the unique latedeco design features of the structure and established a suitable local venue to support performing organizations. In the decades since its inception, GDAC venues have provided local Denton County audiences with highquality permanent and temporary exhibitions for local and national artists. Additionally, the GDAC has served as an umbrella organization for collaborative efforts with area universities, the Denton Independent School District and the City of Denton, including programs such as the ‘‘Get Started with the Arts’’ program to introduce Denton elementary students to classical music, visual arts, professional theater, ballet and opera. GDAC has been an integral part of the annual Congressional Art Contest since 2003, serving as host of the annual High School Art Contest for the 26th District of Texas. Each year the GDAC has staged the exhibition and hosted the recognition reception for hundreds of North Texas students, their parents, and teachers following this professionallyjudged contest. As the GDAC meets for the presentation of the Community Arts Recognition Award (CARA) to this year’s recipients, I extend my deepest appreciation on behalf of the constituents of the 26th District of Texas. The commitments of those recognized this year, along with the past and future honorees, are welldeserved for their role in support of educational and cultural mission of GDAC and the artistic and cultural presence that makes Denton, Texas such a unique place to call home. 
HONORING DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE, MAJOR GENERAL STEPHEN DENKER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Deputy Director of the National Reconnaissance Office, Major General Stephen Denker. General Denker is retiring after a long and impressive career in the Air Force. Though his Air Force assignments have taken him around the world, three of those assignments have been in Colorado and his family has called Centennial home for the past three years. General Denker looks forward to returning ‘‘home’’ to Colorado and spending more time with his wife Corinne and sons Ben and Jake. Jake will graduate from Grandview High School this spring. Like his father, Gen. Denker’s older son Ben, is serving in the Air Force and has accepted the demanding challenge of training to be a Pararescueman and their motto ‘‘That Others May Live’’. General Denker was born in Illinois and moved to Wisconsin in 6th grade. He earned his commission through the Air Force Reserve Officer’s Training Corps and a Bachelor’s degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the University of Minnesota–Twin Cities Institute of Technology as well as a Masters of System Management from the University of Southern California. During his career General Denker has served in a variety of acquisition, operational, command and staff assignments in the United States and overseas. A true space professional, nearly all of his 32 year career has been dedicated to acquiring space capabilities and leading other space professionals in support of the Intelligence Community and Department of Defense. General Denker held multiple commands at the squadron, group and wing level and was responsible for the development of leaders across the Air Force as the Commandant of Air Command and Staff College and the Vice Commander of the Spaatz Center. As the Deputy Director of the National Reconnaissance Office, General Denker has been critical to coordinating national space capabilities like the National Space Defense Center. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I have appreciated both his expertise and candor in his appearance before the Strategic Forces subcommittee on space issues. While I’ll miss seeing General Denker before the committee, I look forward to seeing him back home in Colorado. On behalf of my House colleagues, I take this opportunity to thank Major General Denker for his service to the nation and wish him well in retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and birthday wishes to a dedicated man of God and community servant, Reverend Gozie E. Penson, who is celebrating his 100th birthday at 2 p.m. on Saturday, May 26, 2018 at the Holiday Inn located at 197 East Broad Street in Athens, Georgia. Reverend Gozie E. Penson was born on May 31, 1918 in Fayette County, Georgia. He is a product of the Peach County School System and a member of Henry Hunt High School’s graduating class. After graduating from high school, he attended Morehouse College and earned a Bachelor’s of Divinity degree from Howard University’s School of Religion. Rev. Penson received a calling to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ to migrants in Pocomoke City, Maryland and Belle Glade, Florida through the National Council of Churches. He later served with the Presbyterian Church in Tuskegee and Montgomery, Alabama as well as the Urban League in Washington, D.C. Throughout his life, Rev. Penson was an active member of several civic organizations where he poured his time and energy including Tuskegee’s Retired Senior Volunteer Program, Committee for Good Government, Oenology Club, and the Tuskegee Civic Association. Acts 20:35 says, ‘‘I have shown you in every way, by laboring like this, that you must support the weak. And remember the words of the Lord Jesus, that He said, ‘It is more blessed to give than to receive .’ ’’ Truly, Reverend Penson has abided by this scripture, understanding his calling and purpose to serve God’s people and his community. Reverend Penson has accomplished many things in his life, but none of these would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of his late wife, Claudine, and their children, Merryll, Elvin, and Nari. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife, Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District, in recognizing Reverend Gozie E. Penson for his selfless service to God, his church, and humankind. We extend our best wishes to him as he, his family, and friends celebrate his 100th birthday. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE JONES FAMILY, TRIPLE J ENTERPRISES, INC. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, Robert H. Jones, his wife Margaret A. Jones, and their family are known in the Marianas and throughout the Western Pacific for their successes in business. They are also known for the vision and heart with which they have used their personal successes for the benefit of the communities where they live and do business. Born in North Carolina, Robert (‘‘Bob’’) Jones moved to Guam in 1957 to work for the company his brother Kenneth had started— Jones & Guerrero, Incorporated. Bob would work alongside Ken for the next 24 years, rising to be Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the company. In 1984, though, he struck out on his own and established Triple J Enterprises on Guam, a reference to the Jones’ three children—Julie, Jeff and Jay. Starting with a Subaru distributorship he bought from Ken the company did well, later venturing up two years later to Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands. From the inception, it was a family business: Margaret did the buying, handled advertising and public relations, and was the company treasurer. Sister Georgia J. Stafford also lent 
a hand when needed; and the children helped out cleaning cars and working in the parts and service departments. At first, Triple J distributed Subaru automobiles, Hino heavy trucks and buses, and Bluebird school buses. As business grew they added the Ford, Mazda, Lincoln, Hyundai, Isuzu, Suzuki, Volvo, Honda, Acura, Kia and Mitsubishi brands to the company’s automobile business portfolio. And when the children returned from college the business began expanding beyond automobiles and beyond Guam and the Northern Marianas. In 1987, in alignment with Bob’s visionary persona, Triple J began working in wholesale foods and retail grocery with a business on Ebeye in the Marshall Islands. Further expansion years later added nearby Majuro, where the company today continues to operate similar businesses. In 1998, the wholesale business would expand west to Palau along with a bakery, convenience store, and Shell service station. Triple J would further diversify into the restaurant business beginning in the mid1990s with the purchase of an Outback Steakhouse franchise on Guam and, later, Tony Roma’s, Capricciosa, Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, and Great Harvest Bakery franchises on Saipan. Scheduled to open in 2019, a Red Lobster franchise restaurant now under development on Guam will be a new addition to the restaurant group. In 1994, Triple J had a hand in negotiating the arrival of KMart on Guam. That store, bucking a national trend of closures, remains to this day one of the most successful KMarts anywhere. Into the new millennium, by 2005 Triple J had grown to be the fourth largest business in Micronesia, as ranked by the Guam Business Magazine. The Guam Chamber of Commerce named the company Business Laureate of the Year and inducted Triple J into the Guam Business Hall of Fame—the youngest corporation to receive the honor. And they just kept growing. Triple J acquired Hertz RentaCar rights and became exclusive distributor in all of Micronesia for Solahart—an Australian solar water heater company. Capitalizing on another opportunity, Triple J developed a firstofitskind affordable housing development on Saipan, subsidized by the U.S. Treasury’s LowIncome Housing Tax Credit Program. Sandy Beach Homes—a $27 million, 60unit project—was completed in late 2011; and a second, affordable housing project—Saipan Comfort Homes—quickly followed with another 40 units. Sharing in the value of philanthropy, the Jones family and Triple J make efforts to enhance the quality of life of those in need. On Guam, Triple J partners with the American Cancer Society Guam Chapter annually to support their signature funding event, Relay for Life, raising as much as $40,000 in one year alone. In the Northern Marianas, the company regularly contributes to the Red Cross WalkaThon, the Marianas March Against Cancer, MakeAWish Foundation, and numerous other charitable programs raising money for relief efforts and cancer research. They have also been the official car sponsor of the Miss Marianas Pageant and the Northern Mariana Islands Football Association. This larger concern for the welfare of the whole community came into further relief when the Marianas was hit by Typhoon Soudelor in 2015. The worst typhoon in decades, Soudelor carried sustained winds exceeding 100 miles per hour. In the wake of the devastation, which left most people on Saipan without power for a month, Bob Jones donated thousands of dollars in food to help the Salvation Army set up a hot meals program in Kagman, one of the hardesthit villages. For his selflessness and support, when the community was in dire need, the Rotary Club of Saipan awarded Bob Jones its Citizen of the Year award in 2016. ‘‘Customers first’’ is Triple J’s simple mission statement and yet, it holds a more complex meaning displayed in the actions behind their successes. That peoplecentric view serves as a model to other businesses in the communities they serve. Through all these years of dynamic growth, the importance of family remains central to the successes of Bob and Margaret. Son Jeffery is the president and chief operating officer of the company. Son Jay is senior vice president with a focus on automotive operations. And, while daughter Julie spends much of her time in a professional counseling practice, her husband, Dan Murrell, serves as senior vice president in charge of real estate, food, and restaurant operations. Mother Margaret remains company treasurer. Bob is chairman and CEO. Growing into the third generation, five of their eleven grandchildren have begun working for the family business. Today, the Triple J group employs over 900 employees across the Micronesia region, many of whom have been with the business for twenty plus years. Please join me in thanking and congratulating true citizens of the Marianas, Bob and Margaret Jones and all their family for over 60 years of service and success in the Marianas and throughout Micronesia. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Deborah Leliaert, Vice President for University Relations and Planning, as she retires from her position at the University of North Texas. Ms. Leliaert joined UNT in 1992 as director of news while attending UNT’s Toulouse Graduate School. In 1996, she advanced to associate vice president for marketing and communication and UNT System associate vice chancellor for communications and marketing. She held this title until 2001 when the UNT System Board of Regents approved the creation of associate vice president for university relations. Ms. Leliaert was promoted into this new role to oversee the university’s communications and marketing as well as visitor and public relations. She continued in this capacity as associate vice chancellor for communications and marketing for the UNT System. In a career spanning more than a quarter century of UNT’s history, Ms. Leliaert witnessed a tremendous period of growth, challenge, and celebration, serving six presidents and three chancellors as the institution’s chief internal and external spokesperson through much of this time. This window of UNT’s history included its acceptance as a full member of the Association of Public and Landgrant Universities; countless new programs and building projects; new campuses; recognition of UNT as an emerging research institution and the development of groundbreaking relationships for the University through research efforts and public partnerships such as exists with UNT’s current relationship with the Dallas Cowboys. Managing much of the marketing and communications involved in supporting UNT’s brand management and institutional reputation, Ms. Leliaert also supported UNT’s ambitious student recruitment and retention objectives for a campus that has grown by almost 20 percent in only the second half of her tenure with UNT. Her efforts to bolster UNT in the media intersected with the rapid rise of social media and modern transformation of the media landscape. Ms. Leliaert’s talents, particularly her eloquence and skill to respond in times of crisis, will be sorely missed by the UNT community. As a proud UNT alumnus, I thank her for her contributions as a longserving member of UNT’s staff, and I wish her much happiness as she commences her retirement after a significant and successful career. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Darlynn Blea for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Darlynn Blea received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Darlynn Blea is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Darlynn Blea for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
CELEBRATING THE FORTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARC OF SCHUYLER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the fortieth anniversary of The Arc of Schuyler. The Arc of Schuyler is a private, not for profit organization providing support to people with intellectual and developmental disabilities, including autism, and their families. The Arc of Schuyler is a Chapter of the Arc of New York, 
which is the largest not for profit organization working with and for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities in New York State and is a member of The Arc of the United States. A courageous group of family members and friends of people with intellectual and developmental disabilities founded The Arc of Schuyler on May seventh, in the year nineteen hundred and seventyeight. From modest beginnings it has become the most comprehensive provider of support in Schuyler County to hundreds of people with developmental disabilities and their families. The Arc of Schuyler is an advocacy agency that believes all people have the fundamental moral, civic, and constitutional rights to live, learn, and work in safe and respectful communities of their choosing without prejudice. A volunteer Board of Directors including relatives of persons with a developmental disability and dedicated community leaders continue to provide their experience and insight to ensure the rights of people with developmental disabilities. The Arc of Schuyler urges all citizens to give full support to the efforts empowering people with intellectual and developmental disabilities so that they may live full and productive lives of inclusion in our communities. Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me to commend The Arc of Schuyler upon the occasion of its fortieth anniversary in the year two thousand eighteen. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with profound respect that I rise today to recognize and celebrate Dede TernsThorpe of Haines Falls for being named Greene County’s 2018 Senior Citizen of the Year. This is a designation reserved for the outstanding individual in Greene County who has continuously and selflessly gone above and beyond to make a positive impact on the community. From her time working as a nurse and for the U.S. postal service, to her volunteerism delivering meals to her neighbors and gardening, Dede has been dedicated to the Greene County community and has shown compassion and care in all that she does. As the town historian of Hunter, Dede has made great contributions to the history of the area, unearthing the wonders, stories, and heroes of Greene County’s past. I am grateful for Dede’s many years of dedicated service to Greene County, to the 19th District, and to New York State. I wish her the best as she continues to preserve the region’s history and I am thankful for her many contributions to the community. AMBER COOPER HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Amber Cooper for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Amber Cooper received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Amber Cooper is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Amber Cooper for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraordinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. I included in the RECORD remarks by Nile Burch. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this crisis of gun violence. 
MARCH FOR OURLIVES’ REMARKS  (By Nile Burch) Hello and good morning! My name is Nile Birch and I am from Morristown High School. I would like to begin by thanking Ms. Bosrock for this incredible opportunity. I appreciate all of her support and help in making this possible. I am so proud to be representing my AfricanAmerican and social activism club, Melanin Minds, at the march today. Melanin Minds consists of a group of united and ethnically diverse individuals dedicated towards raising awareness within our communities. Encouraging change is exactly what our club is about, and I am honored to speak to everyone today about the issue of gun violence on behalf of our president, Bella Simon. So why should I take such a vested interest in this issue? I can understand how it is a Constitutional right for people to own guns. But, as we’ve all come to realize, there is a lot of gray area in that. Nevertheless, that area should never include questioning public safety. If people choose to own guns, that is their prerogative, but in no way shape or form should their interest threaten the lives of anyone or anything else. Yet, the trouble I think we all experience is that the current laws we haveare nowhere strict enough to make people feel at ease. Then again, there is a fine line between feeling ‘at ease’ and feeling ‘safe.’ We do not need politicians to acknowledge what happened in past and recent school shootings. We need them to look at Columbine, Sandy Hook, Marjory Stoneman Douglas, and countless others as an incentive to want to prevent more shootings from ever happening again. In simpler terms, we need to emphasize that it’s okay to recognize what happened in the past as long as we use those events to carve out a pathway towards our future! To truly understand what it feels like to be safe, we must first realize what it is like to live in fear. As an AfricanAmerican male, living in fear means wearing a hoodie and being scared to walk to the store for some skittles or an Arizona Iced Tea, or wanting to sell CDs. What I am saying is that having this angst festering inside of me every day is my reality, but it does not have to be yours too. School shootings? Children in school. A place where students go to learn, make friends, and find themselves as human beings. A place parents can drop their kids and feel safe in knowing that their precious children are protected at all costs. It isn’t true. It doesn’t exist. And that, my friends, is the sad reality of today. Why we are here. Why we care. We must stand together so that every single one of us can feel safe. You guys might be wondering ‘what does he mean by starting to make a difference, how can I, a high school student, have any influence?’ Let me tell you guys a brief story to make it clearer. I remember being on the playground and looking up at those tall monkey bars towering above the field. They seemed so big and tall, like something incredible. Of course, to any sevenyearold, climbing it seems a feat worth trying. But, no matter how hard I tried it was still physically impossible for my short arms to reach the highest bar. I tell this story because on this day, March 24, 2018, our end goal may seem impossible to reach. It may seem so idealistic that we doubt seeing such immense change within the course of our lifetime. However, I am confident that meeting our goal can become a reality by taking the right steps to get there. I didn’t finish my childhood story. As I started to climb the bars, I had multiple encounters with failure and defeat by slipping off of the handlebars. Enacting change to the issue of gun violence is no different. We have and will continue to encounter obstacles that will try to prevent us from succeeding. In order to overcome these difficulties, it is imperative that we lobby Congress to change the gun laws to ensure that only those who are able to handle the responsibility of owning a gun can do so. It is also paramount that organizations such as the NRA accept the consequences of prioritizing profit over life. I remain optimistic that we’ll be able to do this because, despite having fallen multiple times on the wood chips, I persevered and, yes, eventually reached the top. The feeling at the top of those monkey bars was one I’ll never forget. For a brief moment in time I felt like the king of the world with nothing to stop me. I made my way down, and yes, fell again, but this time it was worth it. I have no doubt that this movement will feel the same way when we make strides. The obstacles will never truly go away, but we will enact laws, start protests and incite conversations that will make these obstacles irrelevant. Piece by piece we will inspire other students to gain the courage to stand up for what they believe in. Piece by piece we will show youth that they have a voice and that it does matter. And piece by piece we will once again feel safe enough to walk our school hallways without feeling as if that is the last day we’ll walk at all. 
Contact our congressmen! These men are in the government speaking for and representing you. Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen, Rep. Leonard Lance, Sen. Cory Booker, and Sen. Robert Menendez all need to hear from you about how we feel about gun violence. If we want to save lives, it begins with speaking with our powerful elected officials. You’ve already climbed your first bar just by being here today. Hopefully you’ve been listening, and hopefully you take the next step to putting an end to gun violence! I am so impressed with the numbers here today and I want you guys to keep fighting, and keep climbing, because eventually, we willreach the top, together! Thank you and have a good day! f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Anessa Flores for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Anessa Flores received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Anessa Flores is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Anessa Flores for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
CELEBRATING THE 350TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SETTLEMENT OF SAULT SAINTE MARIE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the city of Sault Sainte Marie upon the occasion of its 350th Anniversary. Through three and a half centuries of community investment and growth, the Soo has become an indispensable part of the Upper Peninsula and the state of Michigan. For centuries before the arrival of Europeans, the area now known as Sault Sainte Marie was inhabited by Chippewa Native Americans. In 1668, French missionaries Jacques Marquette and Claude Dablon founded a Jesuit mission near the rapids of the St. Mary’s River—establishing the oldest permanent settlement in what is now the state of Michigan. The first look connecting Lake Superior to Lake Huron was constructed in 1855, and since then a steady flow of goods and materials have flowed through this critical junction. Over its 350 years, the settlement grew from a mission and base for fur trappers into a modern city and major artery for the industry of the Great Lakes. In honor of the Soo’s semiseptcentennial, the city is hosting a variety of events and celebrations throughout the year. The festivities kicked off with the ball drop that welcomed the New Year, and has already included the 50th Annual I–500 Snowmobile Race and the annual opening of the Soo Locks. From July 20th to the 27th, the city will host a weeklong 350th Festival filled with history, games, kids’ entertainment, music, and food. The closing ceremonies for the yearlong festivities will be December 16, 2018, with a performance at Pullar Stadium and the closing of the Semiseptcentennial Time Capsule. Mr. Speaker, day after day, the city of Sault Sainte Marie continues to set a positive example of what can be achieved when the people of a community work together for the common good. It’s my honor to congratulate them for their 350 years of success and community growth. On behalf of my constituents, I wish the Soo all the best as it ventures into the future. f 
TRIBUTE TO MAYOR OF AURORA, COLORADO, STEPHEN D. HOGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of a truly great citizen of the United States, the Mayor of Aurora, Colorado, Stephen D. Hogan. Mayor Hogan passed away on May 13, 2018. Throughout his nearly eight year tenure as the mayor of my hometown, Steve Hogan oversaw a remarkable and exciting renaissance in the city. Aurora has become Colorado’s third largest city, and a driving force of innovation, development, and economic opportunity. Aurora has also become an even greater place to live, work, and raise a family. I first met Steve Hogan 35 years ago when I returned home to Aurora after serving in the Marines. I have had the distinct pleasure to call him a friend ever since. Mayor Hogan’s career in public service has taken him from serving in the Colorado House of Representatives in the 1970’s, to serving six terms as an Aurora City Council Member, and finally to two terms elected as the Mayor of the city I know he loved so dearly. Throughout his time serving the citizens of Aurora, Mayor Hogan managed its remarkable growth. Although thought of by many as simply a suburb of the city of Denver, Aurora is so much more. In fact, Aurora is now the 54th largest city in the United States. During Mayor Hogan’s tenure, Aurora saw the expansion of the E–470 highway, the continued buildout of the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus, the final stages of the construction of the Gaylord Rockies Resort and Convention Center, and the openings of an Amazon Fulfillment Center and a Walmart Distribution Center. In addition, he worked closely with the Regional Transport District on the innovative public private partnership that resulted in the completion of the RLine light rail that runs throughout the city years ahead of schedule. These new developments have contributed millions of dollars to Aurora’s economy, creating new jobs and exciting economic opportunities. Buckley Air Force Base, the largest employer in the City of Aurora, also flourished under Mayor Hogan’s leadership. While other military installations have troubled relationships with their local communities, Mayor Hogan was an avid supporter of the base and a supporter of efforts now nearing completion to add over 1,000 acres of open space around the base that will protect it from encroachment. In April, as a mark of its respect of the Mayor, Aurora City Council voted unanimously to rename the 6th Avenue Parkway Extension as the Stephen D. Hogan Parkway. Mayor Hogan exemplified the spirit of public service, and my hometown of Aurora would not be the wonderful place that it is without his vision and his leadership. We are all better off because of his decades of hard work. My heartfelt thanks to Mayor Hogan and I salute him for his service to our fellow citizens. I am proud to have been able to call him a friend and his family are in my thoughts and prayers. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Devan Garcia for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Devan Garcia received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Devan Garcia is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Devan Garcia for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize and thank Dr. Don Stockton for his tireless service and unwavering commitment to the students and employees of the Conroe Independent School District. A graduate of both Purdue University and Texas A&M University, Don Stockton began his career in education as a math teacher in Lafayette, Indiana, but just two years later, Don found his way to Conroe lSD, where he continued to teach math and coach at Conroe High School and Travis Junior High School. Over the course of seventeen years, Don served throughout Conroe lSD: working as the Assistant Principal at Oak Ridge High School, the Assistant Principal and Principal of McCullough Junior High, the Assistant Principal and Principal of Knox Junior High, the Principal of The Woodlands High School, and 
the Interim and Assistant Superintendent of Schools. In 2003, Don was appointed Conroe ISD’s Superintendent of Schools—a posting he has held for fifteen years. Under his leadership, Conroe ISD has reached new levels of success and earned countless performance and achievement awards—becoming the largest school district to ever be named Exemplary by the Texas Education Agency and one of only three school districts with the highest academic achievement rating eight years in a row. Throughout his time in Montgomery County and the Greater Houston Area, Don has used his talents to serve his community in both Conroe ISD and a wide variety of educational and civic organizations. These tireless efforts have not gone unnoticed. Dan’s hard work and passion for service have earned him the title of Superintendent of the Year, Citizen of the Year, and many other community and public service awards. Don dedicated his career to making a difference in his community that reached far beyond the classroom, and thousands of students, families, educators, and staff have been changed for the better due to his efforts. I am proud to join his wife, Kara; his daughter, Brooke; his friends; and his colleagues in thanking Don for his career of service and wishing him the best as he begins his welldeserved retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the contribution of seven centenarian residents of Everlasting Pine HDFC on Chung Pak Local Development Corporation ’ s Elderly Appreciation Day, and in recognition of Older American’s Month and Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. Built in 1993 through a HUD senior supportive housing program, Everlasting Pine HDFC has provided a home and a community to lowincome seniors. Safe and affordable housing is essential to lowincome seniors and allows residents to live independent and vibrant lives. Symbolizing decades of longevity and hard work, this occasion reflects an important milestone in a growing segment of American life, the Centenarians. Over the years, these special individuals have contributed to our nation, witnessing remarkable changes and extraordinary progress. They have lived through some of the most exciting times in our nation’s history. Li Keng Tsuei, Hai Liu, Mark Chan Sze, Rong Guo Xin, Ng Kwa Ying, Wu Siu Ying and Yee Mee Ting are all lifelong residents of Chinatown who are 100 years of age and older. They have individually contributed to the fabric and welfare of their neighborhood and New York City. They have earned the respect and affection of people from all walks of life. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring these remarkable centenarians and wish them continued health and happiness. BABITA GAUTAM HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Babita Gautam for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Babita Gautam received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Babita Gautam is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Babita Gautam for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and birthday wishes to a dedicated woman of God and respected librarian, Mrs. Alberta Logan Griffin Shipman, who celebrated her 90th birthday on April 28, 2018 at the Doubletree Hotel in Columbus, Georgia. Mrs. Shipman was born on May 5, 1928 to Rogers and Hattie Whiteside Logan of Rutherfordton, North Carolina. She received her Bachelor’s degree from Albany State College (now Albany State University Library Media Specialist and Master of Education degrees from Columbus State University, and Master of Library Science degree from what is now Clark Atlanta University. In 1973, Mrs. Shipman became the Director of the South Columbus Branch Library in the Chattahoochee Valley Regional Library System, making her the first African American and first professionally degreed librarian to hold that position. Throughout her career, she served her community with unparalleled commitment as the Vice President of the Board of Directors for Columbus State University’s Alumni Association, Secretary of the American Association of University Women, Board Member for the League of Women Voters, and Chairperson for ‘‘Attack on Illiteracy Campaign’’ sponsored by Gamma Tau Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, of which she is a Life member. Mrs. Shipman lives by the following words: ‘‘Our God has done great things for all people and we should strive to love more and continue to help each other through Jesus Christ Our Savior.’’ Mrs. Shipman used her love for the Lord to positively shape her community. As a lifetime member of the African Methodist Episcopal Church, she has served in several capacities and has regularly incorporated her faith into her commitment to public service. Mrs. Shipman is a noted speaker for religious and civic events such as Women’s Day, Missionary Day and Educational Leadership Seminars and Workshops. Her efforts in the church and as a citizen of the world have earned her many accolades . She was the first recipient of the Boundless Missionary Award for dedicated service to the Women’s Missionary Society. She also received the Holding Up the Light Award and the central District Presiding Elder’s ‘‘ Spirit Award.’’ Mrs. Shipman has accomplished many things in her life, but none of these accomplishments would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of her current husband, Roy and her seven wonderful daughters from her late husband, Reverend John R. Griffin. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District, in recognizing Mrs. Alberta Logan Griffin Shipman. She is truly a woman of faith whose heart never stops giving and whose hands never stop serving the people of her church and her community. We extend our best wishes to her on the occasion of her 90th birthday. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Aliana Monae Guillory for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Aliana Monae Guillory received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Aliana Monae Guillory is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Aliana Monae Guillory for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge Mr. John Ikard’s generous philanthropy and dedicated service to the State of Colorado. In 2017, Mr. Ikard retired from his position as CEO of First Bank after 17 years of leading one of Colorado’s largest and most successful financial institutions. Under his leadership, John also helped to give back to his community. Since 2000, FirstBank has donated over $50 million to disability and wellness charities throughout the Rocky Mountain region. Although Mr. Ikard has since stepped down from 
his position, he remains on First Bank’s Board of Directors, ensuring the continuation of the company’s benevolent culture. Mr. Ikard’s success at FirstBank is rivaled by his service and commitment to bettering his community and the State of Colorado. He has previously served as Chairman of the Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce, as well as the Denver Area Boy Scout Council, Colorado State University Board of Governors, and the Denver Economic Development Corporation. Today, Mr. Ikard continues to be an active member on the Colorado Children’s Hospital Foundation and Board, as well as a probusiness advocate for Colorado Concern. Mr. Ikards’s extraordinary efforts to better the lives of others have not gone unrecognized. This year, Mr. Ikard was honored with the Mizel Institute’s Community Enrichment award; a highly, esteemed decoration bestowed on community leaders. This accomplishment is another noteworthy addition to Mr. Ikards’s long list of achievements. Mr. Speaker, Mr. John Ikard’s role as a business and community leader can serve as an inspiration to all Americans and I thank him for his contribution to the betterment of our community and of the State of Colorado. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call No. 200. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Alex Kane for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Alex Kane received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Alex Kane is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Alex Kane for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. IN HONOR OF DR. VICTOR JAIME ON RETIRING AFTER 38 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE IMPERIAL VALLEY HON. JUAN VARGAS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Victor Jaime, whom after 30 years of service, will be retiring as President of Imperial Valley College. Dr. Victor Jaime was born and raised in the Imperial Valley. He was the first in his family to go to college and Imperial Valley College became the key to his successful career. After graduating with his associates from Imperial Valley College, he went on to attain his Bachelor’s degree at UC Irvine, his Master’s degree at San Diego State University, his Educational Specialist Degree at Point Loma Nazarene College, and finally his Doctorate degree in Education from Northern Arizona University. Despite all of his diplomas, the two he cherishes the most are his Doctorate, that prepared him to lead our educators and students towards a successful path; and his Associates Degree from Imperial Valley College, which helped pave the way to his mission in life. Throughout his career, Dr. Victor Jaime, has worked in various roles such as Counselor and later Director of the Talent Search Program, Dean of Financial Aid and State Programs, Vice President for Student Services and finally Superintendent/President; all at the very college that awarded his Associate’s Degree: Imperial Valley College. Dr. Victor Jaime firmly believes that his father and grandfather were his main sources of influence and credits them for his accomplishments in academia and his career. Dr. Victor Jaime and his wife, Caroline TreadwayJaime, have three children; two who are former Imperial Valley College students, and one who is currently at Cal State Fresno, and the grandparents of three grandchildren. I would like to recognize Dr. Victor Jaime for his dedication and commitment to Imperial Valley and for being a champion to the community college system and leaving behind a legacy that will continue to impact the students in my district. I wish him the best of luck in his retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Angela Lopez for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Angela Lopez received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Angela Lopez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Angela Lopez for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Lawrence ‘‘Larry’’ Clark—a beloved husband and former mayor of Rancho Palos Verdes—who passed away on May 2, 2018 at the age of 69. It was an honor for me to have known Larry. Larry was born on January 19, 1949 in Orange, California. Larry double majored in both psychology and sociology at California State University, Fullerton. Later, Larry also received an MBA from California State University, Dominguez Hills. After graduating, Larry began a 40year career with the federal government where he was able to work with several agencies such as the Air Force, the Department of Defense, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in the communications and information systems field. Before being elected to the Rancho Palos Verdes City Council in 2001, Larry served on the View Commission and Planning Commission. Due to his passion to serve the public and his perseverance seen through his dedication and hard work, Larry was elected for a second term. While in his second term, he was appointed twice to the California State Coastal Commission. Larry was elected as mayor of Rancho Palos Verdes in 2008, and served for two years. After retiring from the federal government in 2012, Larry was diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Despite his diagnosis, Larry went on to volunteer with the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network (PanCAN), create the PanCAN Survivor Council, and serve on the Executive Committee for PurpleStride Los Angeles. In 2013, Larry received the Spirit of Hope award at the PanCAN’s Evening with the Stars gala for his advocacy on behalf of the nonprofit organization and was shortly appointed one of five national ambassadors for PanCAN. Larry fought cancer with tremendous courage, grace and dignity. Larry is survived by his wife of 24 years, Becky, and their two corgis Milo and Katie, whom I hope take comfort in the way Larry lived his life as a deeply thoughtful, compassionate and moral citizen. May his memory be a blessing to us all. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Daniel Price on the occasion of his retirement after 25 years of dedicated service as senior pastor of First Presbyterian Church of Eureka. 
In 1974, Daniel Price graduated from Westmont College in Santa Barbara with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Religious Studies. After obtaining a Master of Divinity degree in 1978 from Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena, he was ordained through the Presbyterian Church (USA) and served as Associate Pastor of the Easton Presbyterian Church in Fresno. In 1987, Pastor Price pursued his Ph.D. in Theology at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland. After completing his doctorate, he became pastor at the International Protestant Church of Zu¨rich, Switzerland, where he gained experience serving in a more urban setting. In 1993, Pastor Price moved to Eureka, California, where he has served as senior pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of Eureka for the past 25 years. During his tenure, Pastor Price led a major renovation of the First Presbyterian church facility, which was completed in the fall of 2005. He implemented two. services, one contemporary and one traditional, and writes a weekly column for his parish. Throughout his career, Pastor Price has engaged in his community through volunteer and community efforts. He currently serves as president of the Betty Kwan Chinn Foundation and is a former member of Eureka Rotary and de facto chair of the Eureka Interfaith Fellowship and North Coast Presbyterian Parish. He taught religious studies courses at Humboldt State University and the North Coast Bible Institute. Mr. Speaker, Pastor Daniel Price’s leadership and service have left many lasting and positive impacts on his community and is worthy of recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to him and best wishes in his retirement. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, on May 17, 2018, I was improperly recorded as a Yes vote on Roll Call No. 198. This was in error and I wish to be recorded as a No on RC No. 198. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr.Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Alexandra Machado for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Alexandra Machado received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Alexandra Machado is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Alexandra Machado for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF KENNETH H. HOFMANN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Kenneth Harry Hofmann. I join his family and friends to celebrate his life and service to the community. Born and raised in the Bay Area, Ken attended Fremont High School in Oakland, and went on to graduate from Merchant Marine Academy. He would later be known as a dynamic builder, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. In 1957, Ken started the Hofmann Company, which by the mid1980s had built more than 30,000 homes and apartments throughout the Bay Area. He was also a twotime president of the Building Industry Association, and coowner of the A’s and Seattle Seahawks. A philanthropist in the community, Ken opened the De La Salle Academy, which provides a program—food, books, tutors—for underprivileged youth to help prepare them for high school. Ken was passionate about early childhood education and highlighted the importance of outdoor educational studies on nature, wetlands, and waterfowl protection in K– 12 curriculums. As a conservationist, Ken operated a ranch in the Sacramento Valley where he converted farmland to wetlands to provide habitat for migratory waterfowl and songbirds. He also proposed the Pacific Flyway Center, a major educational facility that will introduce the public to bird flight patterns and inspire environmental stewardship. Ken will be remembered for his dedication to the Bay Area. He is survived by his wife, Jean, two daughters, and will be sincerely missed by everyone who knew him. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, May 16, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes: 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act, known as the Farm Bill. This bill weakens our ability to fight hunger, undermines conservation efforts, and fails to address the needs of small and family farms. The Farm Bill should provide a safety net for both the hardworking farmers who produce food and those who consume it. In the past, bipartisan Farm Bills have met the needs of both rural and urban communities and have found a balance in the policies that support farmers and those facing food insecurity. Unfortunately, this year Republican leaders on the House Agriculture Committee halted a bipartisan effort and brought a very partisan bill to the floor. The proposal is the result of an ideologicallydriven process that was rushed and inadequate, leaving farm and food programs in jeopardy. More than 80 percent of the funding in the Farm Bill supports nutrition assistance programs for the nearly 41 million Americans facing food insecurity. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) allows lowincome families to purchase food, and the program continues to play a critical role in helping these families escape the devastating effects of poverty. This program is vital for families in Oregon and across the country. According to a Census Bureau report, nearly 20 percent of families in Oregon rely on SNAP. Unfortunately, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act would slash more than $23 billion in SNAP benefits, removing food from the tables of tens of thousands of hungry Oregonians, and an estimated one million households nationwide. Additionally, because SNAP is tied to eligibility for federal school meal programs, this bill would cut access to free school meals for an estimated 265,000 lowincome children each year. This cruel and needless policy will result in additional hunger. Children need nutrition to learn and thrive and succeed in school, and hungry children are more likely to stay trapped in poverty. Under current law, ablebodied adults between the ages of 18 and 49, without dependents, are only eligible to receive SNAP benefits for three months every three years, unless they are employed or in training for at least 20 hours per week. This bill would expand these requirements, harming many older lowincome Americans and ignoring the caregiving responsibilities and other barriers to employment that many people face. SNAP provides some of our most vulnerable populations with access to affordable food; it is not and should not be a workforce training program. The bill would also eliminate the ‘‘Heat and Eat’’ program, which allows LowIncome Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) participants to receive a modest standard allowance so families do not need to choose between paying their energy bills and having access to food. These cuts would threaten many families, children, and seniors in Oregon and across the country. The Farm Bill should provide support for farmers and ranchers who are struggling to make ends meet because of low market prices for goods, high production costs, and significant market uncertainty. This is especially important in light of the trade disruptions and tariff titfortat initiated by the current Administration. Unfortunately, the Agriculture and Nutrition Act would fail to raise reference prices for most traditional crops to address the continued decline in farm income, limiting support for those who need it the most. Northwest Oregon is home to many organic and specialty crop farmers, and I am disappointed that this bill did not increase funding for Specialty Crop Research Initiative and Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, programs that help a wide variety of food producers such as blueberry and hazelnut farms, 
as well as vineyards producing worldrenowned wines. The bill also neglected to increase funding for research into organic farming practices, an area that has demonstrated tremendous growth and that harbors further potential. Our state exports a large majority of its agricultural products. Even with market uncertainty as a result of inconsistent messages and a changing narrative from the Administration, this bill failed to increase funding for the Market Access Program, the Foreign Market Development Program, and the Emerging Markets Program. The bill also eliminates the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program, which supports robust local production and purchasing. The bill also included troublesome language that would prohibit states from establishing standards and conditions on agricultural products sold within their borders. This could preempt several state laws in Oregon related to labeling malt beverages as beer, prohibiting the sale and possession of shark fins, and prohibiting retaliatory discrimination in farm worker camps. Oregonians should have the right to implement standards around labeling and animal welfare and avoid purchasing out of state products that fail to comply. Farmers are natural stewards of the land and have direct experience with conserving natural resources. The Farm Bill should support those efforts, but it eliminates the Conservation Stewardship Program, slashing $795 million in conservation funding. The bill would also remove a requirement that the Environmental Protection Agency consult with wildlife services to protect endangered species, fish, and wildlife from harmful pesticides. Further, it would reduce funding needed to maintain the integrity of the National Organic Program and eliminate existing bioenergy and renewable programs that support farmers, ranchers, and rural businesses. Finally, I am disappointed that my bipartisan amendment to legalize industrial hemp and define it as an agricultural commodity was not allowed to come to the floor for a vote. American farmers have been growing hemp since the country was founded, and hemp products account for more than $680 million in annual domestic sales. Thirty four states have legalized hemp production, and legalizing it at the federal level would bolster our economy and allow farmers and universities to continue researching and cultivating the crop. I will continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance federal policies that support the hemp industry. This bill fails to support hardworking farmers and takes away food assistance from the most vulnerable. We must do better for our constituents. I am unable to vote in favor of increasing hunger and harming local farmers, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Destiny Skattum for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Destiny Skattum received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Destiny Skattum is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Destiny Skattum for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, May 18, 2018 Mr. BURGESS . Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the work of Mr. Mark Fox and congratulate him on his assignment as the new Meteorologist in Charge of the National Weather Service (NWS) Forecast Office in Amarillo, Texas. His expertise and wit will be greatly missed by North Texans. Mr. Fox is leaving his current position as the Warning & Coordination Meteorologist (WCM) for the NWS Forecast Office in Fort Worth, a position he has held since 2009. Previously, he worked for a decade as a broadcast meteorologist before joining the NWS in 1999. He earned his degree in Meteorology from the University of Oklahoma in 1989. As the WCM for the DallasFort Worth area, Mr. Fox has fostered dynamic partnerships between the NWS and broadcast meteorologists, emergency management coordinators, elected officials, and the public. One of his primary responsibilities is to oversee the Weather Forecast Office’s public awareness program to educate the public on severe weather. Since 2012, he has led the North Texas Integrated Warning Team, bringing professionals and emergency managers together to serve our community. In addition to analyzing data and predicting weather conditions, Mr. Fox’s work takes him out into the field as he leads Weather & Flood Disaster Survey Teams to assess property damage after severe weather and determine what factors occurred during the weather event. He has been instrumental in introducing the Collaborative Adaptive Sensing of the Atmosphere (CASA) radar to North Texas, and utilizing the data collected as one of the important tools that the NWS utilizes. He is the public face of the local NWS office and has delivered hundreds of storm spotter classes and briefings across the fortysixcounties covered by the NWS Fort Worth office. Mr. Fox has been a guest presenter several times at my annual Emergency Preparedness Summit, and he regularly addresses both The Texas Severe Storms Association’s annual National Storm Conference and the Texas Department of Emergency Management annual conference. He also is an active member of the North Texas Chapter of the American Meteorological Society. It is my great privilege to recognize Mr. Mark Fox, Warning & Coordination Meteorologist at the National Weather Service, for his commitment to the meteorological profession, his sincere dedication to the safety and well being of his fellow North Texans, and his many years of exemplary public service. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, May 21, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 public bills, H.R. 8, 5874–5886; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 904 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 299, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain veterans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–680); H.R. 1972, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to waive the requirement of certain veterans to make copayments for hospital care and medical services in the case of an error by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–681); H.R. 2147, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justiceinvolved veterans, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–682); H.R. 3642, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to improve the access to private health care for veterans who are survivors of military sexual trauma, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–683); H.R. 3832, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the executive director of a national network of Statebased prescription monitoring programs under which Department of Veterans Affairs health care providers shall query such network, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–684); H.R. 4334, to provide for certain reporting requirements relating to medical care for women veterans provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs and through contracts entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs with nonDepartment medical providers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–685); H.R. 4451, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a fiveyear extension to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regarding eligibility for services under such programs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–686); H.R. 4635, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peertopeer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–687); H.R. 4958, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2018, the rates of compensation for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–688); H.R. 5044, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of certain surviving spouses under the contracting goals and preferences of the Department of Veterans Affairs (H. Rept. 115–689); and H.R. 5520, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the efficacy and safety 
of medicinal cannabis, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–690).
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 163 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 206. 
Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018: The House failed to pass H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, by a yeaandnay vote of 198 yeas to 213 nays, Roll No. 205.
Rejected the Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Agriculture with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 226 noes, Roll No. 204. 
Agreed to: Pearce amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that establishes a pilot program to demonstrate effective tools and techniques for safeguarding national forests and watersheds; 
Stefanik amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that prioritizes grants for forest restoration under the Competitive Forestry, Natural Resources, and Environmental Grants Program;
Faso amendment (No. 23 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that improves cooperation with the Forest Service to intercept tree and wood pests and would require a report on the interception of forest pests; 
Costello (PA) amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that directs the Secretary to designate, among existing USDA staff, a Beginning Farmer and Rancher (BFR) Coordinator in each state, without associated cost;
Noem amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that creates a new initiative to allow the United States Department of Agriculture to match funds invested in educational programs or services for Indians;
Johnson (LA) amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that requires the Secretary to consider the totality of conservation measures already in place, or proposed, to mitigate species or habitat loss when determining whether Federal action is likely to jeopardize either;
Hollingsworth amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that allows the Secretary of the Interior, in conjunction with the Director of the US Fish and Wildlife Service, to issue depredation permits to livestock farmers authorizing the taking of black vultures otherwise prohibited by law to prevent damage to livestock during calving season;                                                                                     Pages H4224–25 
Roskam amendment (No. 28 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that strengthens prohibitions against animal fighting by ensuring the law applies to all US territories (by a recorded vote of 359 ayes to 51 noes, Roll No. 202); and
Banks (IN) amendment (No. 31 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that repeals the final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37053 (June 29, 2015)) (by a recorded vote of 238 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 203).
Rejected: Russell amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that was debated on May 17th that sought to amend the Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000 to prohibit the Department of Agriculture (USDA) from awarding valueadded agricultural product market development grants to support the marketing of beer, wine, distilled spirits, hard cider, or other alcohol products; the amendment also rescinds $8 million of the unobligated funds that were previously provided to USDA for grants (by a recorded vote of 54 ayes to 356 noes, Roll No. 200); and
Massie amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 115–679) that sought to prohibit federal interference with the interstate traffic of unpasteurized milk and milk products between States that allow the distribution of unpasteurized milk or milk products for direct human consumption (by a recorded vote of 79 ayes to 331 noes, Roll No. 201). 
Representative Ryan (WI) moved that the House reconsider the vote on passage of the bill. Subsequently, proceedings on the motion were postponed. 
H. Res. 900, the rule providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) was agreed to yesterday, May 17th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 21st for Morning Hour debate.
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the national emergency declared with respect to the stabilization of Iraq is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2018—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–128). 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yeaandnay vote and six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4227–28, H4228, H4228–29, H4229–30, H4232, H4232–33, and H4233–34. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:16 p.m. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing on H.R. 2278, the ‘‘Responsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2389, to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from Representative Reed; Mark Gilbertson, Associate Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Regulatory and Policy Affairs, Office of Environmental Management, Department of Energy; and Noah C. Shaw, General Counsel and Secretary, New York State Energy Research and Development Authority. DISRUPTER SERIES: QUANTUM COMPUTING Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Quantum Computing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR OPEC: THE ‘NO OIL PRODUCING AND EXPORTING CARTELS ACT’ Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Accountability for OPEC: H.R. ll, the ‘No Oil Producing and Exporting Cartels Act’ ’’. Testimony was heard from Phillip Brown, Specialist in Energy Policy, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; and public witnesses. PROGRESS REPORT ON THE 2020 CENSUS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Progress Report on the 2020 Census’’. Testimony was heard from John M. Gore, Acting Assistant Attorney General, Civil Rights Division, Department of Justice. 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland, closed business meeting to markup those provisions which fall under the subcommittee’s jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019, 5 p.m., SR–232A. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on S. 2155, the ‘‘Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act’’; S. 204, the ‘‘Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5515, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ [General Debate], 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 21 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. (The filing deadline for firstdegree amendments to the House Message to accompany S. 2372, Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act, is at 5 p.m.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, May 21 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E687 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E683, E684, E688 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E690 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E687 Brat, Dave, Va., E681 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E683, E685, E691 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E682, E683 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E684, E687, E688 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E690 Faso, John J., N.Y., E683, E686 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E681 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E686 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E689 Katko, John, N.Y., E681 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E689 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E685, E686, E687, E687, E688, E688, E689, E689, E690, E691 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E685 Roe, David P., Tenn., E683 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E684 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E689 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E682 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E681 Titus, Dina, Nev., E690 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E689 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E688 