Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the vital role that mentors play in the lives of young people every day. Mentors provide our young people with guidance and support at a time when they begin to make important decisions that will affect their lives forever. Mentoring programs have demonstrated positive impacts on youth across the country. Young people who meet regularly with their mentors are 46 percent less likely to use illegal drugs. Young people who are at risk for dropping out of high school but who had mentors are 55 percent more likely to enroll in college and 78 percent more likely to begin volunteering regularly in their own communities. We have great mentoring programs in our San Joaquin Valley that I have the honor and privilege to represent filled with individuals dedicated to providing support and guidance to youth. Some of the critical programs include, but are not limited to, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Central California, Focus Forward, and Care Fresno. When I was a senior at Fresno State, just a few years ago, I was a mentor in the Big Brother program. And let me tell you, my little brother, Phillip Yancey, I still remember to this day. I thought I was doing a good thing by giving some of my time, but I will tell you that I gained much more in appreciation for the challenges that this young man had. For the 18 months I was his mentor, I hope I made a difference; but, clearly, I know that Phillip made a difference in my life. So, it is a twoway street. Mentoring is not just helping those young people in our communities, but, I will tell you, it is a rewarding experience. Sadly, still, there are an estimated 9 million young people throughout the United States who do not have mentors or positive adult role models as a part of their lives outside of their home. That is why I join with many of my colleagues in cosponsoring the resolution to make January National Mentoring Month. We need to raise awareness of the significant roles that mentors play in the lives of young people across the United States, and we need to promote the creation and expansion of quality mentoring programs. Lastly, I want to take a moment to thank out there all who have participated in various types of mentoring programs across this great country of ours. You are making a difference. HONORING THERESA DIMAGGIO  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Theresa DiMaggio as the Heroine of the Month for California’s 16th Congressional District. Theresa is a fierce advocate for veterans. She has dedicated her career to ensuring that veterans receive only the best care and treatment. Why? She is a veteran herself. For over 11 years she has worked in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, including the VA medical facility in Fresno, California, which serves veterans in my district, an important hospital. Here, I had the pleasure to work with Theresa to make sure that our San Joaquin Valley veterans and their families received the highquality care and service they deserve. Theresa will continue to serve our veterans in the Veterans Administration San Diego Healthcare System. We will miss her in our valley. Stephen Bauman, the director of the Fresno VA hospital, described Theresa in this way: 
In my 40 years in working with the Federal Government, I have rarely worked with someone that is so focused on supporting our fellow veterans. Theresa’s dedication and her commitment to our Nation’s heroes is unparalleled. She works tirelessly to ensure each veteran is provided the best support possible and has truly been an inspiration to me. She will be missed by all of us who worked with her. 
Theresa is a veteran herself. She proudly served, as I said, this country in the United States Army. Altogether, she has been serving our Nation honorably for 19 years, an incredible record. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the outstanding service of Theresa DiMaggio, her strong commitment to supporting our veterans, and the example that she has set for all of us. We cannot thank her enough for her service to our country. Congratulations on a job well done, and God bless. 
LOOKING FORWARD TO THE STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today just hours before our 45th President, Donald Trump, will deliver his first State of the Union Address. Members of Congress and guests will fill this Chamber tonight to hear the President speak about a host of issues impacting America, from economic growth to trade deals and infrastructure investments, to immigration reform. I look forward to hearing the President speak about the administration’s successes to date and the plans for the future. The President and the First Lady, Melania Trump, have invited 15 guests to attend the speech tonight, including veterans, law enforcement officers, first responders, and families who have lost loved ones in the fight against the MS–13 street gang. All the guests in this Chamber tonight, invited by Members of both parties, represent a wide cross section of America, and I know that all have hope that our greatest days truly do lie ahead. Just weeks ago, the House passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act for the American people to get our economy moving again. In February, Americans will see and are beginning to see, today, more money in their paychecks. We delivered a fairer, simpler, profamily Tax Code to give more money back to taxpayers and spur economic growth. As the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is implemented, we are hearing story after story about how this is already making a difference in millions of people’s lives across the country. We have already seen positive results, and we look forward to hearing more from President Trump tonight on his vision for a safe, strong, and proud America. Hundreds of companies across the Nation are sharing the benefit of the GOP tax reform with their workers. They are raising wages, awarding bonuses, and increasing 401(k) matching contributions. I want to highlight just some of the companies in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania that are investing in their employees: 1st Summit Bank in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, provided a $1,000 bonus to all fulltime employees on top of their 2017 yearend bonuses, raised its salary ranges, and increased its charitable giving budget by 10 percent. AccuWeather of State College in my Fifth Congressional District provided special yearend bonuses to all employees over and above other compensation benefits and yearend bonuses to which employees may be entitled. Company leaders said: ‘‘The bonuses are possible due to the company’s robust financial performance in 2017 and strong confidence in the growing U.S. and global economy now that the tax bill has passed.’’ Fulton Financial in Lancaster raised its base wage to $12 per hour, awarded bonuses for its 3,700 employees, and is increasing charitable contributions by $2 million. Kish Bancorp in Belleville awarded $500 bonuses to parttime employees, $1,000 bonuses to fulltime employees, is adding $10 million to capital expenditures over the next 3 years, and will raise their base wage. This is just a fraction of what is happening in the Commonwealth and in States across the Nation. The benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are just beginning to be seen, and I have great faith that the benefits will just continue to grow for the American people. Mr. Speaker, tonight I know the President will be talking about his recordsetting accomplishments in his first year, how the policies of his administration are lifting all Americans and setting a foundation for building a safe, strong, and proud America. From jobs and the economy to his $1 trillion plan for rebuilding our depleted infrastructure, to important immigration reforms, I know that he will cover a lot of ground tonight and will speak from the heart. I also hope to hear about our national security, from rebuilding our military to the ongoing efforts to defeat terrorists around the world who try to harm America and Americans. I know the President’s State of the Union Address will resonate with our American values and unite us with patriotism and greater opportunities. I welcome the President tonight to this Chamber, as well as the First Lady and all the guests, and I look forward to hearing his important message for the future of our country. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF BISHOP ALEXIS THOMAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Bishop Alexis Thomas, who passed away on January 18, 2018. Bishop Thomas was many things to many people. He was an inspiring pastor. He was a father, a son, and a brother. He was a dynamic and passionate leader not just at Pilgrim Rest Baptist Church, but throughout our community in Phoenix. Under his careful stewardship, Pilgrim Rest grew by leaps and bounds. However, Bishop Thomas’ service extended well beyond the church. Bishop Thomas founded the African American Christian Clergy Coalition and cofounded the African American Strategic Alliance Coalition in Phoenix. Thanks to these endeavors and many others, Bishop Thomas will be remembered as a man with a remarkable vision for change who was taken from us way too soon. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to call Bishop Thomas my friend. I can personally attest that he worked miracles, large and small, every day in Phoenix and in Arizona. He touched more lives than we will ever know. And though we are devastated by his loss, we know that his legacy of service and love will live forever in our community. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO LYLE WELLS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to pay tribute to two leaders, one from the First Congressional District of New York, from the North Fork. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Lyle Wells, whose family farm is over 350 years old. Lyle was taken from our community too soon. He was a leader, a former president of the Long Island Farm Bureau, and a onetime member of the Riverhead Town Planning Board. He positively led and left a great impact and legacy on the next generation of farmers who really do need to be better cultivated to give that opportunity to be able to thrive. Long Island Farm Bureau Administrative Director Rob Carpenter, talking about Wells’ impact and a relationship going back decades, said: ‘‘He would take all the time needed to explain a program to anyone who wanted to learn about farming—a legislator, a community member, another farmer. It’s a big loss. You just can’t replace a Lyle.’’ It was also observed that everyone would start laughing because of his style of laughter. It was an honor that he graced our community and our town. Him having gone through life in this community made the rest of us better. That was the positive impact of Lyle Wells. A memorial service will be held for Lyle this Thursday, February 1, beginning at 11 a.m. on the hill at Wells Homestead Acres, located at 185 Phillips Lane in Aquebogue. We will pray for Lyle’s family. We are thinking about Lyle, and he will certainly be looking over what hopefully will be 350 more years of great farming on that family farm. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to pay tribute to Rabbi Isaiah Zeldin, who just passed away at the age of 97. For me, Rabbi Zeldin was Uncle Shy. For the Stephen Wise Temple in Los Angeles, he was their founder, their rabbi, their teacher, and their friend, according to the announcement they posted on their website. Rabbi Zeldin was born in Brooklyn, New York. His father’s picture, Morris, is in my office. Morris Zeldin was a respected scholar and ardent Zionist. Rabbi Zeldin moved to Los Angeles in 1954 to establish the California branch of Hebrew Union College and served as an 11–State regional director of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations. 
In 1964, he and a nucleus of 35 families founded Stephen Wise Temple on a beautiful 18acre mountain site situated between the city’s two largest Jewish population centers: the West Side and San Fernando Valley. b1015 It is a beautiful temple. When you are there for a service and hear the great singers and see the sunset out the windows, you know that you are in a very special place. This temple became one of the largest Jewish congregations in the entire world. Uncle Shy, we miss you. We thank you, and we know that you have impacted tens of thousands of people so positively, and we will honor you, remember you for your legacy and your impact on generations to come. 
RECOGNIZING OFELIA RUDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in recognition of Ofelia Ruder, who will be celebrating her 90th birthday this May. Ofelia Ruder is the executive director of the Cuban Hebrew Congregation, a religious organization in my congressional district that was dedicated to providing a home for Jews coming out of Cuba. Like me and my family and so many others, Mr. Speaker, Ofelia Ruder was forced to flee Castro’s brutal tyranny. In 1960, she arrived in the United States, this great land of opportunity, with her husband and two boys. Soon thereafter, sadly, she lost her husband to cancer and was faced with a challenge of raising her two small children by herself. They both eventually became dedicated civil servants working to improve our south Florida community. Mr. Speaker, in the 50 years that Ofelia Ruder has served at the synagogue, she has touched the lives of so many and has been a beacon of hope for all those who know her. Her work has earned her many awards and recognitions for her contributions to our county, to the Cuban Hebrew Congregation, and to Israel. I am very thankful for Ofelia Ruder’s service. ‘‘Feliz cumpleanos,’’ ‘‘happy birthday,’’ Ofelia. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Palmetto Bay resident Miki Erez, a constituent of my congressional district who recently competed in the 2018 Fitbit Miami Marathon and Half Marathon. Miki was injured while serving in the Israeli Air Force during the 1973 Yom Kippur War, where he suffered multiple spinal injuries. Despite three spinal operations over an 18month period, Miki never let his injuries slow him down. Miki’s experiences led him to create a revolutionary home training system for wheelchair users called Wheelchair Fitness Solutions. This system, the first of its kind, was designed specifically for disabled individuals. Miki also participates in a range of activities in south Florida, including wheelchair basketball and swimming, as well as contributing to the spinal cord injury community and veterans associations. Forty years later, his injuries have not prevented him from being an active and inspiring member of our south Florida community. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent people like Miki who inspire others each and every day. Congratulations to Miki Erez. f 
PROVIDE TERMINALLY ILL PATIENTS WITH LIFESAVING TREATMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again urge this House to put righttotry legislation on the floor and to provide Americans with terminal illnesses potentially lifesaving treatment. Matt Bellina, my constituent, a 31 year old Navy veteran, husband, father of three, and an ALS warrior who has been a partner in this fight, recently sent me the following message: ‘‘In ALS there is only one active phase III trial. The drug is NurOwn, and it looks incredibly promising, but I didn’t meet the exclusion criteria, so I am unable to participate in this trial. It looks like the drug has a good shot of making it to market in quarter one of 2020. Unfortunately, there is a good chance that I will be dead by then. ‘‘The righttotry bill is the only viable option for me at this point. I am begging you and the rest of Congress to get this done. I want to be there to watch my three boys grow up.’’ Mr. Speaker, we must not delay this lifesaving legislation any longer. I urge House leadership to put this bill on the floor for a vote. Terminally ill patients across this country are depending on us. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the exceptional athletes from Bucks County who will be representing our Nation in the 2018 Winter Olympics next month. Jamie Greubel Poser, from Newtown, Pennsylvania, will represent the United States as a member of the bobsled team. Ryan Gunderson, from Bensalem, Pennsylvania, will be joining the U.S. Olympic hockey team as a defender. Brian O’Neill, from Yardley, Pennsylvania, will join the U.S. hockey team as a forward. Jamie is a veteran of competition at this level, having won a bronze medal at both the 2017 World Championships—also held in South Korea—as well as the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics. For Brian O’Neill, this will be his first experience as an Olympic competitor. A standout player at Germantown Academy and Yale University, Brian went on to play for the New Jersey Devils before eventually playing for the Kontinental Hockey League. Ryan Gunderson, also a firsttime Olympic competitor, led Holy Ghost Prep to its first Flyers Cup. He currently plays in the Swedish Hockey League. Mr. Speaker, I wish Ryan, Jamie, and Brian great success. They will, no doubt, make Bucks County and our entire Nation proud. f 
DEFENSE BUDGET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, as Members of Congress, we have an explicit constitutional responsibility to provide for the common defense. Yet some of my colleagues would rather use our military as a bargaining chip for political reasons. For 3 days, our military was held hostage while the government shut down for an unrelated immigration issue. For 3 days, military families across the globe faced fear and uncertainty over whether they would be paid on time. Unfortunately, this is not the last time or the first time our military has been used as a political pawn. Year after year, defense spending is held hostage, causing our readiness to reach a dangerously low level. In testimony before the House Armed Services Committee, Secretary Mattis stated: ‘‘No enemy in the field has done more to harm the readiness of our military than sequestration.’’ We are facing a host of threats from every direction; threats that jeopardize our safety, our freedom, and our way of life. North Korea is aggressively pursuing a nuclear arsenal that can target the United States and our allies. China’s land reclamation has sparked international clashes. Russian opportunistic aggression is threatening our allies and could trigger a NATO alliance response. Violent extremists are threatening global stability as their evil idealogy poisons minds and induces followers to kill innocent people. Iran continues to invoke instability by sponsoring terrorism around the globe. We expect our military to be able to respond to each of these threats, yet years of budget cuts and continuing resolutions have degrade our military’s capabilities and destroyed morale. Here are the stunning and sobering facts: Less than half of the Navy’s aircraft can fly due to maintenance and spare parts delays. Of the 58 Army combat brigade teams that our Nation depends on to deploy overseas to defend our freedoms, only five could be called upon to fight tonight. 
Last year, two Navy destroyers were involved in collisions that tragically claimed the lives of 17 sailors. These ships will undergo repairs for years to come. I saw this personally in September when I toured the USS Fitzgerald in a naval base in Japan. I stood in the room where seven sailors died when their ship collided with a commercial freighter, tearing a hole in the side of the ship and flooding their room where they were sleeping with water in less than 2 minutes, giving them too little time to escape. It was heartwrenching to see, and it remains heartbreaking to think about the pain these families will endure for years to come. Perhaps saddest of all is that these accidents were not due to an enemy attack. They were due to training lapses and poor leadership which was exacerbated by high demand for service, combined with a lack of funding for needed ships and a lack of training because of defense cuts. Last year alone, 80 U.S. servicemembers were killed in readinessrelated accidents, nearly four times the number that were killed in hostilities. Our men and women in uniform deserve better. We owe it to them to provide them with all that they need as they stand ready to actively fight a resurgent Russia, an emergent China, an unstable North Korea, an unpredictable Iran, and widespread violent extremism. We cannot expect our sons and daughters to volunteer for military service and thereby volunteer to be placed in harm’s way without proper equipment and adequate training. Mr. Speaker, we must end this deadly cycle of continuing resolutions. We must end sequestration and provide for the common defense. We must approve a longterm budget that provides desperately needed increases in funding for the military. American military superiority is not a Godgiven right or a law of nature. It has been earned on the backs of a motivated volunteer force. It is our duty to ensure that force is wellequipped and welltrained. The current normal is unacceptable and irresponsible. Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to end this travesty and to stand with our military as they stand for freedom for us every day. 
A DEVOLUTION IS TAKING PLACE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise and stand in the well of the Congress of the United States of America to address the question of the State of the Union. What is the State of the Union? Mr. Speaker, the State of the Union is one of devolution. We are devolving into the normalization of inequality; inequality in a way that allows us to pass a $1.5 trillion giveaway that will reward the rich for being rich and punish the poor for being poor. We are devolving into hyperpartisan political events by the hijacking of a Supreme Court Justice when Justice Gorsuch was appointed to the Supreme Court. We are evolving and devolving into the hijacking of justice itself because we now find that there are those who believe that there is a deepstate conspiracy within the Justice Department; that somehow there is this belief that the Justice Department should be assaulted and attacked; that it should be demeaned; that it should be discredited. We are devolving into, Mr. Speaker, the normalization of disqualifying bigotry, as evidenced by some of the statements that have come from the Presidency; statements that would normalize language such as: there are some ‘‘fine people’’ among those who are bigots, racists, and persons perpetrating hate in Charlottesville, as evidenced by the notion that we can allow people to say ugly things about other countries and, in a sense, develop a racebased immigration policy. Mr. Speaker, we are devolving into a society that recognizes a rising stock market as the acid test for everything when, in fact, it is only proof that some people are doing better while many others are not. There is a devolution taking place, and I, Mr. Speaker, contend that there is a solution to this devolution. The solution is the impeachment of an unfit President. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
b1030 TONIGHT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, tonight I will have the privilege of hearing the State of the Union Address that I have been waiting to hear since I first came to Congress 7 years ago. Tonight our entire country will hear a confident message of undeniable good news for all Americans—not based on fantasy and hope, but on facts and undeniable success. Tonight the President of the United States will come to the people’s House and speak to a nation that is far better off today than we were just 1 year ago in every measurable way. Now, this success did not come by accident. Over the past year, by working with a unified Congress, President Trump was able to begin implementing his agenda to Make America Great Again. Let’s revisit what he has done when it comes to accomplishments. The signing of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act marked the first time our Tax Code was updated in over 31 years. It lowered tax rates for all taxpayers across the board, and it cut the corporate tax rate down from 35 percent to 21 percent which allows us to compete globally. It permanently repealed ObamaCare’s individual mandate. It opened up ANWR for drilling and brand new energy exploration. When it comes to deregulation, he signed 15 CRA bills into law in less than a year, imposed a groundbreaking rule on the Federal bureaucracy to kill two regulations for every new regulation written, and has rolled back more jobkilling red tape than every President before him combined. When it comes to the courts, by appointing conservatives like Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and a historic number to the appellate courts, he is restoring constitutionalism and common sense to our judiciary system. These appointments will reverberate for generations to come. Now, when it comes to the outcomes, the entire stock market is at an all time high. Contrary to what some people will speak, this affects the pensions of all Americans. Female unemployment is at its lowest level since 2001. Black and Hispanic unemployment are at their lowest levels ever. For 13 different States, overall unemployment is at its lowest rate since we first began recording it. New manufacturing orders are increasing at their fastest pace in 14 years. Quarterly GDP is exceeding expectations and is on track for a 3 percent annual growth rate for the first time in 13 years. Consumer confidence is at its highest level since 2000. Job market confidence is at its highest level ever, and because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act alone, more than 3 million American workers—and counting—are receiving $1,000 bonuses, or more, wage increases, and/or benefit increases. Now, in my own city that I live in, NexTier Bank gave over 250 of its associates a $1,000 bonus. Those are hardly crumbs when it comes to hardworking American taxpayers. Abroad, the Islamic State—once thought to be unstoppable—is now shattered. Military morale, recently at rock bottom, is now soaring. Our troops are currently receiving their largest pay raise in 8 years. When it comes to liberty and conscience issues, we ended the war on religious liberty. We tore up the socalled HHS contraceptive mandate; no more nuns fighting for their survival in the Supreme Court; and we reinstated the Mexico City policy the first weekend in office. When it comes to energy, we ended the war on coal, we stopped the EPA’s socalled Clean Power Plan, we approved both the Keystone XL and Dakota pipelines, and we have plans in place to dramatically expand offshore drilling. 
When it comes to American leadership, we pulled out of the Paris climate accord, we ended the Cuba appeasement, we condemned and decertified the Iran deal, and Guantanamo Bay is still open with no threat of closing. By changing the rules of engagement, trusting our generals, and unleashing our military might, he has overseen the total destruction of the ISIS caliphate. The entire world is safer because of American leadership. Through his words and deeds—most recently with Jerusalem—the world sees America leading with moral clarity and confidence again. Mr. Speaker, tonight I will have the privilege of hearing the State of the Union that I have been waiting to hear for 7 years. Tonight we will look at an economy and a State of the Union that is as strong as Pittsburgh steel. Our economy is roaring, and America’s optimism is soaring. Our citizens are becoming more prosperous. Our law enforcement is becoming empowered and not undermined. Our military is growing stronger by the day. Our international credibility is being restored. Our friends, once again, trust us; and our enemies, once again, fear us. The whole world knows that we will also put America first. But this is just the start. There is still much work left to be done. But as of today, the facts say it all: America is winning again. 
MILITARY PAYCHECKS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is nice to have the United States economy starting to win again. It was a great tribute to the President’s leadership that we got a tax bill done that is already reaping fantastic benefits for so many across the country. It is rather amazing to see people in some parts of the media who have taken surveys already to see if people have benefited from a tax bill that actually applies to the taxes due at the end of this year even before they get their February paycheck that will actually reflect those savings. But I guess if your goal is to undermine the President at every turn rather than to be fair and impartial media, that is the kind of thing you do in January. You do it quickly before individuals have a chance to say and know how much the tax bill will improve their lives. It is also rather amazing to hear people from this body refer to a $1,000 bonus as crumbs. One would think you would have to basically be a multimillionaire to think of $1,000 as crumbs. But for those of us who cashed out most everything we had in order to come be a servant in Congress, $1,000 is still a lot of money. It will pay a lot of bills. It is good for American families and individuals that they are able to do that. I do want to call attention to something that my friend, Mrs. HARTZLER , referenced, and that is the threat of paychecks not coming to our military when they are in harm’s way protecting our very freedoms that allow us to debate and push through legislation. Going back to 2011, I saw the military used as pawns in order to force— or try to force—Republicans to vote for a bad continuing resolution that broke many of our promises. I had encouraged the Speaker, at that time, that we needed to do something to make sure that our military—the military pay— was treated as our Social Security paychecks were treated where they are on automatic pilot, and even if there is a shutdown, those checks continue to go out. I know that is a surprise to some of our seniors because, in the last administration, the President and others continually told people that, if there was a shutdown, the Social Security checks would not be going out. Unfortunately, that was just a problem of ignorance, and, of course, there is no House rule that objects to our pointing out ignorance of a fact. But the fact is Social Security checks go out automatically. If someone is entitled to an increase in their Social Security check, that does not occur until after the shutdown is over. After I saw that the Republican Speaker, back in 2011, after being warned that we shouldn’t use our military pay as leverage to get people to vote for a bill that they shouldn’t vote for, I actually filed a bill before that CR came due that would ensure that the military was paid as Social Security. If you are entitled to a promotion or additional pay, that doesn’t come until the shutdown is over. That bill has again been filed in this Congress. The name is the ASAP bill, Armed Services Always Paid. We need to go ahead and bring that bill to the floor, push the Senate to do the same thing, and put our military’s pay on automatic pilot. They would never have to worry. Having served in the military, in the U.S. Army, for 4 years, I know our military is being paid better than we were back when I was on Active Duty. But even still, I know too many in our military who are barely getting by on what they are paid. The last thing they need is to be in harm’s way dodging bullets or IEDs or rocketpropelled grenades and have to be worrying whether their loved ones back in the United States are going to have the check so that they can pay their car payment and their home payment. Let’s pass this ASAP bill immediately. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 40 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, O God, for giving us another day. As You make available to Your people the grace and knowledge to meet the needs of the day, we pray that Your spirit will be upon the Members of this people’s House, giving them the richness of Your wisdom. Bless the Members of the majority party as they prepare and gather these next days. May they, with those who accompany them, travel safely and meet in peace. Bless also the minority party as they prepare for their own gathering. May these days be filled with hopeful anticipation. Bless also the President as he visits the people’s House to address the Nation this evening. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. PANETTA led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, today is State of the Union day, and it is an opportunity for the Nation to hear from the President on the progress we have been making and the challenges that lie ahead. One thing I am looking forward to is hearing about how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the regulatory reforms we have seen over the past year are causing our economy to roar back to life, creating more jobs and putting more money in people’s pockets. Fiftyfive years ago, President Kennedy delivered a State of the Union that recognized the power of tax cuts that put money back into the private sector. Talking about the economy, President Kennedy said: ‘‘To achieve these greater gains, one step, above all, is essential . . . a substantial reduction and revision in Federal income taxes.’’ I am glad President Trump and Congress have followed President Kennedy’s and President Reagan’s model. The economic revival happening today is not only lifting incomes, it is what is going to generate the tax revenues that will help us meet the challenges that lie ahead. That is something for all Americans to celebrate. f 
REMEMBERING DARBY WORTH (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember Darby Worth, an activist, a community member of my hometown, and most importantly, she was one of the teachers at my elementary school. Mrs. Worth, as I knew her, worked 20 years at Tularcitos Elementary School, the school where I went and my daughters go today. Now, I didn’t know that at the time, but many years ago before she was a teacher, she was well versed in environmental and social activism. By the time she did take up teaching, she had already traveled to San Francisco many times to protest the Vietnam war. Well after she retired from Tularcitos, Darby was unrelenting in her commitment to social justice, women’s rights, challenging corporate power, and, yes, fighting climate change. She had many movements that she was behind, and it is understandable considering that she felt strongly that everything is interconnected. That is why, at 90, she was already planning and fighting the county to be buried in her front yard. Madam Speaker, I am not sure if she was laid to rest in that location, but I do know that Mrs. Worth will always be remembered not for just being a teacher to children, but because of her interconnectivity to all of us. She was somebody that we all learned from. 
CELEBRATING MAPLE LEAF FARMS’ 60TH ANNIVERSARY (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Maple Leaf Farms on celebrating 60 wonderful years. This familyowned operation has been a staple in northern Indiana and the U.S. duck industry since 1958. While 60 years of successful operations is a tremendous accomplishment, Maple Leaf Farms’ expansion, production capabilities, and newest global ventures speak volumes to the dedication and ingenuity of the Tucker family. I am proud to learn of the strong business model and outstanding leadership of the Tuckers that has led Maple Leaf Farms to handle 10 million ducks a year and supply products worldwide. It is truly an honor to represent such passionate and committed Hoosier farmers as the Tuckers. I am grateful for the positive contributions they have made to our community. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Second District Hoosiers, I want to thank Maple Leaf Farms for strengthening Indiana’s farming community, and I wish them all the best in their next 60 years. f 
GIVE HUMAN TRAFFICKING SURVIVORS RELIEF (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Madam Speaker, too often when we think about human trafficking as a tragedy, we think about it as something that goes on in someone else’s country, in some other place other than our home. Most people are surprised to find out that thousands of men, women, and children right here in the United States are enslaved by human trafficking every year. In my home State of Hawaii, an estimated 1,500 to 2,500 victims are impacted each year with girls as young as 10 and 11 years old recruited and kidnapped from malls, beaches, and schools. So as we work to confront and stop perpetrators of human trafficking, we also need to change the way that we treat survivors of this heinous crime. Because even after the horrors that these individuals go through of rape, physical abuse, kidnapping, and so much more, these survivors are too often charged as criminals themselves, thrown in jail, and shackled with a criminal record that follows them wherever they go. We need to end this cycle of criminalization and give survivors an opportunity to heal and move on with their lives by passing the Trafficking Survivors Relief Act. Madam Speaker, as Human Trafficking Awareness Month comes to a close, I urge my colleagues to join me, to pass this important legislation and empower change for those who need it the most. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING AWARENESS MONTH—A STORY OF HOPE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, Tonya was 13 years old when she met Eddie. They struck up a relationship and the two moved in together in Dallas, Texas. But what seemed to be a ‘‘normal’’ relationship turned out not 
to be. Eddie turned Tonya into a sex slave. Eddie sold Tonya to men for money. She was the victim of sex trafficking. Night after night, Tonya was forced to be with potential suitors. With her body being used for profit and no escape in sight, Tonya had almost given up hope. But help arrived when Homeland Security Special Agent Keith Owens receive a tip and the outlaw was arrested. He was sentenced to 12 years in prison. Tonya was freed from her shackles of modernday slavery. This is Human Trafficking Awareness Month, Madam Speaker, and our fight for Tonya and others is not over. We must remain vigilant. Society has to rescue their victims, restore them, and put the slave masters in the jailhouse. And that is just the way it is. 
CHINA IS DESTROYING TIBETAN BUDDHISM (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, last week, Human Rights Watch reported that the Chinese Government has imposed draconian new controls on Larung Gar, the famous Tibetan Buddhist center of learning. An official document says Communist Party cadres are taking over management, finances, security, admissions, and even the choice of textbooks. This follows last year’s demolitions and expulsions. China says it respects constitutionally protected religious beliefs. That is a lie. When the state puts officials who are required to be atheists in charge of your religious institutions, that is not religious freedom. When admission requires a firm political stand, when the state tells you what to teach and students must honor the Communist Party, that is not religious freedom. Sadly, the White House has been silent as human rights abuses in China worsen. Enough is enough. Congress must pass the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act. If the President won’t act, Congress must ensure there are consequences for China’s egregious actions to control and destroy Tibetan Buddhism. 
CUBA: COMMUNIST FAILURE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam Speaker, The Epoch Times this month presented an extraordinary expose by economist Daniel Lacalle that Cuba ‘‘still serves as the best example of why communism doesn’t work and will never work.’’ Cuba was once one of Latin America’s wealthiest countries when Communists seized power. But now the Castro regime—like any socialist government—is a machine of squandering subsidies. Between 1960 and 1990, Cuba received more than $65 billion from the Soviet Union, also hundreds of millions of dollars from international organizations. Despite this, the NationMaster ranking ranks Cuba last, 176th in the world, with an average salary of $25.05 per month in 2014. The only way Cuba can catch up with other developing countries is by ridding itself of communism. Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been proven right again: ‘‘The trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people’s money.’’ In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Madam Speaker, our sympathy this week goes to the people of Afghanistan in the global war who have suffered mass murders in Kabul by the Taliban, reaffirming that we must defeat terrorism overseas. f 
RECOGNIZING THE EXTRAORDINARY YOUTH OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PLASKETT. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize some extraordinary youth from the Virgin Islands. I want to start off by congratulating two distinguished scholars from my district, Rose Kleeger from Country Day High School, and Mansi Totwani from Antilles High School. Of the nearly 3.6 million high school seniors graduating this year, Rose and Mansi are among the 4,500 students named as candidates for the 2018 Presidential Scholars Program. In the world of athletics, Alabama State sophomore and St. Croix native, Nia Jack, was fifth in the women’s 60 meter dash at the Fred Wilt Invitational this week. In the same meet, fellow Crucian and Purdue sophomore, Myia Dorsey, ran fourth overall in the women’s 400 meters and led the winning women’s 1,600meter relay team. At the Arkansas State University Invitational, St. Croix’ Malique Smith won his men’s 400meter heat in a season’s best. Madam Speaker, I want to congratulate these scholars and athletes coming from the Virgin Islands. Despite the profound devastation of hurricanes this year which demolished our territory and the delay in funding to rebuild our islands, they are examples of the strength and resilience of Virgin Islanders to excel no matter what. I thank them for their excellence. b1215 TAX CUTS BENEFITING MONTANA’S SMALL BUSINESSES AND WORKERS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, because of the tax cuts passed by congressional Republicans and signed by President Trump, smallbusiness owners in Montana are expanding their businesses and giving raises and bonuses to their employees. An insurance broker in Harlem is giving a pay raise to all of his employees and hiring another staff member. A small business in Stevensville is giving pay raises to all of their employees, and a local grocery store owner in St. Ignatius is giving employees a raise, increasing the starting wage, and providing his workers with a bonus. The leader on the other side of the aisle may deride these bonuses, raises, and investments as crumbs, but they make a real difference to the folks I represent back in Montana. I look forward to sharing more good news about how the tax cuts congressional Republicans and President Trump enacted last year are benefiting Montana. 
HONORING A GREAT AMERICAN ON HIS BIRTHDAY (Ms. CHENEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American on his birthday: my dad, Dick Cheney. I can imagine no better role model than this good and great man. He loved his time serving in this Chamber as the gentleman from Wyoming. Throughout a career spanning decades, including during some of the most challenging times our Nation has faced, he was a steady and wise hand who always led with the courage of his convictions. No matter the burden he carried, he has always been there for us as a listener and teacher. He taught my sister and me to love our country, to read history and learn from it, to listen more than you talk, that a man’s word should be his bond, and that we owe all we have as Americans to the brave men and women in uniform who fought and died to keep us free. Madam Speaker, the gratitude I have for my dad as an American is surpassed only by my love for him as his daughter. Happy birthday, Dad. 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO JUSTICE WILLIAM COUSINS (Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise to pay tribute 
to a dear friend, Justice William Cousins, who passed away a couple days ago at the age of 90. Bill was a former member of the Chicago City Council, called an independent alderman; a circuit court judge; and an appellate court justice who always sought fairness. He was a gentleman, a scholar, and a Harvard graduate. I commend him for his public service. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. LAHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAHOOD. Madam Speaker, every year, over 14,000 people are trafficked into the United States. Human trafficking is modernday slavery and is going on in our communities all across the country. That is why, last week, in my district, I hosted a roundtable with local law enforcement, healthcare officials, victim advocates, and elected officials as part of a Human Trafficking Awareness Month seminar to discuss how we can combat this problem. What we found is a lack of awareness and communication on this issue. The area that I represent contains major highways that are beltways for traffickers, which only makes it easier for this crime to continue. What we determined is that we need further training for law enforcement and healthcare providers so that this kind of abuse can be more easily identified and reported. We should also reexamine sentencing, as criminals currently face harsher sentences for drug trafficking than for human trafficking. The bills we voted on yesterday are positive steps in this fight against human trafficking and, hopefully, just the first of many to come. We must do all we can to raise awareness and end this humanitarian problem. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AYDEN O’MALLEY (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor Ayden O’Malley. Ayden is the daughter of Denny and Rosalind O’Malley of Nokomis, Illinois. Along with many of her friends and hundreds of other young people from Illinois, Ayden traveled here to D.C. earlier this month to attend the March for Life. During their trip, Ayden was hospitalized after she experienced a serious medical episode. After countless prayers and 5 days of fighting, Ayden gained her angel wings. As her mom said: ‘‘So often answered prayers may not be the answers we want.’’ Ayden was an eighth grader at St. Louis Catholic School, where she was on the honor roll, played volleyball and softball, and volunteered in her community as often as she could. Everyone who knew Ayden said she had a bright, vibrant spirit that brought joy to everyone around her. While they were here in D.C., I met with Ayden’s group, but, unfortunately, I never had the honor of meeting her. I admire Ayden’s convictions and willingness to be a voice for those who cannot speak for themselves. I ask this House to join me in praying for strength and healing for Ayden’s family, friends, and the Nokomis community during this difficult time. f 
REMEMBERING THE ‘‘CHALLENGER’’ ANNIVERSARY 32 YEARS LATER (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, Sunday marked 32 years since the space shuttle Challenger disaster. On January 28, 1986, NASA launched the 10th flight of the space shuttle Challenger, and it broke apart 73 seconds into its flight, killing all seven crew members on board. It was devastating for those watching at Kennedy Space Center in Florida, for those viewing at home, and for our Nation as a whole. I rise today to remember the Challenger’s dedicated crew: Michael Smith, Dick Scobee, Ronald McNair, Ellison Onizuka, Christa McAuliffe, Gregory Jarvis, and Judith Resnick. As President Reagan said in a televised address 32 years ago: ‘‘We will never forget them, nor the last time we saw them, this morning, as they prepared for their journey and waved goodbye and ‘slipped the surly bonds of Earth’ to ‘touch the face of God.’’’ Madam Speaker, these crew members had a passion for exploration. They inspired children around the world who dreamed of going to space. Through encouraging STEM study—science, technology, engineering, and math—we can continue to preserve their legacy and inspire another generation of explorers. 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, by direction of the Republican Conference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 719 Resolved, That the following named Member be, and is hereby, elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES : Mr. Curtis. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 695, CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 714 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 714 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House: (1) concur in the Senate amendment to the title; and (2) concur in the Senate amendment to the text with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11556. The Senate amendments and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. WALORSKI ). The gentlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 714, which provides for consideration of a single motion to concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 695, the Department of Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Madam Speaker, we meet here today, 122 days into the current fiscal year. FY 2018 is onethird over, and yet the United States Congress has been unable to appropriate funds for the defense of our Nation. I ask my colleagues, Madam Speaker, to pause and let that sink in. The fiscal 
year is over 30 percent done, and we have been unable to appropriate the funds our military needs to defend the Nation. Madam Speaker, this is nothing new. The United States Congress has forced the U.S. military to operate like this under continuing resolutions for 9 of the last 10 years. The rule and the underlying bill that we are debating and voting on today, Madam Speaker, is a crucial step towards reversing this dangerous trend. This Defense Appropriations bill is a clean bill. It clears away all the politics. It clears away all the posturing. It clears away all the jargon and the process arguments. Madam Speaker, this is an upor down vote on the one issue that matters more than any other: providing for the common defense of our Republic. The question before this House today is whether we will do our constitutional duty and provide the funds for those who are putting their lives on the line for all of us. There is no other question, Madam Speaker. And for those who vote ‘‘no,’’ there will be no place to hide when history comes to ask why they failed to do their duty. Our military has been strangled for the last decade, Madam Speaker. Obamaera budget cuts are certainly to blame. The Obama administration’s defense budgets were based on a set of dangerous policies and false assumptions: They assumed we could withdraw from the Middle East and the terrorists would stop fighting. They assumed we could talk North Korea out of their nuclear program with a policy of ‘‘strategic patience.’’ They assumed Russian and Chinese efforts to upend the global world order the United States built and sustained with our allies over 70 years were no threat to our national security. Perhaps worst of all, Madam Speaker, they assumed that paying billions of dollars to the regime in Tehran in exchange for unverifiable promises from the mullahs about their nuclear program would serve America’s interests. Never before, Madam Speaker, has an American President been so wrong about so much at the expense of so many. But we in Congress must also accept some of the blame. While the previous administration was pursuing policies that aided our adversaries and harmed our national interests, the United States Congress adopted the Budget Control Act, a law that has proven devastating to the security of our Nation. Beginning with the Budget Control Act in 2011, the United States Congress imposed arbitrary spending caps on domestic and defense discretionary spending. We handcuffed the military, Madam Speaker. No longer could they ask: What are the threats, and what do we need to defend ourselves? Instead, our men and women in uniform were faced with arbitrary caps and, in 2013, sequestration. When the supercommittee that was established by the Budget Control Act failed to come to any agreement on cuts in mandatory spending—mandatory spending being the real driver, Madam Speaker, of our national debt— sequestration kicked in. This was like taking a meat cleaver to every account in the defense budget at a time of war when our adversaries are gaining in strength, readiness, and capability every day. By every measure, Madam Speaker, the Budget Control Act has failed. Since its passage in 2011, the national debt has grown by nearly $4 trillion. b1230 Five years ago, the CBO estimated that the U.S. debt would reach 80 percent of GDP by 2029. Today, Madam Speaker, the CBO projects that will happen by 2022. The Budget Control Act has failed to do what it intended to do. Madam Speaker, we have got to acknowledge something else. The Budget Control Act created the concept on which our current budget negotiations are stalled. The idea, espoused especially by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, that we must have ‘‘parity’’—for every dollar we increase defense spending, they demand a dollar increase in domestic spending—is lunacy, Madam Speaker. We are the people’s elected Representatives with the responsibility for stewardship over taxpayer dollars. We are responsible for appropriating funds for the Nation. Those funds should be appropriated based upon our determination of the needs and priorities, not based upon some arbitrary concept of parity. The dysfunction in this budget process is now so great, Madam Speaker, that, because of the BCA, we are in the process of actually spending more on programs we don’t need. It is time to fully repeal the BCA. Madam Speaker, my colleague on the Rules Committee, Mr. MCGOVERN , will no doubt shortly point out that Republicans control the House and the Senate and the White House. He is right, of course. But Mr. MCGOVERN also knows that it takes 60 votes to pass anything in the Senate, which gives the Democrats and their leader, CHUCK SCHUMER , power far beyond what they would otherwise enjoy to block action. Mr. Speaker, as you know, we have passed all 12 appropriations bills through this body, including this Defense Appropriations bill, only to have these bills languish in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, the defense of this Nation must no longer be held hostage to the rules of the United States Senate. If 60 United States Senators cannot be found to do what is right and fund our military, then, Mr. Speaker, that body has a constitutional obligation to change its rules and stop allowing a small minority to hold our military hostage for political reasons. The threat is real and the situation is dire, Mr. Speaker. Today, we have the smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since before World War I, and the smallest and oldest Air Force we have ever had. Only 5 of 58 brigade combat teams in the Army are ‘‘ready to fight tonight.’’ Funding for future readiness against competitors like Russia and China has been cut by over 70 percent in the last 10 years. As North Korea’s missile program advances, the U.S. inventory of missile defense interceptors is dangerously low. Less than half of the Navy’s aircraft can fly, due to maintenance and spare parts issues. Only 50 percent of the Air Force’s combat forces are sufficiently ready for a highly contested fight against a peer adversary. Mr. Speaker, we are running out of bombs. Our supply of precision munitions has been depleted by budget cuts and increased operations. Fatal accidents are increasing. This is all happening, Mr. Speaker, as the global threat environment is more complex, more imminent, and more grave than at any time since World War II. Every day we fail to do our duty in this body, the risk to our troops increases, and it becomes easier for our adversaries to close the capabilities gap. Surely, Mr. Speaker, on this issue we can set politics aside and do what is right for our Republic, for our freedom, and for every man and woman standing watch on the front lines for all of us. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this rule and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. CHENEY ) for the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, here we go again, literally. Today we are considering, for the third time, the FY 2018 Defense Appropriations Act. The House took up and passed this bill in July. The House took up and passed this bill in September. And now, we will take it up and pass it once again under a completely closed process for the third time. I know, Mr. Speaker, that many people think that the third time is the charm, but in this case, I think the third time is a farce. There are a couple of minor changes to this version of the bill. For example, once again, it has $1.18 billion to fund President Trump’s request to send 3,500 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan, funding which has been attached to prior spending bills. It also has a general provision that turns off sequestration for defense spending. So it busts the budget caps but exempts itself from any consequences. That is a neat little trick, Mr. Speaker. But, really, why are we wasting our time on this bill for a third time? 
Here is a little bit of a reality check, Mr. Speaker. Neither this defense bill nor any other appropriations bill can move until the House and Senate Republican leadership get their act together, negotiate a budget agreement that works for all our Federal programs, and finally set the topline numbers for all the appropriations bills. Then, and only then, will our appropriators be able to begin negotiations on the final FY 2018 omnibus spending bill to fund all our Federal programs, defense and nondefense alike, through the rest of the fiscal year. It would have been nice if this had been done in September, Mr. Speaker, or maybe by October or the end of November or the end of December. One might have hoped to have finally completed the job by the end of this month. That would be 4 whole months into fiscal year 2018. But we all know that is not going to happen. Now, I don’t know about you, Mr. Speaker, but I sure hope we can get these FY 2018 appropriations bills all done before we have to start working on the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills. There is a very simple reason why there is no budget agreement. The Republicans are squabbling among themselves over either raising the budget caps or making even deeper cuts in domestic spending. It is like the Republican rightwing is fighting with the Republican extreme rightwing. I will again remind my colleagues, as my colleague from Wyoming did, Republicans control everything. They control the House. They control the Senate. They control the Presidency. I wish they didn’t, but they are in charge. It is their job to keep the lights running. But there is an incompetence that is on display here that I have never, ever seen in all my years of government. What should be happening is that the Republican leadership should be reaching out to the House and Senate Democratic leadership and negotiating a real bipartisan budget agreement, one that has votes in both Chambers. What a radical idea, to actually sit down and negotiate a bipartisan agreement that will get bipartisan votes. The notion that they can present legislation on the House floor in this kind of mywayorthehighway approach and expect Democrats to vote for it is ludicrous. We are not going to get everything we want. We know that. We are in the minority. But our values need to be represented in these overall budget negotiations as well. So they should do their job. Sit down and work out a deal. That is what they are supposed to do when they are in charge. Instead, here we are entering our fifth month of fiscal year 2018 and no budget agreement, which translates into no final appropriations bills because the appropriations committees don’t know what their topline spending ceiling is for any of the remaining bills, including defense. It doesn’t matter how many times they send this same bill over to the Senate. It can’t come back to us as a final HouseSenate conference report without a budget agreement. They should do their job. We can’t get a budget agreement until the Republicans stop fighting amongst themselves and decide to work for the good of the American people and the American military. They should do their job. I know today that we will hear a lot about how important it is to fund our military. Of course, that is important. You won’t hear anybody in this House argue against that. But it is also important to fund things like the Department of Homeland Security. They help protect us here in the United States from potential terrorist attacks. It is also important to fund the Justice Department. There are many antiterrorism programs in the Justice Department that are important to protecting the citizens of this country. To suggest that somehow they don’t matter, I think, is just wrong. Isn’t it important that we support our Veterans Affairs Department to support our veterans who have sacrificed so much for this country? To say that somehow they are not a priority, I don’t think that is right. It is important to fund the State Department. It is important to fund Transportation, Health and Human Services, Agriculture, Education, Housing and Urban Development, the Energy Department, the Interior Department, and all our Federal bureaus, agencies, and programs. America’s national security is more than just our military. It is our local law enforcement. It is our courts. It is our hospitals, our schools, our roads, and our bridges. It is investing in our communities, cities, and our towns. It is taking care of our veterans, our seniors, and our children. It is helping our local farmers, businesses, and companies survive and thrive. If we fail in these duties, Mr. Speaker, then what is there left to defend? Time and time again, Secretary of Defense Mattis has declared that the greatest damage to our military comes from continuing to fund defense by a series of shortterm continuing resolutions, one after another after another. Yet that is exactly what Republicans in Congress are doing. So, please, Mr. Speaker, let’s have no more crocodile tears about defense spending and how important our military is. If the military were really a priority for the Republican leadership and not just a good sound bite, then they would have reached a budget agreement and finished the FY 2018 appropriation bills—all of them—last year. Mr. Speaker, right now, Federal agencies, including the Pentagon, are operating under a fourth continuing resolution. Even if, by some miracle, a budget agreement is reached today or by next Monday, Congress will still need to pass a fifth CR by next Thursday, February 8, because there is no way the appropriators will be able to start and finish their negotiations on a final omnibus in just a few days. So, Mr. Speaker, the bill before us, under a completely closed process, is theater. It is not about our military. It is not about the defense of this country. It is about a sound bite. It is about trying to provide some smoke so the people don’t realize that the Republicans who run this government don’t know how to do their job. It is nothing more than facesaving for the most extreme Members of the Republican Conference. It does nothing that hasn’t been done twice before. It means nothing. It is a waste of time. Since the House is really only working 1 day this week—namely, today— then we could have brought up legislation that hasn’t already moved twice through the House but for which action is desperately overdue. We could have brought up the reauthorization of our community health centers, which help more than 24 million Americans access essential healthcare. Or how about the reauthorization of the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program, which helps young families all across this country? The Republican leadership deliberately chose to let the authorization for each of these critical programs expire in September. They haven’t even lifted a finger since to reauthorize them. We could have easily taken care of their reauthorization today in a couple of hours and sent those bills over to the Senate rather than spending the same amount of time passing the same defense bill for a third time. Mr. Speaker, defense spending and all other Federal programs are in a mess today because the Republicans are incapable of running the government. It is that simple. Each day it becomes even more clear that the Republican leadership not only can’t govern, they are not even interested in governing. Everything we are doing on this day is going nowhere, and my Republican friends know that. This, again, is about theater. It is not about troops. It is not about our security. It is about giving them some cover to justify the incompetence that is on display here. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say to my colleagues on the Republican side that we don’t need lectures from them about America’s national security. When it comes to forcing their terrible policies on the American people, they say ‘‘yes, yes, yes’’ to President Trump; but when it comes to holding President Trump accountable and protecting American democracy, all they say is ‘‘nyet.’’ Clearly, House Republicans’ desire to protect President Trump has clouded their judgment and caused them to lose sight of what is at stake: the security and integrity of our democracy. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s own CIA Director, our former colleague, 
CIA Director Mike Pompeo, recently admitted that Russia is currently working to undermine the upcoming election and has been doing so for decades. b1245 And, just yesterday, President Trump refused to impose defense and intelligence sanctions on entities purchasing Russian military equipment. In July, Congress passed an overwhelmingly bipartisan bill requiring President Trump to impose defense and intelligence sanctions on entities purchasing Russian military equipment. His decision, yesterday, to refuse to do so tells us all we need to know about where his loyalties lie. And still, Mr. Speaker, all the other side continues to do, day after day, is assault the rule of law. They have led an allout assault on our Department of Justice and on our FBI to smear Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation, attempting to tarnish the credibility of our Federal law enforcement along the way, and sowing doubt and confusion about the very ability of anyone in law enforcement to conduct an impartial investigation. And let’s not forget that we are not talking about some hypothetical investigation. Here are the facts: The President’s former National Security Advisor has pled guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with the Russian Ambassador. The President’s former foreign policy adviser pled guilty after he lied about his contacts with the Russian Government. And the President’s former campaign manager has been indicted by a grand jury for, among other things, conspiracy against the United States of America. Now the Republicans are trying to whip up a controversy out of thin air with a misleading cherrypicked memo written by their own staff, which contains significant inaccuracies and omissions that misrepresent the underlying intelligence. Associate Attorney General Stephen Boyd stated: ‘‘We believe it would be extraordinarily reckless for the committee to disclose such information publicly without giving the Department and the FBI the opportunity to review the memorandum and to advise the committee of the risk of harm to national security and to ongoing investigations that could come from public release.’’ ‘‘Indeed, we do not understand why the committee would possibly seek to disclose classified and law enforcement sensitive information without first consulting with the relevant members of the intelligence community.’’ Mr. Speaker, Republicans are doing this in a ridiculous attempt to discredit an entire investigation, which has already found a serious effort to attack our democracy. This is a deeply, deeply irresponsible attempt to undermine Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation, regardless of the profound damage that it does to our democratic institutions and national security agencies. It is offensive to the Nation, and it is just plain wrong. I would remind my Republican colleagues that we are here to uphold the rule of law, not the rule of Trump. I understand that, in this Chamber, there are powerful political incentives to circle the wagons amongst my Republican friends around this White House, but the truth is the truth, and there is nobody, nobody in this country, including the President of the United States, who should be above the law. Mr. Speaker, I would say to my colleagues that when we are talking about defending the national security of our country, what has gone on in this Chamber these last few days, in my opinion, is a threat to our national security. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate, as always, the candor of my colleague, Mr. MCGOVERN . But, I have to say, I am having a hard time understanding why it is, when he is so clearly knowledgeable about the damage that CRs do to the military, we are, today, presenting an opportunity for this entire House to stop that process for this entire House to provide the kind of reliable, secure, sufficient funding that our troops need; yet, I would imagine, many colleagues on the other side of the aisle are going to vote ‘‘no’’ on that. I think it is important, though, to recognize some facts, Mr. Speaker: The first of those is, for all the talk about a budget agreement, it was the leadership on the other side of the aisle that refused to go to a meeting at the White House a couple of months ago and pulled out completely of the talks last year. It was also, with all due respect, Mr. Speaker, the leadership on the other side of the aisle, the Democrat leadership, that shut the government down 2 weeks ago. So it is awfully hard, I am sure, to be able to convince constituents back home that they really want to get this job done and get things moving when they continue to stop the process, to gum up the works, and even to shut down the government. Mr. Speaker, I know that every Member of this body cares deeply about the U.S. troops. And I know that every Member of this body wants what is right for this Nation. But there is a big difference between having the luxury of talking about support for the troops and actually voting for the funds they need to do their job. Talk does not buy equipment; talk does not get our planes back in the air; talk does not provide pay raises for our troops; talk does not provide the kind of protection our servicemen and women need, the equipment that they need, to do their job; talk does not roll back Russia, or China, or Iran, or North Korea. For that, the Pentagon needs money. The only way that our military will get money is if we appropriate: if we break the cycle of continuing resolutions and pass this appropriations bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), my dear friend and colleague from the Rules Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I appreciate all of the work that she does on behalf of our Nation’s military men and women. Mr. Speaker, here we are again. Once again, this House will vote to fully fund our Nation’s military and critical national security programs. I have said this many times before, but I will continue saying it because the point is so very important: the global threat environment facing the United States today is greater than at any time since the conclusion of World War II. North Korea is continuing to build its nuclear weapon program, which poses a direct threat to the United States and our servicemembers stationed abroad. Terrorist groups, like ISIS and al Qaida, may be weakened in Iraq and Syria, but their influence continues to spread to other areas throughout the Middle East and Africa. The situation in Afghanistan is deeply concerning. Look no further than the recent wave of attacks by the Taliban in Kabul. China is continuing to build up its military and exert aggression in the South China Sea. Russia and Putin remain emboldened as they take provocative actions in Ukraine, throughout Eastern Europe, and even in the Pacific. Other countries continue to catch up to our Nation’s capabilities in the space domain. Iran is showing more and more involvement in the Middle East and continues to support terrorist groups that threaten our allies, like Israel. Not to even mention the evolving and serious threats posed to the United States by state actors and rogue actors when it comes to cybersecurity. Despite so many real and wideranging threats, our military has not received the funding that is necessary to keep up. As the gentlewoman said, we have the smallest Army since before World War II, the smallest Navy since before World War I, and the smallest and oldest Air Force we have ever had. The military does not work like a spigot. You can’t just turn it on when a crisis happens and expect everything to work and all of our servicemembers to be ready. Training takes time, and building equipment takes even more time. We have to prepare now for the crisis of tomorrow. The commandant of the Marine Corps, General Robert Neller, put it best when he said: 
‘‘Marines don’t get ready when the crisis occurs.’’ ‘‘The instability of the current fiscal environment, compounded by current shortfalls in our operation and maintenance accounts, impact our ability to maintain a ‘ready bench.’’’ Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson also recently stated that: ‘‘We are stretching the force to the limit, and we need to start turning the corner on readiness.’’ I could go on for hours talking about the real challenges facing our military. But, instead of looking back, I want this Congress to look ahead and solve these problems, instead of just continually talking about them. This Defense funding bill includes $659.2 billion in fullyear funding for the Department of Defense. That includes increases in military operations and maintenance accounts. That includes a 2.4 percent pay raise for our troops, which would be the largest in 8 years. That includes increased funding for missile defense systems and programs, which is so important, given the threat posed by North Korea. That includes funding for 11 new Navy ships, including three littoral combat ships, which are built, in part, by Austal USA in my district. That includes critical funding for training and readiness operations. That also includes muchneeded money for research and development to ensure our military continues to have the most innovative and stateofthe art equipment at their disposal. All told, this bill would be a landmark step toward rebuilding our military, standing up to our adversaries, and supporting the men and women who work every single day to keep the American people safe. Now, I hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle saying that this bill has no chance in the Senate. While I don’t understand why our colleagues and the Senate would not want to fund our military, I have a strong rebuttal to that argument. If the Senate wants to add nondefense programs to this bill or make changes, then they should take this bill up, make whatever changes or additions that they desire, and send the bill back over to the House. It simply makes no sense to just declare this bill dead and not take a vote on it. I intend to talk to my two home State Senators about passing this bill, and I expect they will be supportive of this effort because they understand the need to fund our Nation’s military. But I reject the notion that we shouldn’t be passing this bill and sending it over to the Senate. I am tired of the Senate not acting on our government funding bills, and I think we should keep sending funding bills over there until they take one up and actually pass it. This ridiculous crisis of funding our government from one crisis to the next must end. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and, once again, send a military funding bill over to the Senate. Here, in the House, we must continue to fulfill one of our most basic responsibilities outlined in the Constitution: to provide for the common defense. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. With this funding bill, we can move back toward a position of peace through strength, and we can keep American families safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just respond to my colleague from Wyoming who said that talk will not fund our military, or that talk will not upgrade our military equipment, and I agree. Nobody is asking the other side to talk. We are asking them to do their job. We are asking them to go and sit down with Republicans and Democrats and work out a deal on the budget caps. In order to do any of this stuff, we have to know how much we can spend. Before you go shopping, you have to know how much you are going to spend. I know my Republican friends don’t want to take responsibility for what is clearly incompetence, but, the bottom line is, in the Senate, the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense hasn’t even marked up the Defense Appropriations bill yet. And the last time I checked, the Republicans controlled the Senate—I wish they didn’t, but the Republicans control the Senate. And as my colleague from Wyoming knows, bills don’t move in the House or the Senate without the Republican leadership moving it. So I think it is clear that this Republicancontrolled government can’t do its job, and November can’t come soon enough, for me, because I think there needs to be a major change here. We need people in charge who understand that the American people come first, not some rightwing ideology, who understand the meaning that the American people comes first means doing your job. Mr. Speaker, I am going to urge that my colleagues vote to defeat the previous question, and I will give a little explanation why. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, President Trump tweeted that he wants to show that ‘‘Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it.’’ Well, I would beg to differ. This is the 19th time that we have attempted to bring the bipartisan bill, H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, for a vote on the House floor, and, if we defeat the previous question, we will bring that bill up. We have made our position clear: we want immigration policies that make America safer, without betraying our core values as a nation. President Trump made his position clear as well. He has tweeted and said, time and time again: ‘‘My standard is very simple: America First and Make America Great Again.’’ Exactly what does he mean by America First? According to the conservative Cato Institute, repealing DACA would cost the government over $60 billion and would reduce economic growth by $280 billion over the next decade. That doesn’t sound like an America First policy to me. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act: this bipartisan, bicameral legislation that would help hundreds of thousands of young people, who are American in every way, except on paper. I regret very much that the leadership in this House has refused, time and time again, to allow us to debate and deliberate on this issue. We have a bill called the Dream Act. If it was brought to the floor, it would pass overwhelmingly. Every Democrat would support it, and I bet a big chunk of Republicans would support it as well, and we could end this once and for all. b1300 The Republican leadership is so pathetically terrified of a narrow, xenophobic, bigoted element of their base that they cannot bring themselves to allow us to even consider such a bill, and I regret that very much. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GONZALEZ ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor. I stand before you today with a reopened government, ready to transform discussion into action. This is the 19th time that we have requested a vote on the Dream Act. Congress did not create this emergency. This is a mere negotiation tactic brought about by the actions of a single man. The time for tactics is over. Now is the time to put your vote to work and break the deadlock issue. We are a nation of immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers. A great man once said: ‘‘The bosom of America is open to receive not only the opulent and the respected stranger, but the oppressed and persecuted of all nations and religions, whom we shall welcome to a participation with all our rights and privileges. . . .’’ 
That man was George Washington, Mr. Speaker, our country’s first President. Now let us take a moment to reflect on this and how President Washington saw our country. George Washington would welcome an opulent and respected stranger, you know, like folks from Norway. However, we should also welcome the oppressed and the persecuted of all nations and all religions in the world. Compare George Washington’s words to President Trump’s, who said: ‘‘I do business with the Mexican people, but you have people coming through the border that are from all over. And they are bad. They are really bad. You have people coming in, and I am not just saying Mexicans. I am talking about people who are from all over that are killers and rapists, and they are coming into this country.’’ Please, Mr. Speaker, do not let this era be known as the day that America surrendered. Do not let our country go down the path of religious persecution. Do not let our country fall to the dictates of convenience. The United States of America sets the tone for the rest of the world. In other words, Mr. Speaker, if we do not help the less fortunate than us, who can we count on? It is not easy to say no, Mr. Speaker. It is easy to surrender. It is a rare occasion where an easy choice is the right choice. It is up to us, the leaders of our country, to take the hard path, the path taken by our ancestors. About 800,000 young people living in our country, also known as DREAMers, are facing an uncertain future. Many criticize how DACA was created, some even criticize the granting of a status quo on immigrants. I say this is unAmerican. I say to these critics that it is time to become problem solvers for our country. We only have a few days left under the current continuing resolution to pass a bill that provides DACA recipients a pathway to citizenship. We made a promise to the American people and to 800,000 DREAMers who are American in every way except on paper. To all the DREAMers, I want you to know that I stand with you. Today I call on every Member of Congress to remember that we are a nation founded by immigrants. I call on you to give these DREAMers a chance. Let’s get it done. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have seen now on display in this debate exactly the problem and, frankly, it is despicable, Mr. Speaker. We are in a situation where our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are holding hostage funding for our troops over the issue of illegal immigration. There is no other way to describe it. There is no other way to—I can’t put it into words. The people who are watching, I am sure, have seen it on the floor right now. If my colleagues feel so strongly about support for the troops, there is a very easy answer. And that answer is to vote for this bill, to vote to support this appropriation, not to try to divert attention, not to try to talk about other issues, not to try to talk about the extent to which we haven’t reached a deal. We have got a bill and we are putting it on the floor. It funds the troops. It ends the damage that has been done by the continuing resolutions. They ought to vote for it, we ought to pass it, and then our colleagues in the Senate should do the same. They cannot, at the same time, say that they support our troops, that they support resources for the troops, and then go through all of these contortions trying to explain why it is they are going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this issue. I would also just say, Mr. Speaker, the fact that the United States Senate right now is either incapable or unable of doing its constitutional duty does not absolve us in this House of the obligation to do ours, and that is to provide funding and resources for the U.S. military. It is absolutely a broken system. We are in a situation where I would ask my colleagues to think, as they are arguing on this floor, debating on this floor today, about the parents of men and women who are deployed, to think about what this debate must sound like to them, to think about trying to explain to them why it is when we have a bill that provides the funding the military needs, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are going to vote ‘‘no’’ because of some budget process, some budget procedure, because of negotiations over DACA, because of any other reason under the sun they can imagine. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, vote ‘‘yes’’ for this rule, and then we can go on and deal with these other issues. But, Mr. Speaker, none of those other issues will matter. If we fail to do what is right for the military, none of those other issues will matter. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate the people who write the Republican talking points because they keep on trying to change the subject to try to confuse the American people. My colleague knows that this battle is not over the DREAMers, although we all think it is immoral that these young people have been treated so terribly and so cruelly, and we believe that there needs to be a resolution to that. The bottom line is that we need to negotiate budget caps so we know how much we can spend on not only defense, but nondefense appropriations so we can keep our government running. This should have been done months ago. So if we really care about our troops, then where is the bipartisan agreement to raise the budget caps so that we know we have a budget deal? Where is this bipartisan agreement? My Republican friends have known that this is the deal for a long time, yet, again, they are tied in knots because they are fighting amongst themselves. Their rightwing is having a battle with their extreme rightwing; and there is even an extreme, extreme rightwing that not only does not want to raise any nondefense spending budget caps, but wants to cut domestic spending. I would say to my colleagues that this is about more than the DREAMers. In fact, this is about community health centers. I mean, people rely on community health centers all across this country to get their healthcare. We are not dealing with that. This is about funding our veterans. The men and women who serve our country, who we put their lives in harm’s way, shouldn’t we make sure that their budget is funded? I mean, Homeland Security. So, I mean, there is a whole bunch of stuff here, but this is really simple to fix. It requires the Republican leadership and this Republican government to do its job. That is all we are asking. Do your job, negotiate a deal for a budget agreement to fund the government for the rest of the year, then we are done, and we go on to fight other things. But there is an easy way to do this: come up with some numbers, work it out with your leadership, work it out with our leadership, and let’s move that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think that if my colleague on the other side of the aisle spent more time focused on doing his job and less time on telling us to do ours, we would be in a lot better shape. I think the American people deserve to know what is going on in these budget negotiations. What is going on in these budget negotiations, Mr. Speaker, is that the leadership on the other side of the aisle continues to move the goalpost. They enjoy this political fight, this political dance. They enjoy the sense that they can hold us hostage, they can hold the troops hostage. They seem to not have any concern at all about the fact that we are now 30 percent of the way through the fiscal year and our troops have not been funded. So behind closed doors, what is going on is moving the goalpost; it is Lucy and the football. They want to continue playing these games. So I would suggest that my colleague on the other side of the aisle ought to turn his focus and attention on his own leadership and ask them to do their job. In the meantime, Mr. Speaker, we are in a position where we are today considering a bill that will fund the military. 
I applaud my colleague’s efforts to try again and again and again to make the case that he believes in funding the military, he believes we ought to have a full year appropriation, he believes we have got to get out from under the CR, and, therefore, he is going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. It takes, really, focus and attention and talent to be able to do that, so I applaud that effort, but the reality is the reality, Mr. Speaker. We are in a position today where we have the opportunity to vote to fund the troops, and we ought to do that. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me say again, the Republicans are in charge. I wish we were in the majority. If we created this mess, the Republicans would have every right to criticize us, but we are not in charge. I regret that very much. I think it is not good for the country that we have a Republican House, a Republican Senate, and a Republican President, because I think a lot of the priorities of the American people are not being addressed. All the Republican leadership needs to do is get together and do their job and negotiate a deal on the budget caps, and let us approve defense and nondefense spending for the rest of the year and get away from these CRs. It is in their hands. As I said, the Senate Subcommittee on Defense Appropriations hasn’t even had a markup in their committee. I mean, they are controlled by Republicans. You can’t blame us for everything. Bottom line is you are in charge. When you are in charge, you have to keep the lights on. That is your responsibility. Unfortunately, my Republican friends don’t want to do this. I have never, ever, seen this kind of incompetence in our government, ever, in all my years. This has to end. Again, the way it ends is when the Republican leadership decides to negotiate a budget agreement with the House and Senate leaders, Republicans and Democrats alike. Mr. Speaker, we all believe that we ought to support our military, we ought to make sure we have the best military, second to none. We want to fund that, but we also understand that it is important to fund the Department of Homeland Security, which protects us from terrorist attacks here at home. I am sorry my Republican friends don’t see that as a priority. We also believe we ought to fund veterans’ health. I am sorry my Republican friends don’t see that as a priority. We believe in funding community health centers. We believe in making sure that our States have the money to be able to rebuild their aging infrastructures. I am sorry that that is not a priority, but it is to us. The entire budget is a priority to us, and I don’t think it is too much to ask the leadership of this House and the leadership of the Senate to make sure that everything is funded and that the needs of the entire country are met, and not kind of picking one over another over another. The other thing I would say is that, if we want to have a talk about national security, we ought to focus on what is happening right here with the Republicans and the House Intelligence Committee playing politics with an investigation into Russia’s attack on our democracy. You ought to be concerned about a President of the United States who doesn’t seem at all worried that the Russians interfered in our election, that according to his own CIA head says they are still trying to interfere in our election, and we can’t even get this President to impose congressionally mandated sanctions. Is there anything that Russia can do to us that will cause this President to stand up and defend our country or to even say something mildly critical about Vladimir Putin, whom he praises, a man who kills journalists and human rights defenders and political opponents? Enough. I mean, stop this politicization of the Russia investigation. This should be bipartisan, getting to the bottom of this. Wherever it leads, it leads, but this is serious. You want to talk about a threat to our country, to our homeland, and to our democracy, look at what Russia is doing to us each and every day. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can bring up the Dream Act so we can actually protect these wonderful people who have been such great members of our community, who have been first responders, who have saved lives in the aftermaths of hurricanes, who serve in our military. We have to stop holding them for ransom. They are not hostages. We ought to stop holding them for ransom for a stupid wall that costs $25 billion. When I think about $25 billion, I can think of a lot of things to do with $25 billion that could help the people of this country rather than building a ridiculous wall that someone could buy a ladder to climb over or a shovel to dig under. b1315 We have to do better, so vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule, and send a message to the leadership of this House: Get back to work and do your job. You are in charge. It is your job to keep this government running. Work out a deal on the budget cap. Fund everything. That is your job. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, some things are complicated, but this one isn’t. Our colleagues, if they are so concerned about the national security of this Nation, there is a very easy thing for them to do, and that is to vote for this Defense Appropriations bill. It is really important for us, as we are having this debate, to remember the facts; and the facts of the budget negotiations are that it was the Democrat leadership that walked away from the table and stalled the negotiations. It was the Democrat leadership, Mr. Speaker, that shut down the government. So the Republicans, right now, understanding and recognizing how crucial it is for us to get the Defense Department out from under these damaging continuing resolutions, to provide them with sufficient, secure funding, reliable funding, we are moving a clean Defense Appropriations bill. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle can yell all they want about having us do our job, and, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate that. Our job, our most important job, our job that is crucial and sacred above all others, is to provide funding and resources for the military of this Nation. That is what this bill does. That is why we are, today, presented with an opportunity to do the right thing. With this bill, with a vote in support of this rule, and a vote in support of the underlying bill, we can begin to reverse the damage of the last 7 years. It is time, Mr. Speaker, to stop with these political games. It is time to stop moving the goalposts. It is time to stop holding defense spending hostage to illegal immigration issues, holding defense spending hostage to increased domestic spending. It is time to stop. Our troops are on the front lines fighting and dying for us, and our actions in this body are putting them at greater risk. It is not, Mr. Speaker, as though we can sit here and fail to act, and we are just delaying. Our failure to act is putting our men and women in uniform at greater risk. Our failure to act is aiding our adversaries. I would urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, frankly, to look in the mirror and to recognize that they are the ones right now who hold the key, as do the Members of the United States Senate, to making sure that we get these resources to our men and women in uniform. I would say, once again, Mr. Speaker, if we fail to do this, if we fail to do our constitutional duty, nothing else we do matters. There are no other individuals in this Nation who are charged the way we are with providing for the common defense, and it is an individual duty and obligation of every single one of us. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to mind the words spoken by Ronald Reagan 35 years ago. As we engage in the political theater that my colleague on the other side of the aisle mentioned in this House, it needs to stop, 
and we need to remember what is important. Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘It is up to us in our time to choose, and choose wisely, between the hard but necessary task of preserving peace and freedom, and the temptation to ignore our duty and blindly hope for the best while the enemies of freedom grow stronger day by day.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is truly up to us. It is an individual obligation on each Member of this body. Therefore, I urge adoption of both the rule and the Senate amendments to H.R. 695. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 714 O FFERED BY  MR. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long term United States residents and who entered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 232, nays 187, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Blumenauer Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Curbelo (FL) Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Pearce Tenney 
b1343 Ms. WILSON of Florida, Messrs. GARAMENDI and WELCH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 045, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 046, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 047. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 236, noes 183, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—183 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Blumenauer Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Pearce Tenney Welch 
b1352 Mr. MARCHANT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 48. 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 47 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 48. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 1098 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 1098, a bill originally introduced by Representative TIBERI of Ohio, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 714, I call up the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendments. Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Protection Improvements Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACKGROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW PROGRAM. 
The National Child Protection Act of 1993 (34 U.S.C. 40101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3 (34 U.S.C. 40102)— (A) by striking ‘‘provider’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (B) by striking ‘‘provider’s’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; (C) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) The Attorney General shall establish a program, in accordance with this section, to provide qualified entities located in States that do not have in effect procedures described in paragraph (1), or qualified entities located in States that do not prohibit the use of the program established under this paragraph, with access to national criminal history background checks on, and criminal history reviews of, covered individuals. ‘‘(B) A qualified entity described in subparagraph (A) may submit to the appropriate designated entity a request for a national criminal history background check on, and a criminal history review of, a covered individual. Qualified entities making a request under this paragraph shall comply with the guidelines set forth in subsection (b), and with any additional applicable procedures set forth by the Attorney General or by the State in which the entity is located.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘unsupervised’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) that the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in subsection (a)(1), the designated entity, ensures that— ‘‘(i) each covered individual who is the subject of a background check under subsection (a) is entitled to obtain a copy of any background check report; ‘‘(ii) each covered individual who is the subject of a background check under subsection (a) is provided a process by which the covered individual may appeal the results of the background check to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the background report of the covered individual; and ‘‘(iii)(I) each covered individual described in clause (ii) is given notice of the opportunity to appeal; ‘‘(II) each covered individual described in clause (ii) will receive instructions on how to complete the appeals process if the covered individual wishes to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in the background report of the covered individual; and ‘‘(III) the appeals process is completed in a timely manner for each covered individual described in clause (ii); and ‘‘(B) the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in subsection (a)(1), the designated entity, may allow for a review process— ‘‘(i) through which the State or designated entity, as the case may be, may determine that a covered individual who is the subject of a background check under subsection (a) is disqualified for a crime specified in subsection (f)(2)(C); and ‘‘(ii) which shall be consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.);’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by inserting after ‘‘authorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable,’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘authorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable,’’; (E) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘officer or employee thereof,’’ the following: ‘‘, nor shall any designated entity nor any officer or employee thereof,’’; (F) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) F EES.— ‘‘(1) STATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a background check conducted pursuant to a State requirement adopted after December 20, 1993, conducted with fingerprints on a covered individual, the fees collected by authorized State agencies and the Federal Bureau of Investigation may not exceed the actual cost of the background check conducted with fingerprints. ‘‘(2) FEDERAL PROGRAM .—In the case of a national criminal history background check and criminal history review conducted pursuant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the fees collected by a designated entity shall be set at a level that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of providing all such services. The designated entity shall remit the appropriate portion of such fee to the Attorney General, which amount is in accordance with the amount published in the Federal Register to be collected for the provision of a criminal history background check by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(3) ENSURING FEES DO NOT DISCOURAGE VOL UNTEERS .—A fee system under this subsection shall be established in a manner that ensures that fees to qualified entities for background checks do not discourage volunteers from participating in programs to care for children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities. A fee charged to a qualified entity that is not organized under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may not be less than the total sum of the costs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the designated entity.’’; and (G) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACKGROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW  PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK GROUND CHECK .—Upon a designated entity receiving notice of a request submitted by a qualified entity pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the designated entity shall forward the request to the Attorney General, who shall, acting through the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, complete a fingerprintbased check of the national criminal history background check system, and provide the information received in response to such national criminal history background check to the appropriate designated entity. The designated entity may, upon request from a qualified entity, complete a check of a State criminal history database. ‘‘(2) CRIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) DESIGNATED ENTITIES .—The Attorney General shall designate, and enter into an agreement with, one or more entities to make determinations described in paragraph (2). The Attorney General may not designate and enter into an agreement with a Federal agency under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) DETERMINATIONS .—A designated entity shall, upon the receipt of the information described in paragraph (1), make a determination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4), using the criteria described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) CRIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW CRITERIA .—A covered individual may be determined to be unfit under subsection (b)(4) if the covered individual— ‘‘(i) refuses to consent to a criminal background check under this section; ‘‘(ii) knowingly makes a materially false statement in connection with a criminal background check under this section; ‘‘(iii) is registered, or is required to be registered, on a State sex offender registry or repository or the National Sex Offender Registry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.); ‘‘(iv) has been convicted of a felony consisting of— ‘‘(I) murder, as described in section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(III) a crime against children, including child pornography; ‘‘(IV) spousal abuse; ‘‘(V) a crime involving rape or sexual assault; ‘‘(VI) kidnapping; ‘‘(VII) arson; ‘‘(VIII) physical assault or battery; or ‘‘(IX) a drugrelated offense committed during the preceding 5 years; ‘‘(v) has been convicted of a violent misdemeanor committed as an adult against a child, including— ‘‘(I) child abuse; ‘‘(II) child endangerment; ‘‘(III) sexual assault; or ‘‘(IV) of a misdemeanor involving child pornography; or ‘‘(vi) in the case of a covered individual who has, seeks to have, or may have access to the elderly or individuals with disabilities, has been convicted of any criminal offense relating to the abuse, exploitation, or neglect (as those terms are defined in section 2011 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397j)) of an elder or an individual with disabilities.’’; and (2) in section 5 (34 U.S.C. 40104)— (A) by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who has, seeks to have, or may have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, served by a qualified entity; and ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) is employed by or volunteers with, or seeks to be employed by or volunteer with, a qualified entity; or ‘‘(ii) owns or operates, or seeks to own or operate, a qualified entity;’’; (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following: ‘‘(12) the term ‘designated entity’ means an entity designated by the Attorney General under section 3(f)(2)(A).’’. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be fully implemented by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain 
individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes.’’. 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Ms. Granger moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the title of H.R. 695 and that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the text of H.R. 695 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–56. 
The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate, insert the following: That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for military functions administered by the Department of Defense and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $41,427,054,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,707,918,000 (reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000). MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,165,714,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $28,738,320,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $4,721,128,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,987,662,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $762,793,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,808,434,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $8,252,426,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,406,137,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $38,483,846,000 (reduced by $5,000,000) (reduced by $5,600,000) (reduced by $6,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $45,980,133,000 (reduced by $598,000) (reduced by $7,000,000): Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,885,884,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $38,592,745,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $33,771,769,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $100,000) (increased by $100,000) (reduced by $194,897,000) (increased by $194,897,000) (reduced by $26,200,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $6,000,000) (reduced by $4,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $1,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $2,000,000) (reduced by $8,000,000) (reduced by $6,250,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $10,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000) (reduced by $34,734,000) (reduced by $60,000,000): Pro vided, That not more than $15,000,000 may be 
used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $38,458,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program, of which not less than $3,600,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $9,385,000, to remain available until expended, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $415,000,000, of which $100,000,000 to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,870,163,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,038,507,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $282,337,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,233,745,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY NATIONAL GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,275,820,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $6,735,930,000. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  ARMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,538,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $215,809,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $288,915,000 (increased by $34,734,000) (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $308,749,000 (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $9,002,000 (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  USEDDEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $233,673,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the 
Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND CIVICAID For expenses relating to the Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $107,900,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018. COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $324,600,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  DEFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $5,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. TITLE III PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,456,533,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,581,600,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,556,175,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,811,808,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and nontracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $6,356,044,000 (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $17,908,270,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $3,387,826,000 (increased by $26,200,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS  For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $735,651,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $842,853,000; Carrier Replacement Program, $1,869,646,000; Carrier Replacement Program (AP), $2,561,058,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $3,305,315,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $1,920,596,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls, $1,569,669,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $75,897,000; 
DDG–1000 Program, $164,976,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $3,499,079,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $90,336,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,566,971,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $635,000,000; LHA Replacement, $1,695,077,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $449,415,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,068,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $390,554,000; Service Craft, $23,994,000; Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship, $76,204,000; LCU 1700, $31,850,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $542,626,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $117,542,000. In all: $21,503,726,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2022: Pro vided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2022, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Pro vided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for production of the common missile compartment of nuclearpowered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to support continuous production of such compartments only in accordance with the provisions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328)). OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $7,852,952,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $1,818,846,000 (increased by $20,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $16,553,196,000 (increased by $16,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,203,101,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $3,210,355,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,316,977,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $19,318,814,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $5,239,239,000 (reduced by $10,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $67,401,000, to remain available until expended. PROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $12,622,931,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act, except for missile defense requirements resulting from urgent or emergent operational needs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $9,674,222,000 (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $4,000,000) (increased by $12,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $17,196,521,000 (increased by $598,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (increased by $24,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE  For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $33,874,980,000 (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $6,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (reduced by $30,000,000) (increased by $30,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $20,698,353,000 (reduced by $16,000,000) (reduced by $12,000,000) (reduced by $2,500,000) (reduced by $12,500,000) (increased by $20,000,000) (reduced by $20,000,000) (reduced by $4,135,000) (increased by $4,135,000) (reduced by $27,500,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engineering, testing, and validation; and transition to fullscale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $210,900,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA TION, N ATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION  FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, development, test and evaluation accounts: Pro vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act, except for missile defense requirements resulting from urgent or emergent operational needs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,586,596,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $33,931,566,000 (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000); of which $31,735,923,000 (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000) shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, and of which up to $15,349,700,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $895,328,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, shall be for procurement; and of which $1,300,315,000 (increased by $7,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000) (increased by $10,000,000), to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $627,100,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  DESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $961,732,000, of which $104,237,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $49,401,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $21,045,000 for activities on military installations and $28,356,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, to assist State and local governments; $18,081,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which $18,081,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $839,414,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $750,700,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counterdrug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $854,814,000, of which $532,648,000 shall be for counternarcotics support; $120,813,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; and $201,353,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Pro vided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $336,887,000, of which $334,087,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; and of which $2,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System 
Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $522,100,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. SEC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. SEC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8005. Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,500,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. SEC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of specific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. SEC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense Wide’’ (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counterdrug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. SEC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been notified at least 30 days in advance of the proposed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a followon contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used, subject to section 2306b of title 10 , United States Code, for multiyear procurement contracts as follows: V–22 Osprey 
aircraft variants; up to 13 SSN Virginia Class Submarines and Governmentfurnished equipment; and DDG–51 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers, the MK 41 Vertical Launching Systems, and associated Governmentfurnished systems and subsystems. SEC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to authorized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. SEC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Department of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any endstrength, and the management of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an endstrength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2019. (c) As required by section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Allowances, and the management of the workforce strength shall be done in a manner consistent with the budget available with respect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to military (civilian) technicians. SEC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. SEC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a fulltime student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a fulltime student is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided further, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot MentorProte´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a MentorProte´ge´Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. SEC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. SEC. 8017. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. SEC. 8018. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case bycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. SEC. 8019. Of the funds made available in this Act, $20,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That not withstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. SEC. 8020. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. SEC. 8021. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contributions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. SEC. 8022. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $43,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $30,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counterdrug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $10,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle procurement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counterdrug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. SEC. 8023. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, 
not to include employee participation in community service and/or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2018, not more than 6,000 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,180 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2019 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $210,000,000. SEC. 8024. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Governmentowned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Pro vided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 8025. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 8026. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defense related articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. SEC. 8027. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2018. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 8028. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of Defense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. SEC. 8029. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term Indian tribe means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 479a–1). SEC. 8030. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. SEC. 8031. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. SEC. 8032. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobaccorelated products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobaccorelated products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. SEC. 8033. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2019 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2019 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8034. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SEC. 8035. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act and hereafter for the Defense Intelligence Agency may be used for the design, development, and deployment of General Defense Intelligence Program intelligence communications and intelligence information systems for the Services, the Unified and Specified Commands, and the component commands. SEC. 8036. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, 
and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. SEC. 8037. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term Buy American Act means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expending the appropriation, purchase only Americanmade equipment and products, provided that Americanmade equipment and products are costcompetitive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. SEC. 8038. (a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the department who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a casebycase basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel requirements or the financial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency established to administer the Air Force Mortuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. SEC. 8039. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to convert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a publicprivate competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official determines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organization’s personnelrelated costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employersponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list established pursuant to section 2 of the Javits WagnerO’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or outsourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 8040. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2016/2018, $274,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2016/ 2018, $82,700,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $19,319,000; ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2017/2019, $9,764,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $10,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $105,600,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $54,122,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2017/ 2021, $45,116,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $63,293,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/ 2019, $31,639,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $15,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $105,000,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, 2017/2018, $34,128,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, 2017/2018, $41,700,000. SEC. 8041. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. SEC. 8042. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose. SEC. 8043. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. SEC. 8044. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. SEC. 8045. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. 
SEC. 8046. None of the funds made available by this Act for Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle service competitive procurements may be used unless the competitive procurements are open for award to all certified providers of Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicleclass systems: Provided, That the award shall be made to the provider that offers the best value to the government. SEC. 8047. In addition to the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Pro vided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. SEC. 8048. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. SEC. 8049. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program set asides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they contribute to the extramural budget. SEC. 8050. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8051. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8052. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation account of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current appropriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Pro vided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. SEC. 8053. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a spaceavailable, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a casebycase basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. SEC. 8054. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and control relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Pro vided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notification unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any proposed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational requirements. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8055. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $25,000,000 (increased by $10,000,000) shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. SEC. 8056. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure enditems for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to enditems used in development, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a case bycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. SEC. 8057. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a casebycase basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limitation regarding construction of public vessels, ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. SEC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. SEC. 8059. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology demonstration project or joint capability demonstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. SEC. 8060. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly report to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. SEC. 8061. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serving on fulltime National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the ground based elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. SEC. 8062. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovernmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a center fire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor penetrator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armorpiercing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: 
(1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. SEC. 8063. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a caseby case basis. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8064. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $66,881,780 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Pro vided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 8065. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed proposals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifications to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. SEC. 8066. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $5,000,000 (increased by $5,000,000) is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8067. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’, $705,800,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $92,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter shortrange rocket threats, subject to the U.S.Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $221,500,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $120,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of SRBMD missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli coproduction agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $205,000,000 shall be for an uppertier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $120,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier missiles in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli coproduction agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended; $105,000,000 shall be for testing of the uppertier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture in the United States; and $82,300,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8068. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $117,542,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Pro vided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Carrier Replacement Program $20,000,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2008/2018: DDG–51 Destroyer $19,436,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: Littoral Combat Ship $6,394,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2012/2018: LHA Replacement $14,200,000; (5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2018: DDG–51 Destroyer $31,941,000; (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2018: Litoral Combat Ship $20,471,000; and (7) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2018: LCAC $5,100,000. SEC. 8069. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. SEC. 8070. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8071. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Operation and Maintenance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency operation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. SEC. 8072. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. SEC. 8073. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to favorable foreign exchange rates, the total amount appropriated in this Act is hereby reduced by $289,000,000. SEC. 8074. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the non hurricane season. SEC. 8075. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized 
foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. SEC. 8076. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. SEC. 8077. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019. SEC. 8078. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. SEC. 8079. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. SEC. 8080. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, restructure, or realign Army Contracting Command—New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Contracting Command—New Jersey sites without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 8081. Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Defense, the following funds are permanently rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts to reflect excess cash balances in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund: From ‘‘Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, Defense’’, $10,000,000. SEC. 8082. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110– 457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. SEC. 8083. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the National Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that results in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. SEC. 8084. The Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a futureyears intelligence program (including associated annexes) reflecting the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such futureyears intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. SEC. 8085. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8086. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8087. Not to exceed $500,000,000 appropriated by this Act for operation and maintenance may be available for the purpose of making remittances and transfer to the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8088. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 8089. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or independent contractor that mandates that the employee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or subcontractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to national security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8090. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $115,519,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the integrated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program to the Joint Department of Defense Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 8091. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8092. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8093. Upon a determination by the Director of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2017. SEC. 8094. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 8095. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). SEC. 8097. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). SEC. 8098. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any subsidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federation have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. SEC. 8099. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8100. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts may be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders appointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia payments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this section may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipient is determined by the local military commander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be compensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) NATURE OF PAYMENTS .—Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—If the Secretary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces under the program should be determined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should include such factors as cultural appropriateness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) LEGAL ADVICE .—Local military commanders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this subsection. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Department of Defense regulations. (f) WRITTEN RECORD .—A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) REPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. SEC. 8101. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and nondeployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. SEC. 8102. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a searchable format. SEC. 8103. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. SEC. 8104. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or 
(2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. SEC. 8105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. SEC. 8106. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act unless explicity provided for in a Defense Appropriations Act: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. SEC. 8107. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the congressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. SEC. 8108. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). SEC. 8109. None of the funds provided in this Act for the T–AO Fleet Oiler or the Towing, Salvage, and Rescue Ship programs shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equipment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. SEC. 8110. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $75,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8111. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to reflect savings due to lower than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby reduced by $1,007,267,000. SEC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). SEC. 8113. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. SEC. 8114. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $289,255,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Pro vided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet. SEC. 8115. None of the funds made available by this Act for the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization program may be obligated or expended for pre milestone B activities after March 31, 2018, except for source selection and other activities necessary to enter the engineering and manufacturing development phase. SEC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8117. Additional readiness funds made available in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred to and merged with any appropriation of the Department of Defense for activities related to the Zika virus in order to provide health support for the full range of military operations and sustain the health of the members of the Armed Forces, civilian employees of the Department of Defense, and their families, to include: research and development, disease surveillance, vaccine development, rapid detection, vector controls and surveillance, training, and outbreak response: Provided, That the authority provided in this section is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 8118. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. SEC. 8119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center pursuant to section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8120. No amounts credited or otherwise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be transferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a militarydepartment specific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER FUND)  SEC. 8121. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act for military personnel pay, including active duty, reserve and National Guard personnel, $206,400,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to military personnel accounts: Provided, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. SEC. 8122. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $235,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’’, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be available to the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of Defense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjustment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition deficiencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this section a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the notice titled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expansion of Public Schools Located on Military Installations’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on September 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Pro vided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8123. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the changes to the Joint Travel Regulations of the Department of Defense described in the memorandum of the Per Diem Travel and Transportation Allowance Committee titled ‘‘UTD/CTD for MAP 118–13/CAP 118–13  Flat Rate Per Diem for Long Term TDY’’ and dated October 1, 2014. SEC. 8124. In carrying out the program described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/ Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memorandum, the Secretary of 
Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive technology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,635,317,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $377,857,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $103,800,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $912,779,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $24,942,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $9,091,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,328,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $20,569,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $184,589,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,004,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NATIONAL DEFENSE  RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Military Personnel, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Pro vided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Pro vided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to military personnel accounts: Pro vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Pro vided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $16,126,403,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $5,875,015,000, of which up to $161,885,000 may be transferred to the Coast Guard ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ account: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,116,640,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $10,266,295,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $6,944,201,000: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a nonreimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That funds provided under this heading may be used to support the Government of Jordan, in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support, or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $24,699,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $23,980,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by 
the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,367,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $58,523,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY NATIONAL GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $108,111,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,400,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NATIONAL  DEFENSE RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $2,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to operation and maintenance accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,937,515,000 (reduced by $12,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget subactivity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. C OUNTER ISIL T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘CounterIslamic State of Iraq and the Levant Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,769,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or individuals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Pro vided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Pro vided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That 
equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $424,686,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, $557,583,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $1,191,139,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $193,436,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, $405,575,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $157,300,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $130,994,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $223,843,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $207,984,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $64,071,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $510,836,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, $381,700,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, $2,256,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $501,509,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, $3,998,887,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’, $510,741,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  ACCOUNT  For procurement of rotarywing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,000,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense committees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this paragraph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , NATIONAL DEFENSE  RESTORATION FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $6,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Procurement, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to procurement accounts: Provided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, 
$119,368,000 (increased by $6,000,000), to remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $124,865,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $144,508,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense Wide’’, $226,096,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND EVALUA TION, N ATIONAL DEFENSE RESTORATION  FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $1,000,000,000, for the ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, National Defense Restoration Fund’’: Provided, That such funds provided under this heading shall only be available for programs, projects and activities necessary to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy: Provided further, That such funds shall not be available for transfer until 30 days after the Secretary has submitted, and the congressional defense committees have approved, the proposed allocation plan for the use of such funds to implement such strategy: Provided further, That such allocation plan shall include a detailed justification for the use of such funds and a description of how such investments are necessary to implement the strategy: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer these funds only to research, development, test and evaluation accounts: Pro vided further, That the funds transferred shall be merged with and shall be available for the same purposes and for the same time period, as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Pro vided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $148,956,000: Pro vided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $395,805,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defense’’, $196,300,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. JOINT IMPROVISED THREAT DEFEAT FUND 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the ‘‘Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Fund’’, $483,058,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, notwithstanding any other provision of law, for the purpose of allowing the Director of the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization to investigate, develop and provide equipment, supplies, services, training, facilities, personnel and funds to assist United States forces in the defeat of improvised explosive devices: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein to appropriations for military personnel; operation and maintenance; procurement; research, development, test and evaluation; and defense working capital funds to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 5 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,500,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all inhouse Government costs. SEC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may purchase for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. SEC. 9005. Not to exceed $5,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, smallscale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP 
funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the proposed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a nonDepartment of Defense agency of the United States Government or a thirdparty contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and maintenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. SEC. 9006. Funds available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined operation with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. SEC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: (1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. SEC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). SEC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Pro vided, That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any nonstandard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. SEC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. SEC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be used to provide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. SEC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘CounterISIL Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative’’, $150,000,000 is hereby appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; lethal weapons of a defensive nature; logistics support, supplies and services; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weapons or defensive articles provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. SEC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 for ‘‘Assistance and Sustainment to the Military and National Security Forces of Ukraine’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9016. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reimbursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar eTayyiba, JaisheMohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies are not intervening extrajudicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclear related material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judicial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a caseby case basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver authority, the Secretaries shall report to the congressional defense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9017. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Pro vided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. SEC. 9018. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). 
(RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 9019. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, 
the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $25,100,000; ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $100,000,000; and ‘‘CounterISIL Train and Equip Fund’’, 2017/2018, $112,513,000. ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide, DSCA Coalition Support Fund’’, 2017/ 2018, $350,000,000. SEC. 9020. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. SEC. 9021. (a) Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to Congress a report on the United States strategy to defeat Al Qaeda, the Taliban, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), and their associated forces and cobelligerents. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the adequacy of the existing legal framework to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a), particularly with respect to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (2) An analysis of the budgetary resources necessary to accomplish the strategy described in subsection (a). (c) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall testify at any hearing held by any of the appropriate congressional committees on the report and to which the Secretary is invited. (d) In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. SEC. 9022. (a) In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is hereby appropriated $1,184,112,000, for the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts for costs associated with Operation Freedom’s Sentinel: (1) ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $48,377,000; (2) ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $179,000; (3) ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $1,340,000; (4) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $872,491,000; (5) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $76,274,000; (6) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $24,734,000; (7) ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’’, $81,164,000; (8) ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $10,853,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; (9) ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $31,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020; and (10) ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $37,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. (b) Amounts provided pursuant to this section are hereby designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE X—ADDITIONAL GENERAL PROVISIONS REFERENCES TO REPORT  SEC. 10001. Any reference to a ‘‘report accompanying this Act’’ contained in this Act shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–219. Such report shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this Act. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  SEC. 10002. $0. SEC. 10003. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ may be used to procure uniforms for the Afghan National Army. SEC. 10004. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the closure of a biosafety level 4 laboratory. SEC. 10005. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. SEC. 10006. None of the finds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. SEC. 10007. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to plan for, begin, continue, complete, process, or approve a publicprivate competition under the Office of Management and Budget Circular A76. SEC. 10008. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, with respect to the revised security category (as that term is defined in section 250(c)(4)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985), any sequestration order issued under such Act for fiscal year 2018 shall have no force or effect. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 714, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ) and the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. VISCLOSKY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, I stand before you today to ask for your support to pass the fiscal year 2018 Defense Appropriations bill. It is past time that this essential, mustpass funding bill for our military be enacted into law. Congress must act responsibly and do its job to quickly get these dollars out the door and where they are needed as soon as possible. The legislation before you provides $659 billion for defense, more than $60 billion above last year’s levels. When combined with the almost $5 billion already enacted into law in December, this bill matches the topline funding level in the final National Defense Authorization Act enacted into law. All Federal dollars are not the same. We need to provide and prioritize national security after years of neglect and an increasingly dangerous international situation. Nor can we continue to hold our troops hostage as leverage for unrelated issues. We are almost 4 months into fiscal year 2018, and our troops still don’t have their funding. It is time that the Congress fulfill its responsibility to fund our troops at the levels needed. It is time to lift the budget caps and enact a fullyear Defense Appropriations Act so that our military can begin to rebuild. This bill does that by lifting the budget caps on defense and fully funding the Department at the top line already approved by the Congress in the National Defense Authorization Act. It takes care of our troops by providing additional manpower and fully funding a 2.4 percent pay raise, and it provides additional funding for key readiness programs and robustly funds maintenance of equipment and facilities. The bill includes specific investments in several areas, such as air superiority, $4.3 billion above request; shipbuilding, $1.6 billion above request; research and development, $10 billion above 2017; defense health, an additional $644 million for medical research; and grants forces fully equipped. The bill also provides additional resources in a National Defense Restoration Fund in the amount of $28.6 billion to allow Secretary Mattis to begin investing in the new defense strategy now instead of waiting a full year. b1400 This bill gives our military leaders the sufficient, sustainable, and stable funding they have told us, over and over again, that they need. The House has done its job more than once to fund our troops at the levels they need only to have the Senate fail to act. Congress must step up and fulfill its most fundamental constitutional responsibility, which is to ensure that our troops have what they need to defend our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I first want to start by associating myself with the remarks of my chairwoman and suggest to this body that it is time for Congress to begin to govern and run the daytoday operation of the Government of the United States in a timely fashion. Mr. Speaker, this is the third iteration of the fiscal year 2018 Defense Appropriations Act that has been brought to the floor. I, for one, have 
nothing more to say about the merits of this legislation that would not be redundant. However, I do want to reiterate my profound respect for the exceptional work that has been put into this legislation, time and time again, by Chairwoman GRANGER , all of the members of our subcommittee, and our superlative staff. Today, January 30, 2018, Congress is 122 days late. We are 122 days past the start of the current fiscal year and 122 days past the time that the legislation we are considering today for the third time should have been completed, conferenced, and signed into law. Mr. Speaker, we have a number problem. As an appropriator, I ask for a number to craft a bill that, by law, does not violate the Budget Control Act. We need a number so that Chairwoman GRANGER , our subcommittee members, and I can make decisions on how best to move forward so our military leaders are not hindered and forced to comply with the constraints of continuing resolutions. As an appropriator, all I want is a number. Give us a number, and we will finish our work for this fiscal year and give the certainty that has been repeatedly asked for by the Department of Defense and our 17 intelligence agencies. Unfortunately, operating under the fourth continuing resolution and passing essentially the same Defense Appropriations measure for a third time does nothing—nothing—to solve the number problem, nor does it remedy the slight inconvenience that this bill exceeds the Budget Control Act by $35 billion. Today’s legislation does recognize this inconvenience by obviating sequestration. I guess that is what passes as budget control in these days in this Congress. Some may say that we must pass this bill today to support our men and women in uniform. I would respond by saying that today’s 60 minutes of theater continues to avoid meaningfully addressing the needs of our troops. If we were serious about that, we would have solved our number problem and allowed the chair and ranking member of the full committee, and the subcommittee chairs and ranking members of all 12 committees, to negotiate a realistic budget figure last summer so that we could have completed our bill last September. That would be helping our troops. I would also add that if we don’t agree to an overall domestic discretionary number, then we will continue to disinvest in the true security of this Nation—our people. We need a domestic number so we can make decisions and give direction to all Federal agencies so they can plan on how to best invest in our national economy, jobs, and the health and prosperity of our people. The International Trade Commission needs direction so they can fully enforce our trade laws. Customs and Border Protection needs direction. This government needs timely decisions and certainty. According to the Department of Defense, 71 percent of people aged 17 to 24 years of age in the United States would fail to qualify for military enlistment because of physical or mental health issues, low educational scores, or major criminal convictions. General Joseph Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has testified that the strength of the United States military is a direct reflection of the strength of U.S. society. I would propose that improving the strength of our country is not just a robust defense number that I desperately want. We need a robust domestic number that allows for the critical investments necessary for the success of our economy, the creation of jobs, and for the people of this country. Our number problem is solvable. Give us a negotiated budget number so we can stop wasting everybody’s time and the money of the American taxpayers. Then we can truly start supporting the strength of our national security, our troops, and our national economy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ), who is the chairman of the full committee. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman from Texas for her time and for her leadership on national security and intelligence issues. Indeed, I would like to thank all members of the subcommittee—Republican and Democrat—and the staff for their hard work to assure defense and intelligence funding and also for their work on a variety of continuing resolutions that relate to the same. Mr. Speaker, I rise, once again, to support this Defense Appropriations bill just as I did in July and again in September. I visited our troops in Iraq twice last year in addition to official trips to north Africa and Southeast Asia. My goal is always to assess U.S. posture in those regions militarily and diplomatically. I can tell you, from those experiences, our Nation’s competitive military advantage is badly eroding, and our allies, partners, and adversaries know it. So how have we responded? The reality is: not well enough. In fact, we have pushed our military towards its breaking point. Instead of upgrading our hardware, we have allowed our equipment to age. Instead of arming our troops for tomorrow’s fight, we have let them become seriously under equipped. Instead of rightsizing our Armed Forces, we have reduced their size. Mr. Speaker, we ask a great deal of our men and women in uniform. We ask them to leave their families to complete difficult training. We ask them to move from duty station to duty station without complaint. We ask them to tolerate long deployments far from home. We ask them to carry out dangerous missions in dangerous corners of the world. We ask them to reenlist with their families to preserve the strength of our Armed Forces. Every passing day of reduced military funding levels creates an everincreasing risk for our men and women on the front lines. We should not ask them to continue to do more with less. This fullyear Defense Appropriations bill needs to be enacted now, and may I say the other 11 appropriations bills as well. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), who is the ranking member on the full committee. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to say a few words about the retirement of my chairman, RODNEY  FRELINGHUYSEN . Chairman F RELING HUYSEN has carried out his responsibilities with fairness and earnestness, and it has been such a pleasure to serve as ranking member during his chairmanship. I look forward, however, to working together for the remainder of this year on our shared goal: bipartisan and responsible fullyear funding for all discretionary investments. Today, we are considering the FY 2018 Defense Appropriations bill for the third time, a timewasting consequence of an agreement between the Speaker and rightwing Republicans—the third time. Last week, Republican leadership kicked the can down the road and passed yet another continuing resolution delaying investments in our military, education, infrastructure, biomedical research, and so much more. Yet again, the bill before us removes Congresswoman BARBARA LEE’s amendment to debate a new Authorization for Use of Military Force which received bipartisan support in the Appropriations Committee markup. This undemocratic maneuver, which the majority has repeated once again, is outrageous. In addition to the many procedural inequities, the majority’s effort to increase defense spending is a mirage because the bill would turn off sequestration for defense in FY18, allowing Republicans to violate the spirit of our budget laws and increase defense spending while ignoring other investments that grow our economy, create jobs, and further provide for our security. This is hardly about fiscal responsibility. If it were, the majority would eliminate the seven slush funds in this bill that equals $28.6 billion for a department that would receive far more than it requested. Four months into the fiscal year, the Federal Government is irresponsibly operating on the fourth continuing resolution. We do not have an agreement on topline spending numbers, let alone an omnibus spending package ready when the current CR runs out next week on February 8. So, my friends, 
this is not the time to pat ourselves on the back for a job well done. On the contrary, we should be settling down and working together to pass spending bills for FY18. If the majority were serious about funding our military, then they would move forward toward a fullyear, bipartisan omnibus that could pass both Chambers. Instead, they continue to show their inability to govern by leading us down a path that will require another CR that is detrimental to our men and women in uniform. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), who is the chairman of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this fiscal year 2018 DOD Appropriations bill. Although I am proud to support this critical legislation, I will say that I am disappointed to be here, yet again, speaking in support of the DOD Appropriations bill as we, again, seek its passage in the House. Despite Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN ’s Herculean efforts to complete all 12 bills on time and passing several packages that included the Defense bill, the Senate refuses to act. We recently saw the effects of this when the government shutdown put great stress on the backs of our servicemembers and their families. Mr. Speaker, it is time that we push aside partisanship and do what is right for the country and for our national security by passing this bill. While it certainly represents the outcome of many hard choices, it prioritizes funding where our troops need it most. It wisely invests in readiness, training, maintenance, and procurement of new equipment and technology to ensure that our troops are prepared for the tasks before them. I am pleased that this bill takes care of our troops and their families at home by granting them a longawaited 2.4 percent pay raise. Our Nation has been at war for nearly two decades, and our servicemembers have put their lives on the line to ensure that we can live our way of life. This raise represents just one small way for us to honor their service. Mr. Speaker, they say that the third time is the charm, and I hope this holds true here. After the House passes the bill, I urge the Senate to do so as well so that the President can sign this bill into law. According to the Constitution, it is the Congress’ responsibility to provide for our common defense. This bill does just that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), who is the ranking member on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee and a member of the Defense Subcommittee. b1415 Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, here we are again. For 4 months, the Federal Government has been operating under a series of shortterm continuing resolutions. And as we approach yet another deadline to fund the government next week, the Republican majority is spending time on the floor today voting a third time on a Defense Appropriations bill that they know will not pass in the Senate. The most basic, fundamental responsibility of Congress is to provide adequate and timely funding for the entire Federal Government, both our national defense and our domestic priorities, for a full fiscal year. The fact that this bill is on the floor for a third time highlights the absolute failure of the Republican majority to advance a responsible budget process. Mr. Speaker, voting on the same bill three times is the very definition of playing political games. The American people deserve better than this continuing Republican chaos. Democrats and Republicans agree. We agree that defense spending is vitally important, but so is funding education, transportation, healthcare, and all the other Federal programs that all Americans and our military—their families, included—depend upon. If anyone doubts the harmful impacts of the endless stopgap spending bills, perhaps they should listen to our Secretary of Defense: ‘‘For too long, we have asked our military to stoically carry a ‘success at any cost’ attitude as they work tirelessly to accomplish the mission with now inadequate and misaligned resources, simply because the Congress could not maintain regular order.’’ If Republicans are serious about supporting our military, they should heed the Secretary’s warning and work with Democrats on a bipartisan budget agreement to fund the entire government for the rest of the year. I have been ready. Democrats have been ready for months to work across the aisle to advance this process. It is long past time that Republicans join us. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this measure to fund the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018. Today marks the 122nd day that our military has gone without funding for FY 2018. Like the rest of the Federal Government, it has been forced to operate under a CR for the past 4 months. Secretary of Defense James Mattis explained the impacts of operating under a CR, particularly those related to readiness and maintenance. They include a scaledback training exercise across the services, the delayed introduction of 11 ships by the United States Navy, the postponement of all noncritical maintenance work orders by the Army, the curtailment of hiring and recruitment, rising acquisition costs from severed contracts, and renegotiated terms due to the CR. A CR means no new starts, and impacts to current readiness and future plans are disastrous. This must stop. Today’s passage of this bill marks, as was pointed out, the third time we have passed the FY 2018 Defense Appropriations bill in some form. Let’s hope the third time is the charm. I commend Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  and Chairwoman GRANGER on their tireless persistence and relentless determination on behalf of the U.S. servicemembers. The bill provides robust funding for shipbuilding, aviation, combat vehicles, and more. It invests in our greatest assets, the men and women who wear the uniform, through increased funds for training, equipment, and the best healthcare. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I implore the Senate to act. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member on the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, and also a member of the Subcommittee on Defense. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Groundhog Day isn’t until Friday, but here we are again, voting for the third time in 7 months on a Defense bill that will go in the hole—nowhere. We are 9 days out from the threat of another shutdown and 4 months into the fiscal year of 2018, which started last October 1, yet we still have no budget framework from our Republican friends and their socalled leadership, nothing to direct appropriators on what numbers from which to negotiate funding for the entirety of the government—not just Defense, not just this account. Instead, Republican leadership wastes important, precious time to debate a bill that has already passed this Chamber twice before. Meanwhile, our Republican colleagues force the entire government to run on autopilot for over a third of the fiscal year and trumpet their claim that only they prioritize the military. How can anyone take this seriously? Republicans have provided no overall roadmap of a funding strategy for the Federal Government. They failed to agree within their own caucus on funding priorities, leaving them incapable to even begin to negotiate with Democrats. As a result, law dictates a defense funding level of $549 billion. That is a lot of money. Half a trillion. But here we are debating, for the third time, an astounding $659 billion for defense. That is $110 billion more. Hmm. 
We can all agree that funding defense is a priority, but so are pensions, community health centers, Federal workforce training, the opioid crisis, keeping our waters clean, domestic security. Well, the list goes on, and each deserves attention. Why are we voting again on a lopsided bill that blows up budget caps when there are so many other bipartisan priorities? This is a partisan sideshow that attempts to mask Republican Party dysfunction. This is not leadership. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Ohio an additional 30 seconds. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to once again oppose this partisan talking point and demand action on an agreement to fund the entire government for the remaining part of this fiscal year. We have little more than a week to secure a plan for the remainder of 2018, but it may be a road too far if Republicans don’t come to the table to talk among themselves seriously and then be willing to negotiate with this side of the aisle. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this Defense Appropriations bill which will provide full year funding for the Defense Department so they can continue to effectively defend our country from an ever expanding threat which exists in the world today. This bill ends uncertainty and ineffectiveness of a continuing resolution, allows the DOD to plan and execute on the things they need to do today, not last year. Our military needs to modernize to face new threats it will face in this world, and they can’t do that with a CR. This bill also lifts sequestration caps which have, to paraphrase Secretary Mattis, caused more harm to our military than any enemy. Lifting these caps for FY18 is essential towards improving the readiness of our force. The world is changing rapidly and so is the nature and threat to our military forces and what they face day and night. We owe it to our servicemen and women to give them the resources to modernize their capabilities so that they can best face this threat. Mr. Speaker, our military is the greatest natural resource in the country. I am reminded of this every time I visit The Great Place, Fort Hood, in my district. The troops at Fort Hood are currently leading the fight against ISIS and will benefit from this bill, and we owe it to them. We sleep every night under the blanket of freedom they provide through their sacrifice. I am proud to support them and hopeful that we will pass this bill so we can give them what they need right now so they won’t face the uncertainty of endless sequestration and CRs. I support this bill and encourage my colleagues to support it. And it is a current event. Last night, as I flew into Washington, D.C., we carried the remains of an American warrior. It is a current event. We are all responsible for it. We need to get this job done. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), my friend and a senior member of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for yielding me time and for his tremendous leadership as our ranking member on the Defense Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition once again to this bill. I think the House has taken it up now for a third time this year. Let me just start by saying I grew up in a military family. I am a military brat. My dad fought in World War II and in the Korean War. He was stationed, among his posts, at Fort Bliss, Texas. And I want to say that supporting our troops, making sure that they have everything they need, is extremely important. And opposing this budget, for me, of course, does not reflect my support for our troops. But I just have to tell you, this bill appropriates the $664 billion in defense spending for this already outofcontrol Pentagon budget. It also includes more than $75 billion for wars that Congress has never debated or voted on. And what is worse, this bill includes $1.2 billion in overseas contingency operations to increase troop levels in Afghanistan by 3,500 troops. This is really outrageous, and this fund should really be eliminated. Now, the Pentagon has failed to achieve the requirement to audit itself by 2017, and we know that billions of dollars have been found in waste, fraud, and abuse. That is unacceptable. Instead of writing blank checks— which is what I think this bill does, another blank check to the Pentagon— Congress needs to live up to its constitutional obligation to complete an audit, first of all, to determine how to make sure we have a rational defense budget that protects our national security and supports our troops, not to provide excess contracts that lead to waste, fraud, and abuse. We also need to debate matters of war and peace. So we need to pass my amendment, which I tried to do, quite frankly, last year in this very bill, that would sunset the 2001 AUMF, and it would give us 8 months—not immediately, but 8 months—to debate and vote on a new one before it would be enacted. It took 3 days to enact the last one. That is what the debate was. I am asking for 8 months. This important amendment would provide Congress plenty of time to do our job and finally have a debate on matters of war and peace. However, even though my amendment passed the Appropriations Committee in a bipartisan fashion, Republicans unilaterally decided to strip this amendment from the bill, really, I have to say, in the dead of night. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 1 minute. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, this was very undemocratic and underhanded, and it makes me wonder: What is the Speaker afraid of? So I asked for my amendment to be debated and voted on on the House floor, and again Republican leadership refused—really a shame. Our brave troops deserve us to come together and do this so that they know that their country has their back. I voted against the 2001 authorization because I believe it opened the door for any President to wage endless war without a congressional debate or vote. Quite frankly, unfortunately, history has borne that out. According to the Congressional Research Service report, the 2001 AUMF has been used more than 37 times in 14 countries to justify military action. This report examines only unclassified incidents, and it was conducted 3 years ago. So how many other operations have been conducted without the knowledge of Congress or the American people? These authorizations have also been used to justify perpetual wars that are thousands of miles away. I will conclude by saying that now any President—any President—can unilaterally wage war under this outdated authorization forever, really, until it is repealed. Now we have an administration bent on increasing our presence in Afghanistan and never leaving Syria, both wars that the American public know nothing about. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill, and reject this wasteful spending. Ms. GRANGER. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), chairman of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. b1430 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support this Defense Appropriations bill. It has been noted here already: a total of $659 billion for fullyear funding for the Department of Defense, including $584 billion for base funding and $75.1 billion for overseas contingency operations. It also fully funds a 2.4 percent pay raise and supports an increase in troop numbers. When you add the $4.7 billion in emergency missile defense and other funds requested by the President in November, funding for this DOD appropriations totals $664 billion—fully consistent with the NDAA for FY 2018. 
The House passed nearly identical legislation last year back in July, and then again in September. Despite the best efforts in the House, here we are again. We are doing this legislation again—the other body has failed—and we are operating on the fourth continuing resolution for FY 2018. That is the 30th CR—or continuing resolution—that Congress has passed since January of 2011. The House passed each of the 12 appropriations bills and their individual subcommittees and each of the 12 appropriations bills in full committee markup, and each bill has seen the light of day on the House floor. The other body, Mr. Speaker, is a different story. Not one single appropriations bill has seen the light of day on the Senate floor. No progress has been made on any individual appropriations bills because that body can’t seem to get them on the calendar. Part of that has been the demand of every administration nominee be discussed for a full 30 hours—something that this Congress never did under President Obama. If going to a 51vote process for appropriations bills is the only way to break this logjam, then such a decision should be made. I am on record for that idea, as are many Senators as well. Mr. Speaker, we find ourselves in this situation once again. The real question is: Will the other body do theirs? Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ ), the ranking member on the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership—particularly, his responsible leadership— as the ranking member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the political gambit that the Republican leadership is pulling today. Virtually identical versions of the Defense Appropriations bill we are considering have already passed the House twice. The Republican majority is so bankrupt of ideas that they are now going around in circles playing political games. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I strongly support moving appropriations bills through the committee and to the floor through regular order. I applaud all of my committee colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working in good faith on all 12 appropriations bills. But the appropriations process has been hijacked by Republican leadership and the rightwing ideologues who now run the House. Regardless of the outcome of today’s vote, all appropriations bills will remain stuck in the swamp that is this Republican Congress. The reason for this holdup is that Republican socalled leaders have refused to work across the aisle toward an agreement on a budget that would prevent the gutting of investments in vital national priorities: from education to infrastructure, from healthcare to housing, from diplomacy to defense. We need to provide our military with the resources they need. There is no question about that. Instead, the Republican majority is using the brave servicemen and women who defend our Nation as pawns in a partisan crusade that would undermine the nation our troops are defending. The stated Republican rationale for their intransigence is that they are concerned about the deficit, yet these are the same Republicans who voted to explode the deficit by more than $1.5 trillion in order to give a huge tax cut to big corporations and the top 1 percent. As each day passes, it becomes more and more clear that the priorities of the Republican majority are backward and immoral. Instead of expanding access to affordable healthcare, Republicans tried to repeal the Affordable Care Act and leave millions uninsured. Instead of investing in the middle class, Republicans gave a huge tax giveaway to those who have turned their backs on the middle class. Instead of building on bipartisan efforts to advance reasonable reforms to our immigration system, Republicans are trying to tear apart families and close the door on aspiring Americans. Instead of responsibly funding national priorities, Republicans are playing political games to distract from their failure to govern. Instead of investing in all of our people, Republicans are pitting us against each other to deflect the blame from where it belongs—with the party who controls both Houses of Congress and the White House. This is no way to keep the state of our union safe. This is no way to keep the state of our union strong. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this political charade. Let’s work together to invest in all of our national priorities and make the state of our union more perfect. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I appreciate her strong, persistent leadership on behalf of our troops and our Nation. Mr. Speaker, in the days leading up to the most recent government shutdown, we heard a number of Members of both bodies, on the floor and in the press, say that they were opposed to that continuing resolution because of the damage that continuing resolutions do to the military. It is absolutely true that continuing resolutions do erode our fighting capability. This is the chance—the bill that the gentlewoman from Texas has brought— this is the chance to do it right. This is the chance to fully fund the military for the rest of the fiscal year and get them out of the CR mess. So all of those Members who came here to the well and have talked to the press and in the other body, who expressed concern about the damage that a CR does, this is the chance to fix that problem by voting for the bill that is before us today. Mr. Speaker, it is another opportunity to remove our troops from the partisan political morass that has seemed to bind them. We just heard in the previous speech everything from healthcare, taxes, funding for housing, the full panoply of issues. Some Members have used all of their desire to get an outcome they want on those other issues as an excuse for not funding our military. More recently, we have heard Members who say: Yes, I know the military needs to be funded, they need more money, but I can’t support it until we have the outcome I want on an immigration issue. So from taxes and healthcare and immigration, it is all an excuse to not fund the military, to keep them hostage, until those other issues are resolved the way that Members want them to be. Mr. Speaker, I just think that is wrong. We need to set our military free of all of the other issues. I may well agree on finding a reasonable solution to the DACA issue. I may well agree on more funding for a number of domestic spending programs. But none of them, however important they may be, should be an excuse for failing to support the military so that when they go out and perform the missions our country asks them to perform, they are fully trained, fully supported, and equipped with the best that this country can offer. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for all of us, whatever committee we serve on, to remember that the men and women who are out there risking their lives for us, do so unconditionally, whether it is in the mountains of Afghanistan, near the DMZ of Korea, whether they are doing exercises in Eastern Europe or the Middle East, they perform their service unconditionally. Our support for them should be unconditional, too. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. I have said it before and I will say it again: Last summer, the House passed all 12 appropriations bills before the 2018 fiscal year started on October 1. In those bills, we appropriated the funds necessary to equip our servicemembers with the resources they need to defend this country in the face of threats from North Korea, China, Russia, alQaida, 
ISIS, Iran, and cyber threats, just to name a few. Yet our servicemembers have been routinely denied access to these resources as Senate Democrats have been holding back the full funding of our armed services. In doing so, they ask our servicemembers to go into battle with aging equipment and insufficient resources, risking their lives to defend America. Just 10 days ago, we had another helicopter accident and we lost two pilots who were in an Apache. Our men and women in uniform haven’t even had a modest pay raise in a very long time. It is time to deliver on this commitment. Mr. Speaker, we have the opportunity at times to visit our troops overseas. I had the opportunity at the end of last year to look into the young faces of our men and women over there. They are expecting us to do this. I would like to remind my colleagues across the aisle that our adversaries are on the move. Russia and China are expansionists now. North Korea and Iran fire off ballistic missiles at our allies, destabilizing those regions. There is no doubt that our inaction only emboldens them. Mr. Speaker, we must rebuild our military before it is too late. The choice is easy: we either deter our enemies through superior strength, or we risk greater conflict by demonstrating weakness. Let me be clear: what we spend on our defenses should not be a function of any other program. It should be a function of the threats our Nation faces and what we owe our servicemembers in the field. Mr. Speaker, I implore my colleagues across the aisle to fund our military today. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would simply close at the point where I began and ask the Members of this institution at large— the United States Congress, both Houses—to please give the Appropriations Committees numbers for defense and discretionary spending so that under the leadership of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Mrs. L OWEY , in this case under Chairwoman GRANGER , myself, and the other 11 subcommittees, we can finish our work. It is less than 2 weeks before we will begin fiscal year 2019. I would ask my colleagues to please give us those numbers so that we can do our work effectively. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as we conclude our remarks and, again, call for a vote on this very important bill, I want to express my respect and appreciation for the help of Ranking Member VISCLOSKY , and certainly for the leadership of Appropriations Chairman RODNEYFRELINGHUYSEN . I have been fortunate to follow the chairman, as chair of Defense Appropriations, and I speak for all who serve on his committee, who look to him for leadership and respect him for his service. He is an extraordinary public servant and a model for us all, and we thank him. Mr. Speaker, the time is long past for Congress to fulfill their duty. I urge all Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 714, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the motion will be followed by a 5minute vote on: Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 4292. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 250, nays 166, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—166 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Issa Johnson, E. B. Jones Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Poe (TX) Wilson (FL) 
b1511 Messrs. CARSON of Indiana and CRIST changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. LUCAS, JORDAN, COFFMAN, and CARBAJAL changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 49. 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION LIVING WILL IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SHIMKUS ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4292) to reform the living will process under the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—16 
Blackburn Blumenauer Brownley (CA) Ca´rdenas Courtney Cummings Denham Issa Johnson, E. B. Jones Kelly (IL) Kennedy Luetkemeyer McClintock Scott, David Wilson (FL) 
b1520 Messrs. SIRES, RICHMOND, and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. I was not present for the following votes because I needed to return urgently to my congressional district in Miami. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 49 and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall No. 50. 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO SERVE ON INVESTIGATIVE SUBCOMMITTEES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ETHICS FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to clause 5(a)(4)(A) of rule X, and the order of the House of December 13, 2017, of the following Members of the House to be available to serve on investigative subcommittees of the Committee on Ethics for the 115th Congress in light of the elections of Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California and Mr. RATCLIFFE to the Committee on Ethics: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , Washington Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY , Florida 
ADJOURNMENT FROM TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 2018, TO FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2018 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4:30 p.m. on Friday, February 2, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2018, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2018 Mr. THOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Friday, February 2, 2018, it adjourn to meet on Monday, February 5, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 