Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we are in the second day of this Trump shutdown because Republicans won’t take yes for an answer. Senator SCHUMER went to the White House and had a deal with President Trump until the Freedom Caucus vetoed it and forced the President to go back on his word again. Senator SCHUMER offered President Trump his border wall. Republicans said no. Senate Democrats offered shortterm continuing resolutions to keep the government open. Republicans said no. Mr. Speaker, I offered a 4day CR to keep the government open while we work on reaching a budget agreement that adheres to parity. Mr. MEADOWS  objected, and the Republicans again said no. When, I ask, will Republicans take yes for an answer? I ask: Will the Republican leadership allow its Members to vote for a clean CR to reopen the government instead of giving its most extreme Freedom Caucus faction a veto in order to perpetuate the Trump shutdown? Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). Under guidelines consistently issued by successive Speakers, as recorded in section 956 of the House Rules and Manual, the Chair is constrained not to entertain the request unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. 
THE SCHUMER SHUTDOWN CONTINUES (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the editors of the National Review explained the Schumer shutdown clearly in their editorial, ‘‘Hang Tough, Republicans.’’ In no uncertain terms, Senate Democrats have blocked a bill to keep the Federal Government running and fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program for the next 6 years. Senate Democrats have made a choice not to keep the government open. A government shutdown does not benefit anyone. It causes irreparable harm to our military. Over 100,000 National Guard members will be sent home from weekend training, and over 2 million servicemembers will have their pay disrupted by the Senate Democrats’ partisan politics. As chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, I know that military readiness is at risk; yet the government would be fully open for business if Democrats had not voted against the bill, a bill that has nothing of substance that they oppose, to get leverage for a policy they favor. This Schumer shutdown could have been avoided if Senate Democrats had prioritized funding atrisk children and troops over political grandstanding. Sadly, the Democrats’ negotiating stance is: Give us amnesty or we will make the government shut down and blame you Republicans. This is an unreasonable position. Hang tough, Republicans. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
REPUBLICANS’ CYNICAL EFFORTS (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to address the cynical effort by the Republicans to link the Trump shutdown to Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. The fact of the matter is, if the Republicans cared about children’s health insurance or anybody’s health insurance: They wouldn’t have tried repeatedly to repeal the Affordable Care Act. They wouldn’t have put the provision in their tax scam that says that people don’t have to buy insurance, which we estimate will result in about 13 million Americans losing their health insurance. They wouldn’t have put a CHIP bill on the floor earlier this month, or earlier this year, that basically eliminated or cut back on the prevention fund and, at the same time, said, if you didn’t pay your health insurance within the first 30 days, you would lose it, which the CBO says would cause another half a million people to lose their health insurance. If you care about children’s health insurance, which you clearly don’t, then you don’t want to eliminate and cut back on health insurance for the American people in general, which is what you are doing by sabotaging the Affordable Care Act every day. The only reason why you linked the CHIP bill to the CR this week is because you don’t have to pay the subsidies for people’s health insurance because they are going to lose it. f 
VOTE TO FUND THE GOVERNMENT (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, some Americans have not heard the truth about why we have the Schumer shutdown. The simple truth is that it is because the Republicans believe in the rule of law, want to fund our troops and the CHIP program. Democrats are advocating for illegal aliens. President Obama violated the Constitution when he signed an executive order allowing illegal aliens to reside here as legal residents. The court ruled his action unconstitutional. To President Trump’s credit, he agreed with the court and asked Congress to find a solution to that issue and our broken immigration system. House Republicans are working on a solution and doing our job in passing appropriations bills and continuing resolutions to fund troops and our government. Senate Democrats saw an opening for their zeal to make these illegal aliens legal and have chosen to shut down the government. It is time for the Democrats to give priority to national security and legal people in our country. Vote to fund the government, and come to the table to find a lawrespecting solution to immigration. Stop the Schumer shutdown. 
REPUBLICANS IN SPIN MODE (Mr. POCAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, there is a lot of rhetoric out there about why there is a government shutdown and who is to blame. Well, let’s look at the facts. The GOP is, indeed, in charge at all levels of Federal Government yet has not been able to do much of anything since then. They can’t fund the government, and now they are asking for their fourth continuing resolution of only a few weeks yet again. The only major, concrete thing they have really done is give tax breaks to their wealthy donors, and now they are in full spin mode trying to say the government is shut down because we want to let certain people into our country. Please. Look, we are fighting for parity on nondefense funding for things like schools, Head Start, and programs like Meals on Wheels and homeless veterans’ assistance. We want to get funding for community health centers and CHIP. And, yes, repairing the DACA agreement that has allowed a lot of good, talented young people to stay in this country is important to many of us as well. Let’s remember, the only thing the Republicans have to show for their last year is a giant, wet, sloppy tax break for their donors and a way too extended honeymoon with the President. It is time to step up and put our country before our party, and we need to do that now. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair has previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. f 
DEMOCRATS OWN THE SHUTDOWN (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, the American people are demanding of us to do what is right. That is why I proudly voted ‘‘yes’’ to keep the government open, to pay our troops, to provide funding for our Nation’s military, and to reauthorize CHIP, healthcare for children in need, for 6 years. Instead, Democrats in the Senate voted ‘‘no.’’ They said no to all of these critical priorities—national security, healthcare for our children, keeping the government open—all while they pushed their own political agenda. The only thing they said yes to was the Schumer shutdown. Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. Nothing in this bill is controversial. We did our job. We have passed reauthorization for CHIP, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, not once but twice, and it has stalled in the Senate. Democrats own the Schumer shutdown. They have said no to policies the American people want and the American people need. Washington is broken. We need to get back on track. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to work together, to work in the interest of all West Virginians and all Americans, working for working families, military families, and retirees. They are all depending on us. 
DEMOCRATS ARE FOCUSED ON TAKING CARE OF FAMILIES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, first of all, to the men and women of the United States military, how shameful it is to use you. You will be paid. And it is important to note that the Democratic Party, our leadership, is focusing on making sure your families are taken care of. This is a debate about ensuring domestic spending so that you have education dollars for your children—sadly, some of our soldiers are on food stamps—the CHIP program to be fully funded and made permanent, and veterans benefits to continue. It is shameful. When I was growing up, the way to use language against a person running for office was for them to be called an ‘‘N lover’’ or for them to advocate for integrated schools or use the race card. Now, today, the person who has the highest office in the land is using the race card; and, sadly, congressional Republican Members and leadership are using it by way of illegal immigration in a political ad that has just come out to say that we are responsible for killings by illegal immigrants. DREAMers are not illegal immigrants. They are Americans. They are soldiers. They are doctors and lawyers. They are my neighbors. They are my interns. And I am saddened by this. I want the American people to know that the best moral stance to be is where the Democratic leadership is because we are standing for all of America, and we will continue to do so. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues to stop the Trump shutdown. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair has previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. 
b1415 FIFTYONE PERCENT IS A MAJORITY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my friend, Sammy Mahon, from Baytown, Texas, drives a jetblack Peterbilt tractor all over America, and he asked this logical question: Why does it take 60 votes for the Senate to make a decision? He said: Well, the rule—I can’t really say what he said; I’ll just use the word ‘‘nutty.’’ Why have this rule? We all learned in elementary school that 51 percent is a majority. By requiring 60 votes to make a decision, government is ruled by the few, not the majority; thus, a handful of Senators can block progress. The result? The government is shut down. The military is not paid. Lovely. The Senate inconsistently allows the majority rule in some votes but, on others, 60 percent. The Senate should strongly consider what Sammy thinks about this archaic rule: make a decision with 50 percent, regardless of what party is in charge. Sammy is right. This undemocratic rule is nutty. The sky will not fall if the Senate makes decisions by majority rule. And that is just the way it is. f 
COMMANDING MAJORITIES IN CONGRESS (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, a century ago, William Butler Yeats wrote a poem called ‘‘The Second Coming,’’ in which he said: ‘‘Things fall apart; the centre will not hold; mere anarchy is loosed upon the world.’’ But in America, that is not our destiny. We can make sure things don’t fall apart. We can make sure that the center will hold. Let’s move beyond the blame game, and let’s identify the moral center and common ground for reopening the government and moving America forward. Commanding majorities in Congress and in the public want to reauthorize and fund the CHIP program and guarantee healthcare for our kids. We should do this for a 10year period and save $6 billion over a mere shortterm extension. Commanding majorities in Congress and the public favor reauthorization and funding of the community health centers which are indispensable for both children’s and adult health. Commanding majorities in the public and in Congress favor passing a clean Dream Act for 800,000 DREAMers who are contributing to our communities and in school and serving our country. And all of us must favor a return to regular order and a fair and transparent budget process that allows all of our agencies, from NIH and NOAA to the DOD, to plan for the effective delivery of public services. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent now to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and addresses the other critical issues facing the country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair has previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. 
SCHUMER SHUTDOWN (Mrs. WAGNER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I am frustrated, I am fed up, and I am concerned for our soldiers, their families, my constituents, and all Americans. People are filled with uncertainty. They are confused, and, honestly, so am I. CHUCK SCHUMER and the Senate Democrats shut down the government over a deadline that does not exist. They voted against a bill they have no issues with. Democrats have recklessly put 9 million children at risk of losing their health insurance. Over 2 million members of our military, the men and women who risk their lives to protect us, are not being paid. It is time for Senate Democrats to join us and reopen the government. They need to join us in passing the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and they need to join us in putting our military readiness, our American soldiers, and our country before political gamesmanship. Stop the Schumer shutdown. 
THE TIME TO ACT IS NOW (Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak candidly and directly to the American people. There are many, many issues that we agree upon, Republicans and Democrats, coming together to solve big challenges. In my district in New Hampshire, people are dying, and they are dying from an emergency that did not exist— a continuing resolution will not solve their problem—and that is the opioid epidemic that hits districts all across this country. People are dying, families are suffering, and our communities are hurting. We need to come together, and we can. We have a bipartisan task force with 100 Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats. Just this week, 50 Members, Republicans and Democrats, came together to ask for funding for this emergency crisis. We ask the President: Extend the emergency. We need to fund, and now is the time. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent, please, together, Republicans and Democrats, bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while we continue negotiations on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and other critical issues like this opioid epidemic. This is urgent. Please, I ask my brothers and sisters on both sides of the aisle. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair has previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JOHN ANDRIST (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, John Andrist, a North Dakota State senator from Crosby for 22 years, died last week on Wednesday. He was a patriotic American who loved his Lord, loved his country, loved his State, and loved his community. John was a strong conservative who exercised his convictions with grace and facilitated dignified deliberations. While John made a mark as a public servant at many levels, it was his work as a newspaperman that leaves the most impressive legacy. His columns were sometimes provocative, always profound, but never mean. John was the president of the North Dakota Newspaper Association in 1970 and, in 1989, became the only North Dakotan ever elected president of the National Newspaper Association. John was inducted into the North Dakota Newspaper Hall of Fame in 2000 and received the national association’s award for distinguished service. Distinguished service is the perfect description for John. While he is being laid to rest this weekend because his servant’s heart has stopped beating, his legacy lives on in his words and his witness to decency. May we all strive to his very high standard of statesmanship. God rest your soul, John. I love you. 
LET’S END THE TRUMP SHUTDOWN (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, well, it is day two of the Trump shutdown, the first government shutdown in history when one party has control of the House, the Senate, and the White House. But I believe that the issues at the heart of this debate actually have support from a majority of Americans and a majority in Congress. So I ask my Republican colleagues: Who are the 218 Republicans who would vote against funding community health centers as well as the Children Health Insurance Program? Who are the 218 Republicans who oppose addressing veterans’ programs, workers’ pensions, and the opioid epidemic? And, yes, who are the 218 Republicans who would vote against the young DACA recipients and the Dream Act? We don’t lack votes. We lack willingness from President Trump and Republican leadership to negotiate. I am here. We are here ready to work. The Democrats want to come together with the Republicans on a bipartisan deal to end the Trump shutdown. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair has previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. f 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CAN COUNT (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the American people can count. Forty four Senate Democrats voted to shut down the government. Ten times as many Democrats as Republicans supported denying funds to our military, to children’s healthcare, and to everyday Americans. The Senate Democrats must be held accountable. Their actions halted government services. They can’t blame anyone else. The numbers don’t lie, and the American people can count. Fortyfour Senate Democrats voted to shut down the government. Let’s hope they change their minds and vote to get back to work. We have much to do to make America great. 
DEMOCRATS CAN’T GET A VOTE ON ENDING THE TRUMP SHUTDOWN (Mr. TED LIEU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I served on Active Duty. I want a functioning government. But yet we are in day two of the Trump shutdown. How did we get here? Well, Republicans control the House, they control the Senate, they control the White House, and they could not come up with a bill that would pass both Houses, signed by the President. In fact, the harmful House CR was rejected by the U.S. Senate on a bipartisan basis. It couldn’t even get to 51 votes. But Democrats have a variety of ideas to reopen government, and we can’t even get a vote on it because we don’t control the floor, we don’t control the agenda, and we do not control this government. And watch this: my request to reopen the government won’t even get a vote. Watch this request get shut down. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while negotiations continue on a longterm budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair has previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. f 
GOVERNMENT OPERATIONS AND RELEASE OF FISA DOCUMENTS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, we are starting hour 39 of the Schumer shutdown weekend. I would like everybody to understand that this is a 4week spending bill—4 weeks. It has nothing to do with the March 5 deadline for DACA, has nothing to do with DACA at all. Indeed, it is just to keep the government running. So, if we get 9 or 10 Senators on the Democratic side to realize it has nothing to do with DACA, maybe we can go on and do the people’s business. That said, many of my constituents are calling up, asking about the FISA documents, the FISA memo. I do want to see them put out in front of the public, and the supporting documents that go with them, after having had a chance to look at those confidential documents earlier downstairs. But I also want us to be confident in the process that Chairman BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman T REYGOWDY , and Intelligence Committee Chairman DEVIN NUNES have in place to do this methodically and carefully, because we want to be sure these documents are brought forward and used in a way that is most advantageous to get to the truth. So part of that will entail that we need a special counsel to investigate and not have the DOJ and FBI investigate themselves. 
PASS A BUDGET (Mr. DEFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, the previous speaker said this is a 4week budget for the government, and another speaker said they have done their job. The most basic function of the majority party who controls the House, the Senate, and the White House is to write a permanent, 1year budget for the Government of the United States. This is the fourth temporary continuing resolution. You are 113 days late. Now, what is wrong with that? Well, the Secretary of Defense says operating under a continuing resolution is about as unwise as could be. And you say you are here for the troops? Four weeks, now 18 days, maybe? It has cost the Pentagon billions. It has cost us $1.4 billion of lost transportation projects. That is 21,000 jobs. That is hundreds of projects across the country. Social Security needs new computers. They can’t sign a contract to get them. 
Instead of accepting responsibility for your failures to pass a single appropriation bill, you are now demonizing the DREAMers. Pass a budget. Give us our appropriations—not 18 days, not 30 days—for the rest of the fiscal year. 
b1430 IT IS SIMPLE UNTIL YOU MAKE IT COMPLICATED (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, it is simple until you make it complicated. There is a poster in my office that says just that, and it kind of describes where we are at today. We are having a lot of debate in this House about the current government funding situation, our military, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which, by the way, House Republicans actually voted to extend more than 2 months ago and did again this past week. Here is the simple part: the Children’s Health Insurance Program can be reauthorized, the government can be reopened, and paychecks sent to our troops without delay if Senators CHUCK  SCHUMER and B OBCASEY and other Senate Democrats change their votes to make that happen. The shortterm funding bill and Children’s Health Insurance Program reauthorization is about as bipartisan and noncontroversial as you can get around here, yet Senator SCHUMER decided to make a crisis out of it. Mr. Speaker, I would like to be able to ask Senator SCHUMER and Senator CASEY : Would you vote to reopen the government today? Would it make a difference, if I said ‘‘please?’’ 
HERE ARE THE FACTS (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, here are the facts: the first shutdown in modern history when one party has controlled the House, the Senate, and the White House; the fifth Republican shutdown in 30 years; and four continuing resolutions since September. Four Republicans joined Democrats in voting ‘‘no’’ on the House bill last week because it is not a solution. Mr. Speaker, this Trump shutdown is no way to govern. Republicans had plenty of time to pass CHIP reauthorization, but instead, they want to use it for hostage taking. They have the will to act on the GOP tax scam to benefit corporations and the wealthiest, but not on pensions for working families. And they certainly had no interest in a solution for DREAMers, an issue that 87 percent of the American people agree on, and Republicans right here would vote with Democrats to pass a solution to. There are two bipartisan bills in the House to protect DREAMers and one in the Senate, but this isn’t about real solutions. Republicans just want to continue to use immigrants as a scapegoat and end legal immigration as we know it. Mr. Speaker, as an immigrant myself, I am tired of being called the worst of the worst. I am tired of hearing Mexicans be called rapists or Africans called vulgarities that I cannot even repeat on this floor. Mr. Speaker, let’s end the shutdown now with real solutions for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing resolution that would immediately reopen the government through Tuesday while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appropriate clearance. f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Maryland will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, am I parliamentarily correct that a continuing resolution is not necessary if, in fact, an appropriations bill has been passed to fund the government? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has not stated a proper parliamentary inquiry. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, am I correct? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has not stated a proper parliamentary inquiry. 
b2147 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MEADOWS ) at 9 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at noon tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Monday, January 22, 2018, at noon. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, Mr. CROWLEY submitted the following resolution (H. Res. 709) electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 2220: Mr. R UIZand Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 4852: Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S395 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 2018 No. 14 
The Senate met at 1 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable DAN SULLIVAN , a Senator from the State of Alaska. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God Almighty, who rules and reigns forever, as our lawmakers seek to solve the problem of this government shutdown, remind them of the miscalculations in our history. Give them the wisdom to remember that those who sow to the wind often reap the whirlwind. Provide them with the faith to trust You to direct their steps as they discontinue the blame game and strive to do the most good for the most people. May our Senators be grateful for the opportunity to serve You and country in these grand and challenging times. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 