Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, in 2015, Russian authorities arrested Oleg Sentsov, Ukrainian filmmaker and human rights activist, for protesting the occupation of Crimea and sentenced him to 20 years in prison. On May 14 of this year, he began a hunger strike that has lasted over 130 days. Russia has unjustly imprisoned over 150 individuals. They suffer psychiatric confinement, closed trials, and harsh prison conditions. Russia also threatened to strip dissidents and members of religious minorities their parental rights. Oleg is in prison north of the Arctic Circle. He receives IV treatments of saline, amino acids, and vitamins. His sister reported in September that he thinks he will die soon. Mr. Speaker, I call upon Russian authorities to release Oleg Sentsov, and I call upon them to protect political free speech, religious liberty, and the sovereignty of international borders. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF THOSE WHO DIED AT THE ROUTE 91 HARVEST FESTIVAL (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of the 58 innocent souls who were taken on October 1. No words can describe the devastation and heartbreak my community experienced that night. So many families in Las Vegas and across the Nation are still grieving from this unspeakable tragedy, and their lives will never be the same. I am forever grateful to our first responders, medical professionals, hotel and security staff, and the kindness of strangers who helped the wounded to the hospital and stood in line for hours to donate blood. We will never forget the selfless and heroic acts by men and women who risked it all and gave their lives for others that night. As we continue to heal, what we have always known about our community remains true: We are Vegas strong; we are resilient; and even in our darkest hour, we come together united. 
APPLAUDING HURRICANE FLORENCE RECOVERY EFFORTS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the response to Hurricane Florence, which caused extensive damage in the 
Carolinas earlier this month. The mission is far from over, but the Federal response has been swift, and the National Guard units from across the country have been working together to help in the recovery efforts. Proudly, members of the Pennsylvania National Guard are helping to provide shelter support. The level of professionalism and training shown during this recovery by guardsmen from across the country is commendable. Mr. Speaker, there are many aspects of the recovery effort, including food assistance. I am pleased that USDA acted quickly to announce Disaster SNAP. Households that may not normally be eligible for SNAP or food stamps may qualify for Disaster SNAP. Providing food assistance to neighbors in need is exactly why the SNAP program exists. Food security is an important step toward bringing back normalcy and stability for families impacted by the disaster. Mr. Speaker, as our fellow Americans begin putting their lives back together, I am pleased to know that they will have help every step of the way. 
PUBLIC CHARGE RULE (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Homeland Security announced a proposed rule change that would increase the number of immigrants considered a public charge. This rule change is a dangerous departure from our current immigration policy. The administration is hurting immigrant families, including families that are U.S. citizens, by penalizing those who seek a green card or visa and use programs like SNAP, housing assistance, or Medicaid. This rule has the potential to impact about 1.8 million Texas children whose parents may forego critical needs like food and health assistance for their families in fear that, if they use these programs, it will hinder their access to citizenship. This is another step by the Trump administration to restrict immigration into the country. In Houston, we have a long history of immigrants and newcomers bringing innovation, entrepreneurship, and hard work. It has made Houston what it is today. From the separation of our families at the southern border to punishing immigrant families for using programs they legally qualify for, I am deeply saddened by this administration’s constant disregard for the children and their families. 
THE CRIB ACT (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6, which we are voting on here today. H.R. 6 includes my legislation, the Caring Recovery for Infants and Babies Act, known as the CRIB Act. The most innocent victims of the opioid crisis are the precious newborn babies that were exposed to drugs during pregnancy. It simply breaks your heart. Three years ago, I helped start Lily’s Place in my hometown, a healthcare facility that has provided compassionate, loving healthcare to more than 200 newborn babies going through the ravages of withdrawal after birth. Passing the CRIB Act today will allow this oneofakind program to be replicated around the country so every child gets the best possible chance for a healthy start in life. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my fellow Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 6, the CRIB Act. f 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION BILL (Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the House passage of the FAA reauthorization bill, and I am delighted that the conference agreement includes provisions from my bill, the Safeguarding America’s Skies Act. These provisions provide the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice with the authority to use counterdrone technology to detect, monitor, and interdict drones that pose a threat to the safety and security of our country. We must face the reality that drone technology is being exploited to advance crime and threaten our national security. Drones are used to smuggle illegal drugs across borders and contraband into prisons. On the other side of the globe, terrorist groups are using drones to target U.S. forces and coalition partners. Unfortunately, under current law, most Federal agencies are prohibited from engaging with drones due to various outdated laws. This legislation will provide our Federal law enforcement agencies with the tools necessary to protect U.S. citizens from criminal and nefarious acts. Our skies will be safer and our families will be safer. 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, as well as the many advocacy groups, health organizations, and constituents working with our offices, for ensuring an extension of the Violence Against Women Act while a longterm reauthorization is finalized. This is a crucial first step toward ensuring that victims of violence continue to have the resources they rely on and our law enforcement officers can keep up the fight against domestic violence and sex crimes. VAWA is a landmark piece of legislation enacted over two decades ago. It plays two very important roles: first, to prevent against violent crimes against women; and second, to provide care and assistance to women who were victims of violent crimes. VAWA has enhanced domestic violence and stalking penalties, added protections for abused elderly and disabled women, helped to fight against sex trafficking, and addressed the rape kit backlog in many States. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with my colleagues toward a long term reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. f 
HEALTH EQUITY AND ACCESS FOR RETURNING TROOPS AND SERVICEMEMBERS ACT OF 2018 Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Armed Services be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6886) to amend title 10, United States Code, to modify the requirement for certain former members of the Armed Forces to enroll in Medicare Part B to be eligible for TRICARE for Life, and to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of certain DNA specimen provenance assay tests under the Medicare program, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6886 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Health Equity and Access for Returning Troops and Servicemembers Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘HEARTS Act of 2018’’. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Health Equity and Access for Returning Troops and Servicemembers Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘HEARTS Act of 2018’’. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b0915 PROTECTING FAMILY AND SMALL BUSINESS TAX CUTS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1084, I call up the bill (H.R. 6760) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act affecting individuals, families, and small businesses, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1084, the amendment in the nature of a substitute, recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part C of House Report 115– 985, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 6760 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6760, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for far too long, hardworking American taxpayers watched as an entitled Federal Government took a bigger and bigger slice from their family’s budget. But that changed last year. With the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we choose you, the hardworking taxpayers of this country. With our new Tax Code, we were determined to let you keep more of what you worked so hard to earn, and, boy, have the results been incredible. Eight months later, we have seen an economic turnaround with more jobs, bigger paychecks, and historic Main Street optimism. We have gone from asking, ‘‘Where are the jobs?’’ to asking, ‘‘Where are the workers?’’ One Main Street smallbusiness owner recently told me that, thanks to the new Tax Code, they are hiring more, giving bonuses, buying more equipment, and, as he said, they are set to have their best year ever. This has meant real change for real people, with nearly 1.7 million new jobs created just since January, and paychecks rising at their fastest rate in 9 years. While this economic turnaround for America has come as a shock to opponents of the new Tax Code here in Washington, it is no surprise to millions of hardworking families and small businesses across America who were overtaxed and overregulated far too long. Thanks to our new progrowth Tax Code, there is new hope and a new optimism in America that wasn’t here before. To call it a sudden change from the sluggish Obamaera economy would be an understatement. For a decade, it was like America’s economy was going through a 25mileperhour zone. Now that the high taxes and the uncompetitive regulations of our Democratic friends are gone, we are on an open highway again. It is critical that we keep this strong momentum going, especially for Americans who were hit hardest by the Great Recession. That is what this bill before us today is all about. By making the new code permanent for our families and small businesses, the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act will keep America’s economy booming and middle class families growing again. In fact, the nonpartisan Tax Foundation estimates that this bill will add 1.5 million new jobs and increase America’s economy over 2 percent. That is on top, as I said, of the 1.7 million new jobs we have already seen created since President Trump signed the new Tax Code into law. 
We don’t want to go back to the bad old days of higher taxes, with Washington taking more of what our single moms, our hardworking parents, and our Main Streetowned business owners have worked so hard to earn. We don’t want to go back to the bad old days when Main Street wasn’t hiring, jobs were going overseas, and our economic growth was puttering along. So given the choice between keeping taxes high and allowing families to keep more of their money, Republicans chose, and continue to choose, the American people. I thank Representative RODNEY  DAVIS for introducing this bill, and Representative MARK MEADOWS and Representative MARK WALKER , along with all of our Republican Ways and Means members, for being the original cosponsors and leaders of this bill. In closing, empowering families to run their own lives is at the heart of the American Dream. It is the key to America’s economic success, and it is the reason that 8 months after tax reform became law, Americans are more hopeful about their future and the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republican tax sham. It has been 8 months since the Republicans passed their massive, unpaid for tax cut without a single Democratic vote. At that time, Democrats and independent experts warned that their socalled tax reform plan that wasn’t paid for and that was so heavily skewed to the wealthy and big corporations would harm our economy and damage important programs like Medicare and Social Security. Now we are beginning to see what many of us feared coming true. Health insurance companies in State after State are announcing higher premiums for next year, while health coverage for those living with preexisting conditions happens to be on the chopping block. To make matters worse, the Medicare trustees have cut 3 years off the life of the Medicare trust fund because of the Republican tax bill. Think of it: This vote this morning will add $631 billion to the national debt, on top of the $2.3 trillion that they have already embraced with the recklessness of their tax package. But instead of backing away from this mistake, they are doubling down this morning. Their second round of tax cuts for the wealthy will further compromise the future of Medicare and Social Security, depriving seniors of the benefits that they have earned. Today’s bill will, once again, demonstrate that they are hardly the party of fiscal rectitude or conservatism. The original tax bill, as I noted a moment ago, adds $2.3 trillion to the debt. So that people understand, this is all borrowed money that will go to corporations and highincome earners, who undoubtedly will receive the bulk of these benefits in the tax cut. Now, Republicans want to give the most welloff and wellconnected Americans even more tax cuts with their new proposal, again, emphasizing the following: an additional $3 trillion of debt, all based upon borrowed money. The Republicans are doubling down on this tax law’s attack and, once again, harming the American middle class. There is virtually nothing in here that comes to the aid of the middle class, because they give it to them on one hand and take it away on the other. This proposal would make permanent the $10,000 cap on the State and local tax deduction for individuals, even while corporations will face no limits on their SALT deductions. This, at the same time, we should recognize, eliminates many tax incentives and pretty important incentives for middle class families to get ahead. So, once again, this package, like the one before it, is being rushed through with no hearings, with no witnesses, and with no input from stakeholders. A rushed and lopsided process resulted in the disaster that we voted on just weeks ago. In fact, my staff has identified more than 100 problems with this proposal, and we are happy to share those with any who are interested. This provision that we are voting on today is reckless, and it is a cut for the wealthy that leaves behind hardworking families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DAVIS), the leader and the original sponsor of this bill. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 6760, the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BRADY , the entire Ways and Means Committee, and the Ways and Means staff for their hard work in getting tax reform 2.0 to the House floor. Last December, this Congress passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That legislation was the first major tax reform in 31 years and delivered on our promise to bring tax relief to middle class families across the country. In fact, in my district in central Illinois, the average family of four making the median income of $78,500 will see a tax cut of roughly $2,200 this year. That is certainly not crumbs, Mr. Speaker. Since passage of tax reform, we have seen historic growth in our economy. It currently sits at 3.9 percent unemployment, with approximately 6.6 million open jobs, and a GDP last quarter of 4.2 percent. With companies raising wages and increasing benefits, it is no wonder 90 percent of workers are seeing bigger paychecks, thanks to last year’s tax cuts. Unfortunately, last year, the constraints of the budget reconciliation process in the Senate forced us to sunset many of the provisions found within that act. H.R. 6760 simply makes those sunsetting provisions permanent. These provisions include the expanded child tax credit, which we increased from $1,000 to $2,000; the new double standard deduction; and the improved tax brackets, which have lowered rates for all taxpayers. As the economy continues to reach new heights, H.R. 6760 represents our continued commitment to the millions of hardworking middle class Americans who have benefited from the tax cuts enacted last year. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support middle class families by voting for this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ), a very valued member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. This bill represents a gross disregard for the responsibilities entrusted to us by our constituents. We are the stewards of Medicare, a critical support for nearly every American at some point in their lives. This bill will trigger hundreds of millions of dollars in acrosstheboard cuts to that important program. We are responsible for the Federal Tax Code, a charge that requires us to consider tax proposals fully and fairly. Yet, we will vote on this unpaidfor tax bill developed behind closed doors without the benefit of a single hearing. Most important, we are the custodians of the Federal budget. With passage of this bill, Republicans will have added more than $3 trillion to our national debt in less than a year. This is a handout for the rich at the expense of our children and our grandchildren. It is an excuse for the majority party to ransack Medicare and Social Security. It is dangerous, and it is reckless. We should vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ), one of the three original leaders of this bill. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has transformed the economy, delivering economic growth in the form of more jobs, bigger paychecks, increased investment, and historically high small business optimism. Today, I rise in support as an original cosponsor of H.R. 6760, the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018. I thank Chairman BRADY for his tireless work over the last year and a half to make this legislation possible, continuing to build on the success of the 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act by locking in those tax cuts for individuals, families, and small businesses. Today’s bill makes permanent the transformational tax reforms included in the legislation we enacted last December. Mr. Speaker, locking in those important reforms provides certainty and enhances growth. In fact, according to the Tax Foundation’s analysis, making these reforms permanent will create 1.5 million new jobs, increase wages by nearly a full percentage point, and increase the overall GDP by 2.2 percent. Those are facts. Locking in these important reforms reduces burdensome complexity. Because of this legislation, the vast majority of individuals and families will choose the enhanced standard deduction and will no longer need to do the recordkeeping required for itemizing deductions. The alternative minimum tax, which requires individuals and families to calculate their tax twice each year and pay the higher amount, will be eliminated for close to 96 percent of those who have had to pay in 2017. A recent Tax Foundation study shows that a reduction in time spent on tax compliance that is expected to come from the simplification in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will, indeed, translate into savings of $3.1 billion to $5.4 billion for individuals and families. Locking in these important reforms will fuel the small businesses that fuel the American economy. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act delivered lower tax rates in a new 20 percent deduction for passthrough business income. Today’s bill locks in those benefits. Mr. Speaker, now is the time to keep our economy booming and protect the family and small business tax reforms delivered last December. I urge my colleagues to support this and help lock in these benefits for all Americans by passing H.R. 6760. b0930 Mr. NEAL. A reminder, Mr. Speaker, that this is $3 trillion of borrowed money to provide for a tax cut for the wealthy. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), who is a longtime and valuable member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask so called fiscal conservatives: Why add to the deficit $3 trillion? I guess it is consistency. If you dig a hole, dig it deeper. Oh, it is for workers. Workers? Onehalf of the top percent get 50 percent of the benefit. It won’t pass the Senate. So why do it? They thought it would be politically helpful. Now it is turning out it won’t be. It is going to be immigration. This is a desperate move. It is desperately wrong. Mr. Speaker, I urge we vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. SMITH), who is one of our key members on the Ways and Means Committee from rural communities on this tax reform bill. Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his time and certainly his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill to make permanent the tax cuts for families and small businesses we passed last year through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I am particularly pleased this bill also makes permanent the grain glitch fix we enacted last spring. This important provision ensures producers and buyers across agriculture could benefit from tax reform as intended. This bill also continues the treatment of property taxes on agricultural land and property as a fully deductible business expense, which is vital to ag producers in Nebraska’s Third Congressional District as well as across the country. The initial version of tax reform we moved out of the Ways and Means Committee and passed in this House last year provided permanent tax relief, and our families, farmers, ranchers, and small businesses deserve the certainty of knowing their taxes will not increase. I am disappointed we could not get this permanence through the Senate last year, but I am pleased we have another opportunity to do so. This year our economy is booming with economic growth continuing above 3 percent, and the certainty of permanence will allow our small businesses to make future investments and families to know they can keep more of their paychecks as well as plan for the future. Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support for this bill. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), who is a very valuable member of the Ways and Means Committee and the voice of Chicago. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to another tax giveaway to the wealthiest in this country who need it the least. The Republicans’ tax cut already has damaged the health of the Medicare trust fund. This bill is more of the same. After decades of wage stagnation, when over 41 million laborers earn less than $12 an hour, when almost none of their employers offer health insurance, when more than onequarter of Americans struggle to cover housing costs, this Republican bill helps millionaires giving an average tax cut of over $39,000 to the top 1 percent. The Republican plan will permanently double tax over 40 million families due to the cap on the State and local income tax deduction. The Republican plan permanently takes away critical personal exemptions from millions of families with children which we need to help. We need to help hardworking, middleclass citizens. We don’t need to give $39,000 tax breaks to the wealthy. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I’m very proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH), who is a key member of our Ways and Means Committee and who played, again, such a leadership role on tax reform for small businesses and agriculture. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this legislation. Last year, Congress partnered with our President, President Trump, to lower taxes and put more money in the hands of our American people. I heard from the other side how the tax cut was just basically crumbs and scraps. But in my district in southern Missouri, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act makes a real difference. In the 9 months that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has passed, I have traveled throughout my district, and I have seen small businesses in West Plains, Missouri that told me: Congressman, because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, I can now build a new building. I have spoken to workers in St. James, in Rolla, in Caruthersville, in Cape Girardeau, in Perryville, in Sikeston, in Malden, in Bernie, in Gainesville, in Theodosia, and all the other 29 counties in our congressional district of how their wages have increased and how these employees have benefited from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I have spoken to mothers who, because of their wages being increased, were able to purchase new child seats in their cars. These were real tax breaks. These were real advantages. For people in my congressional district, the median income is $40,000 a year. It is not scraps. It is not crumbs. It makes a real difference. It is car payments, it is house payments, and it is food on the table. Mr. Speaker, we need to make sure that this is permanent. This bill was not permanent because of some arcane Senate rules that allowed it to just be temporary. I am hoping that the other side will join us today in making sure that we deliver this tax relief permanently for families in southeast Missouri and families throughout this country. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, a reminder, this is $3 trillion of borrowed money for this tax plan that the Republicans are offering. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. KIND), who is a very important member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation because this bill today, again, shatters one of the greatest cons ever perpetrated on the American people, that the modernday national Republican Party is the party of fiscal responsibility. 
The three bills that we have before us this week, coupled with the tax cut version that passed last year, will add over $5 trillion to our national debt at a time when 70 million baby boomers are fully invested in Social Security and Medicare, giving them the excuse later on to come back and say that we have to cut Social Security and Medicare because we don’t have revenue anymore. If we are entrusted with the majority next year, we will do tax reform the right way. We will simplify it, we will make it more competitive, we will certainly make it fair, and we will do it fiscally responsibly by shutting down extraneous loopholes in the Code to pay for it. We will do it with hearings and with the proper feedback which was lacking here. For all these reasons, Mr. Speaker, we should reject this bill and do tax reform the right way. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM), who is a key member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to clarify. I firmly disagree with my colleague on the other side of the aisle who just talked about Social Security and Medicare. In fact, the economic statistics that have recently come back have talked about how the Medicare trust fund and how Social Security are actually doing better since we did this historic tax cut bill because more people are working. They are earning more money. They are paying into those programs, and those programs are more secure into the future because we did historic tax reform. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act—a key component of tax reform 2.0. I strongly support this legislation, because I worked on it for many years, but also because of the stories I hear across South Dakota every day. I had, several months ago, a single mom of two kids come up to me. She is a bank teller. She told me that because of tax reform that her check is $80 bigger every 2 weeks. That meant that her 10yearold son could get new basketball shoes this year instead of going out and trying to find some that were used from another student who had outgrown them. I also had another woman from Platte, South Dakota, contact my office and tell me that because of tax reform and tax cuts—her family doesn’t usually get much money. They don’t make a lot of money. Their wages aren’t great. But because of that bill, they have more money in their pockets today. It has made a huge difference in paying their daytoday bills. Mr. Speaker, there are dozens of other stories that I could tell you from folks across the State of South Dakota of the benefits of tax reform. Our energy costs have gone down. Our utility bills have gone down. Companies have paid increasing wages for families. They have also paid out bonuses. The tax cuts have been life changing for many in our State. With that passage and with the passage of this bill today, we will have the opportunity to ensure the upward economic trajectory we have experienced because of a permanent culture of growth and stability that is rooted in the Tax Code. So tax reform 2.0 is going to make sure that with the benefits families are enjoying today they will still be able to enjoy them long into the future. While no tax plan is perfect in everybody’s eyes, I am optimistic that this package today will have a huge benefit for the people of South Dakota. Our Tax Code should help people, not punish them. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of my legislation today. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, a reminder that this adds $3 trillion of debt that is all borrowed money. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), who is a champion of all issues related to infrastructure in America. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I heard the gentlewoman from South Dakota talk about all the stories that she could tell. Sadly, that is what our Republican friends have done. They want to tell stories cherrypicked, but they are afraid to have hearings from the people whom this affects. We haven’t heard from the experts, from the academics, and from people in business. They were afraid to have hearings on their tax bill, rushing it through, and they didn’t even know what was in it. Now they are doubling down, adding another trillion dollars of debt without having a foundation factually to let the people know what is going on. Look at their budget. They have declared war on Social Security and on Medicare. They understand that it is not sustainable. The tax cuts don’t pay for themselves. They are putting at risk things that America cares about like Social Security and like Medicare—fundamental issues that matter. I hope that if the American public entrusts us with the control of Congress next year that we will go forward, listen to them, make it transparent, and base it on facts. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, because of tax reform, Main Street businesses are booming. The chairman of the Small Business Committee has played a key role in that. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentlemen from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for his leadership on this very important issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6760, the Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act. As chairman of the House Small Business Committee, I have closely examined the effects that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we previously passed has had on America’s small businesses, on startups, and on entrepreneurs. From a Small Business Committee hearing that I chaired in July that reviewed the impact of that law on Main Street companies to the many small business optimism surveys that are published on a monthly business, the results are in, and they are positive for our Nation’s 30 million small businesses that about half of the workers in this country work for. They work for small businesses. The tax cuts have provided small businesses with the opportunity to invest in their workers, invest in their equipment, and invest in their dreams. A small business owner in my district in southern Ohio recently testified: ‘‘The recent tax reduction will have a positive impact on our employees in 2018 and beyond.’’ The shops on Main Street all across America are transforming our communities and neighborhoods with job growth and business expansion, and that means jobs for more Americans. With our economic engines starting to rev, Congress should take the next step in the tax debate, which is making the tax cuts for our Nation’s job creators permanent. That is what we are doing here today. Making section 199A, the small business passthrough provision, stronger will be a benefit to small businesses from my State of Ohio and to our States all across the country, from coast to coast. I applaud the work of Mr. DAVIS, Mr. BRADY , and the other members of the Ways and Means Committee on this issue. It has been very important. When our Nation’s small businesses, entrepreneurs, and startups are thriving, so are their employees, the families of those employees, and America’s consumers. b0945 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, this is the sequel to ‘‘Weekend at Bernie’s.’’ But this doesn’t work. The headline yesterday in The Washington Post was: GOP Campaigns Ditch Touting Tax Law in Ads. The first one stunk. This is even worse. Republican economist Douglas Holtz Eakin, a good, good guy, said this past May: ‘‘There’s just no evidence that the tax cuts actually pay for themselves.’’ Of course they don’t. That is why you are targeting healthcare. That is why you are targeting Medicare. That is why you are targeting Social Security. You already targeted Medicaid. In New Jersey—we are still a State— the average SALT deduction claimed in 2016 was more than the $10,000 limit. In my district, the average is over $18,000. One of the counties in my district is $24,000. 
What have you done? That means the average taxpaying household—New Jersey, listen up—now has to pay income tax on an additional $14,000 worth of income. We may have 12 Democrats by the end of the election. If they are a middleclass family being taxed at 24 percent, that is an extra $3,400 they have to come up with at tax time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an additional 1 minute. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, for hundreds of thousands of New Jersey families, that is a mortgage payment; that is a tuition bill; that is money for unexpected medical bills. Instead, it is going to be moving to pay more bills in Montana and South Dakota. I offered an amendment to restore the full SALT. So every Member who votes for this monstrosity today is voting to make the SALT caps forever and to impose a permanent tax on middle class families. It is mindboggling that a Member would want to hammer his constituents like that. I ask my colleagues: How could you vote to punish your middleclass constituents to give even more money to the 1 percent? What is even more fascinating, a number of people on the other side, Mr. Speaker, no wonder they are voting for this thing today. They get less than 1 percent of the donations from folks like you and me. So that is why they are tuned in to corporate America. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ), who started a small business at age 25 and built it up from the ground up. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this important bill. Yes, I came from the small business world. Let me tell you, in my district, the small businesses are back, and I am proud to support tax reform 2.0, legislation that will build upon the tremendous success of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that was signed into law last year. After 31 years under an old, outdated, and burdensome Tax Code that stifled our economy and plagued our job creators, America simply needed a change. I am happy to say that we delivered on our promise of comprehensive tax reform to the American people, and we are seeing new levels of economic growth and optimism around the country—and we are not done yet. In the month of August alone, Georgia added over 12,000 jobs, and the unemployment rate fell below 3.8 percent. We are committed to keeping this momentum going. Tax reform 2.0 will lock in the middleclass and small business tax cuts permanently, allowing families to more easily save their hardearned money for retirement, helping local businesses promote retirement plans to workers, promoting startup businesses, and much more. As a cosponsor of tax reform 2.0, I encourage all my colleagues to join me today in supporting this important legislation that will unleash the economic engine that is the American family and small business. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SA´NCHEZ ), the vice chair of the Democratic Caucus. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today saddened, but, quite frankly, not shocked, at the irresponsibility of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I guess their giveaway to the ultrawealthy wasn’t enough last time around, so they have come back for round two: a fake tax reform 2.0. When the bill for this new gimmick eventually comes due, I am terrified Republicans will pay for it by gutting Social Security and Medicare, two earned benefit programs on which my constituents rely. I have heard a lot of rhetoric about how today’s bill will help the middle class, but the only thing that today’s legislation guarantees is adding at least $3 trillion more to the deficit over just a period of 10 years. And who picks up the tab? Middle class Americans, that is who. They are working families who are being priced out of home ownership, saving for retirement, or trying to put their kids through school. I urge my colleagues to vote down this terrible bill and let common sense reign. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, today’s sorry’s sequel is as phony as the original Republican tax sham. It comes from an administration for whom truth is a stranger, clocked in, by one analysis, at 7
1⁄2lies, on the average, per day. But even for such an administration, this bill is based on a true whopper. Here we have it from the Executive Office of the President telling us as his official administration policy that for every American family, the average household income will be increased by at least $4,000, annually. Yet today, fewer than 5 percent of American families have gotten a dime increase in their income as a result of this bill. Truly, a giant whopper. But like the promise that Mexico would pay for the wall, that drug companies would bring down their prices, all we have is more misrepresentation today. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Texas an additional 1 minute. Mr. DOGGETT. Corporate giants who got giant tax breaks gave them back to some of their shareholders and their CEOs, but they didn’t increase wages for workers or give more than a handful any compensation as a result of this. Now, here on election eve, we have a proposal where they are telling the American taxpayers: We promise relief in seven years, which is what this bill does. Families can’t put off rising healthcare costs or their other needs for seven years. But there is one American family who does really well out of this bill. It is the family of Donald J. Trump. They got a special provision written into the bill that this proposal freezes into permanent law that gives them a tax windfall, most likely of millions of dollars. That is what this bill was all about: helping Donald Trump, his cronies, and allies, not helping the American people. The first tax bill was a hitandrun job. With this second bill, Republicans back up and run over working families again. Democrats need to take the wheel and help Americans get some money in their own wallet. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, let me just factcheck my colleague from Texas. Since the tax reform bill became law on New Year’s Day, 1.7 million jobs have been created in America, with wages rising at the fastest rate in 9 years. Today, following these new policies, the median income for a married couple with two kids has $3,200 more in their takehome pay than it did just 12 months ago. I will remind the voters in Mr. DOGGETT ’s district that an average family of four making $60,000 a year sees a tax cut of $1,131 that my Democratic colleagues want to steal back. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, less than a year after the first disastrous tax bill, here we are voting on another bill that will double down on this betrayal and put hardworking families who are working every day to make ends meet even further into debt. As my constituents remember, the first tax law cost us $2.3 trillion. Those working to reach the middle class will see less investment in their communities; will see their Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid shrink; and will see the costs of healthcare insurance rise. It is unconscionable that Republicans are trying to pass another batch of tax cuts that will add another $650 billion to the $2.3 trillion they have already spent through the Tax Code. This will end up costing us $5 trillion over the next 20 years. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this reckless tax cut. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
Arizona (Mr. S CHWEIKERT ), a key leader and member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, before comments, this was my first term on the Ways and Means Committee. I will tell you that, both on the Democratic side and the Republican side, is a group of very special Members, having been on other committees, even in moments like this, where we see the world very differently. Everyone is freaky smart, incredibly respectful, and if they could see what goes on in the back where we actually get along, it is a very special committee. But the fact of the matter is we sort of see the world very differently. Have you ever had that moment where you were walking up to the podium and you were going to read something? I was going to originally read the comments from a number of Members, particularly on the other side, who were incredibly critical of the fact that many of these tax cuts expired and now they are complaining that we are extending them. We do have this sort of body where we race to whatever the current argument is. But that would actually be a little hard to do, right after saying such nice things about everyone. So let’s actually have a couple of comments on the reality of what we see in the math. Do you remember when the tax bill passed, the math was that we needed a 0.4 percent growth in GDP over 10 years and the tax reform paid for itself? How are we doing so far? We have had, now, multiple revisions upward. Something is working out there in our society when you see more jobs than workers; when you see, in my community, the populations that have had a really rough decade with the growth recession of the last decade, they have jobs. There are good things happening. You would think there would be almost this joy on both the left and the right when you see job training in our Arizona prisons. We actually brought one of the threetime convicted felons to testify in the Ways and Means Committee. It is so hard for this body to actually give a little and say: Look at the great societal things that are happening right now. Also, we have the backup on the math. If we do not have substantial economic growth this decade and next, we can’t keep our societal promises. I would like to argue, when we get beyond this, we have the conversation of: What does tax reform do for future economic expansion? Again, yes, we are going to have to talk about a lot of difficult things to keep that economic expansion, but the baseline math—and I know we are only 8, 9 months into the data—it is working. Could we at least have a little sound of joy for what is working? Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the highly effective Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him for his extraordinary leadership in representing the House Democrats as the ranking member on the Ways and Means Committee. He brings to that position the values shared by the American people of fairness, transparency, and openness in what goes on here in Congress, and doing so in a way that is accountable to the American people. So I thank him for his leadership. b1000 Sadly, I come to the floor again to talk against, yet again, another Republican tax scam. The gentleman who just spoke talked about how we should be filled with joy—filled with joy. Well, if we are talking about emotion, let us talk about St. Augustine. St. Augustine, 17 centuries ago—17 centuries ago, 1,700 years ago—said: ‘‘A State which is not governed according to justice is just a bunch of thieves.’’ Pope Benedict, who quoted Augustine, said: ‘‘The State must inevitably face the question of how justice can be achieved here and now.’’ Benedict cautioned against the danger of certain ethical blindness caused by the dazzling effect of power and special interest. That is what they talked about. This is about justice, justice for our country in terms of economic justice, justice in our society in terms of everyone participating in the prosperity of America and not, yet again, the warmedover stew of trickledown economics. If you give 83 percent of the benefits to the top 1 percent—glory, alleluia—it may trickle down on you. If it does not, so be it. That is what the former speaker said: So be it. Let me quote some of the Republicans, enforcing what I said earlier. Who are these tax scams for? Congressman CHRIS COLLINS said: ‘‘My donors are basically saying, ‘Get it done or don’t ever call me again.’’’ Senator LINDSEY GRAHAM said the financial contributions will stop if this— and I say—if this tax scam fails. Here we are again. Here we are again at a time, on this last day of the session, as this body prepares to pack its bags and return home for the next 6 weeks, the GOP’s priorities have been laid bare, as we waste our final moments debating a new version of the Republicans’ same old tax scam, with no accountability, no transparency, and no fairness for the American people. The first GOP tax scam for the rich added $2 trillion to the national debt, when you talk about the tax cut plus the interest on the debt, sticking our children with a bill for massive tax breaks for Big Pharma, big banks, big corporations, making it more profitable for them to ship jobs overseas, and the wealthiest 1 percent. People across America have raised their voices to condemn the Republicans’ plan to spend trillions on tax cuts for the wealthy. What is so sad about it is, in their first tax scam, they decided that they would set up a thing where the individual mandate was repealed and, therefore, the benefit of preexisting condition no longer barring you from having access to health insurance. Their first tax scam was an assault on the preexisting condition benefit in the Affordable Care Act. Not only that—that was not good enough for them—the President went further in his budget and said: We have increased the debt. Now we have to pay for it, because, contrary to the illusion that our Republicans like to present, these tax breaks do not ever pay for themselves. Don’t take it from me. Those who have worked even with Jack Kemp have said: Anybody who tells you that these tax breaks pay for themselves is telling you something that is not true, is nonsense, and is BS, except he said the whole word in our testimony. So here they are. Now they have to pay for it. Where are they going to get the money? They have just given 83 percent of the benefits to the top 1 percent, a big tax break for corporations, enabling them to send jobs overseas. And who is going to pay for it? Well, in the President’s budget, to make up for the $2 billion plus, they cut $500 billion from Medicare; $1.4 trillion from Medicaid, legislation that is not just about poor children but middleincome seniors, a benefit for middleincome seniors; $214 billion from food stamps, a benefit needed by our seniors, by our veterans, by our poor children in America. All of this is to pay for tax cuts for the rich. So here we are again. Imagine what the Republicans will try to do after adding trillions more to the deficit. Their intentions are clear. The President’s adviser—whatever his title is now—Larry Kudlow, his top economic chief, said: If Republicans control Congress, they will immediately move to cut the larger entitlements, probably next year. In budget after budget, Republicans have made their plan perfectly clear: Add trillions to the deficit with their GOP tax scams for the rich, and then use those deficits to justify slashing Medicare, Medicaid, and, actually, disability benefits for people on Social Security. Added $2 trillion to the debt with their first tax scam, putting forward a budget that would, again, claw millions of dollars back from seniors and hardworking Americans, and now they want to do it again. Well, don’t take it from me. AARP wrote a letter to Congress yesterday to warn against the grievous damage that would be done by the second phase of Republicans’ deficitexploding tax scam. They wrote: ‘‘We have grave concerns about H.R. 6760. AARP is troubled by the further negative effect this bill will have on the Nation’s ability to fund critical priorities.’’ They then said: ‘‘The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that 
H.R. 6760 will reduce Federal revenue by approximately $631 billion over the 10year budget window. This is in addition to the $1.5 trillion reduction in revenue over the 10year budget window resulting from last year’s Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ Revenue, revenue that can be used for investment. Think of what we could have done with those resources to build the infrastructure of America, a small piece of it to address the pension crisis in America, the recognition that investments in education are the best investments we can make, because nothing brings more to the Treasury than investments in education. Instead, we have this. The AARP goes on to say: ‘‘Additional increases of this magnitude in the deficit will inevitably lead to calls for greater spending cuts, which are likely to include cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and other important programs serving older Americans.’’ The letter concludes: ‘‘AARP cannot support H.R. 6760.’’ Again, here we are. They give this big tax break. They say people are going to get raises and bonuses. Some got bonuses. That is good. If you worked there a long time and the rest, you got a bonus. But it didn’t add to your base salary, which would have been the important increase for people to make. One estimate by Goldman Sachs was that there would be, following the former tax bill, $1 trillion in buybacks; in other words, corporations buying back their stock—not investing in their workforce, not recognizing that their success depends on the productivity of the workforce and that any increase in productivity should also include an increase in the wages of the workers, but, instead, an increase in the compensation for the CEO. It is shameful. To conclude on that point, there is a better way to do this. There could have been, instead of as they did with the first tax scam and now this one—the first one in the dark of night and in the speed of light, putting forth a bill that they almost didn’t even know what they were voting for. That did a grave injustice to our Nation for what it deprives us of by giving these tax breaks at the high end. There is a way to do it. Mr. NEALhas suggested it over and over again. Let’s see what we have done before. Ronald Reagan, Tip O’Neill, 1986, almost a year of hearings and transparency and openness where the public could see and people could understand what it meant to them in their lives. Instead, they just go into those rooms, and say: How can we, how can we, how can we milk the public? How can we exploit the taxpayer by adding to the wealth of the wealthiest 1 percent in our country? It is shameful. As St. Augustine said, unless a government is formed to promote justice, it is just a bunch of thieves. We are robbing from our children’s future with this national debt. We are robbing from the participation in the full benefits of our prosperity, of our workers, in our country. We are robbing our Nation’s ability to be itself, to make America good again. In doing so, again, to have people have financial stability in their lives, so that they can be entrepreneurial, so that they can take risk, so that they can invest in their children’s future. It is not only good for the individual taxpayer or person in our country; it is good for our country, because it makes us competitive in the world with our values and with our economy. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I note that the average middle class family in the 12th District of California will see a tax cut of $5,508 each year. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), a key member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I find it interesting that I keep hearing that the tax reforms were for the rich. The only phone calls I got complaining about our tax reform were from the rich. I had one gentleman call me and actually say: For those of us with three or four homes, this is going to kill us. Are you kidding me? And you keep saying this is a tax break for the rich. They are the only ones complaining to me. As a former smallbusiness owner, I can tell you how difficult it is to plan for the future. When you sit down to look at your company’s finances, you may be worried about paying your employees’ salaries or making the rent on time. So many in this body, historically, have never run a business, yet they have historically done a very good job of running some businesses into the ground. The last thing any business owner wants to think about is: I wonder what the Federal Government is going to do to my taxes 5, 10, 15 years from now. Constant uncertainty does not work for the American people. High taxes don’t work for the American people. People want to keep their money. The House of Representatives is prepared to remedy these concerns for many years to come. The Protecting Family and Small Business Tax Cuts Act of 2018 that is on the floor today as part of tax reform 2.0 would make lower tax rates for all income levels permanent. Critically, this bill permanently extends a major deduction for pass through businesses, which make up most of the small businesses in the U.S. This is significant peace of mind for the barbershop in town, for your neighbor’s lawn care business, for the garagetoMain Street startups, and for the millions of business dreams that, for now, are still dreams. Mr. Speaker, we now have one of the most competitive tax codes on the globe. Let’s make certain that we keep it that way. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, might I inquire of the distinguished chairman how many more speakers that he has. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have one. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close when the chairman deems it appropriate, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), one of the three original lead sponsors of this tax bill. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the progrowth, profamily, and prosmall business reforms in tax reform 2.0 led by my good friend Chairman BRADY . I want to say a special shoutout to him but also to the Ways and Means staff. Let me just tell you, a lot of times we take credit for things that are done, but it is the staff that has done not only a yeoman’s job but an outstanding job in doing this. And a real shoutout to Representative RODNEYDAVIS, the bill’s sponsor, who believes that it is a good thing to give more of the taxpayers’ money back to them. You have heard arguments on the floor today, Mr. Speaker, all about revenue and about what this needs to do. But the revenue that we are talking about is actually the hardworking wages of men and women on Main Street. It is their money. I have been around this place too long. I can tell you, I would rather trust a mom and dad on Main Street to spend their money more wisely than any spenders here in Washington, D.C. It is time that we give it back. Since we signed the last tax bill, the largest in American history, the economy has been booming. Unemployment is at a 50year low. b1015 New job openings are setting a record pace. We are increasing wages. Consumer confidence, Mr. Speaker, is at its highest level in decades. And while these strong numbers continue to roll in, Congress needs to act to make sure that we are more resolved than ever to make these tax cuts permanent. You know, we talk about a vibrant economy—4.2 GDP growth. According to some sources, it is now at 4.4. When we look at that kind of GDP growth and economic growth, it means increased wages, it means job security, and that is what we need to make sure that we put back on the docket today. I ask my colleagues to vote for that. Vote for the men and women on Main Street. Yes, they may call this tax reform 2.0, but what I call this is actually make sure that we are responsible in Washington, D.C., to give the money back to its rightful owner, which is we, the people. Now, this indeed makes the tax cuts for individuals permanent, but it also 
gives a whole lot of options for families saving for education and those baby savings accounts. It encourages small business development. It is time, Mr. Speaker, that we act on behalf of those who are doing all the hard work here in America, those small businesses and men and women on Main Street who deserve a break from Washington, D.C. I thank Chairman BRADY and R ODNEY  DAVIS for their leadership. I also look forward to working with them to deliver these tax cuts and make sure they are permanent. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am still trying to sort through the commentary of one of the previous speakers who said that he took a call from somebody who said: I have three or four homes, and I am not getting enough in this tax bill. That is the point of this. He doesn’t need any tax relief. That is the very example that we have been highlighting throughout this morning. Three or four homes and they are complaining they didn’t get enough? That is a remarkable comment for somebody to pass on in this Chamber. This bill was bad on policy and it was bad on procedure. Not one hearing on this legislation. Not one witness. So two tax bills totaling $3 trillion of debt, all borrowed money with the promise of higher interest rates coming from the Federal Reserve Board, and they are suggesting that that poor fellow who must be sleeping on the grates with three or four homes needs more tax relief. That is exactly what this argument was about. So the party of fiscal rectitude has now added $3 trillion of borrowed debt to provide a tax cut for that struggling individual who has three or four homes. Now they want to give him enough, or her enough, to maybe get to five or six homes with the tax bill. Only someone who believes, perhaps, in the argument of Bigfoot would then conclude that that individual needs tax relief. Every mainstream economist who has spoken about the debt—and this, by the way, cost $631 billion this morning with what they are about to do, borrowed money, added to the debt, added to our children’s responsibilities and our grandchildren’s responsibilities. And to make matters worse, Mr. Speaker, this represents a longterm threat, now, to Social Security and Medicare, because they are going to come back and say: Well, the debt is so high that we have to cut Social Security and we have to cut Medicare. They should back away from the mistake that they are making this morning. Go back to some hearings. Go back through some process. Go back to a conversation with both parties. Barack Obama was at 28 percent, the corporate rate. We could have found a common point of agreement on this. This sham is a reckless tax cut for that poor individual who has three or four homes. But at the same time, and, simultaneously, they leave behind the hardworking average men and women of this country. I urge our colleagues to oppose this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas). The gentleman from Texas has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would note that the average middleclass family in my good friend Mr. NEAL’s district back home in Massachusetts will see a tax cut of nearly $2,000 each year. So let’s factcheck a couple of these claims today. Let’s factcheck a few things, starting with my friend Mr. NEAL’s point about Dr. Wenstrup’s call. That gentleman wasn’t complaining he didn’t get enough tax cuts. He said his taxes would go up significantly. And he is correct, because under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, this relief goes to middleclass families and lowincome families working their way up. In fact, after the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, millionaires of America who used to shoulder 19 percent of the tax burden now will shoulder 20 percent of the tax burden. They will carry more because this tax reform was designed for middleclass, working families. Earlier today, we heard our respected Democratic leader say many things, including that the GOP tax cuts provide at least $1.3 trillion in tax breaks to corporations. FactCheck.org says that claim is misleading. In fact, of the $1
1⁄2 trillion, over $1 trillion is for individual taxpayers. Leader PELOSI said 86 million middle class families will see a tax increase. The Washington Post gave her 2 Pinocchios, saying most every U.S. taxpayer can expect some kind of tax cut according to just about every analysis. A lawmaker from Wisconsin, Democrat: Never let the GOP tell you again they support low taxes. They don’t, unless you are already a billionaire or massive corporation. PolitiFact gave that Democratic lawmaker a pants on fire rating, saying this will provide tax relief for the middle class, and most people in lowincome households will see cuts as well. Leader CHUCK SCHUMER said companies are laying off American workers because of tax reform. PolitiFact said that was mostly false. A California assemblyman says GOP tax cuts are nothing more than a middleclass tax increase. PolitiFact just killed them, called that just flatout false. Senator CLAIRE MCCASKILL said the tax cuts are not going to be helpful to the vast majority of people. The Washington Post also gave her two Pinocchios, said that is flat wrong, says she ignores the immediate impact of the law, which means noticeable tax cuts for her constituents for a number of years. And, of course, dozens of Democrats continue to state 83 percent of all tax breaks go to the top 1 percent. FactCheck.org—down, misleading, because it cites projections for 2027. In fact, the only way that will be true is if you vote ‘‘no’’ today. If you vote ‘‘yes,’’ these middleclass tax cuts are permanent. We have heard, today, scare tactics about the impact to Social Security and Medicare. Let me cite the Joint Economic Committee that shows the Congressional Budget Office said the Medicare trust fund solvency improved after tax reform. The tax reform strengthened the major funding source for the Medicare trust fund. Americans leaving disability for jobs due to a stronger economy will improve Medicare solvency, and the number of uninsured Americans fell—fell—after tax reform in the individual mandate. And the final point, let’s talk about debts and deficits, Mr. Speaker. This is a pleasant surprise to hear our Democrats suddenly concerned. They weren’t, under President Obama, when they doubled the national debt. They added $2 trillion in just 1 year. I am not going to talk about sailors who drink. I will just say this. Democrats were concerned, didn’t care about deficits when they were spending your money; but now that you are spending your money, all of a sudden, everything is changed. The truth of the matter is: Who do you trust, Washington to spend your money, or you and your family? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward Members of the Senate. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1084, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Larson of Connecticut moves to recommit the bill H.R. 6760 to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end the following new title: TITLE III—EFFECTIVE DATE 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protect Medicare and Social Security Trust Funds Act of 2018’’. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, no provision of this Act (or any amendment made thereby) shall take effect unless and until the Chief Actuaries of the Medicare Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and of the OldAge and Survivor Insurance and Disability Insurance Trust Funds have certified that the enactment of this Act will not harm the financial position of any of these trust funds. Such analysis shall be based on widely agreedupon economic theory, conventionally agreedupon economic metrics of macroeconomic analysis, and accepted models of distribution and growth. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I want to say straightforwardly to my colleagues on the other side, this is as straightforward and it is as simple as it can be: Nothing in this bill can take effect unless and until the chief actuaries have certified that this bill will do no harm to Medicare and Social Security. Now, unlike Members of Congress who have a pension plan, who have a Thrift Savings Plan, who also have Social Security, for onethird of all seniors in this country, they rely on Social Security alone; and for twothirds of all seniors—and that is your mothers and fathers and aunts and uncles and nieces and nephews and friends and family—90 percent of their income comes from Social Security. Mr. Speaker, 10,000—10,000—baby boomers become eligible for Social Security every single day; and yet, as Mr. NEALhas pointed out, the lack of hearings, the lack of any substantive debate on Social Security and Medicare. It has been nonexistent. I include in the RECORD a letter from Robert Greenstein from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, and I think it bears listening to so that you get a full understanding and impact of what happens when this socalled tax reform bill takes effect and its burden is thrust squarely on the people who are in most need at the time. 
[From the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Sept. 10, 2018] GREENSTEIN : HOUSE REPUBLICAN TAX PROPOSAL REPEATS FLAWS IN 2017 T AXLAW CBPP released the following statement from Robert Greenstein, president, on House of Republican leaders’ release of their ‘‘2.0’’ tax proposal: Today’s tax proposal from House Republican leaders doubles down on the fundamental flaws of the 2017 tax law by further expanding deficits and once again favoring people with the highest incomes. The proposal calls for making permanent the 2017 law’s individual tax provisions. Those provisions benefit households in the top 1 percent twice as much as households in the bottom 60 percent, measured as a share of income. Making these provisions permanent would cost roughly $650 billion over 2019 to 2028, according to the Joint Tax Committee. Large as it is, this estimate significantly understates the longterm cost because the bill largely affects only the final three years of the 2019–2028 ‘‘budget window.’’ We estimate that the legislation would cost roughly $2.9 trillion over 2026 to 2035, the first full decade it would be in effect. The revenue loss would come at a time when the baby boom generation will be retiring in large numbers and moving into ‘‘old old age,’’ causing Medicare and Social Security costs to rise considerably. Indeed, 2026, the year in which most of the new GOP tax legislation would start having effect, is the first year in which all members of the baby boom generation—including the youngest— will be eligible to draw Social Security retirement benefits. It’s also the year in which the oldest baby boomers will turn 80; people in their 80s have higher health care costs, on average, than younger seniors do. The nation will need more revenues to help meet these and other challenges, such as a decaying infrastructure, not fewer revenues, Policymakers should fix the flaws of the 2017 tax law, not extend them and compound the damage. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research organization and policy institute that conducts research and analysis on a range of government policies and programs. It is supported primarily by foundation grants. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Greenstein says: ‘‘We estimate that the legislation would cost roughly $2.9 trillion over 2026 to 2035, the first full decade it would be in effect. ‘‘The revenue loss would come at a time when the baby boom generation will be retiring in large numbers . . . causing Medicare and Social Security costs to rise considerably.’’ Indeed, when this bill kicks in in 2026, it is the first year in which all members of the baby boom generation, including the youngest, will be eligible to draw on their Social Security retirement funds. It is also the year in which those in that generation will turn 80; and, as we all know, that is the time when they need medical attention the most and a time when the Nation will desperately need these revenues. My Republican colleagues are paying for this tax reform on the backs of American seniors, forcing devastating cuts to Social Security and Medicare. Under the guise of tax reform, the trillions they are adding to the deficit is no accident, and cutting Social Security and Medicare has always been the next step. News flash to my colleagues who refer to Social Security and Medicare as an entitlement: It is not an entitlement. It is the insurance that people have paid for, working all their life. And how do we know this? How do we know this, America? Because all they have to do is check their pay stub where it says, ‘‘FICA,’’ Federal Insurance Contributions Act. Whose? Theirs, the hardworking people of America, who understand that this is the insurance that they have paid for. This is what they need in life. And at the very critical time when the full complement of baby boomers are retiring, they get burdened and saddled with this debt. b1030 I would like to hope that our colleagues would at least listen to President Trump, President Trump, who said: We’re not going to hurt the people who are paying into Social Security their whole life, and then, all of a sudden they’re supposed to get less? I hope our colleagues follow their President’s lead, and understand the vital importance of making sure, not only that we protect Social Security, that we expand it at a time when it is most critical to all of them. It would be great if we ever have a public hearing on it; but I have a profound inclination to understand that when Mr. NEAL is chairman of this committee, we will take this bill up. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, you know Washington. You know Washington. If you don’t have an argument, just scare people; just frighten them to death. That will work. But people are smart. When you calm down all the rhetoric and all the anger and all the outrage, what we know is this: The Congressional Budget Office— it isn’t Republican or Democrat—it found the Medicare Trust Fund solvency got better after tax reform. In fact, tax reform strengthened the major funding source for the Medicare Trust Fund and now, because we have more people, especially those disabled, going back to work, getting a job that they had hoped for, it is actually improving Medicare solvency. So that great big scare tactic just got fact checked. In fact, already this year, the Federal Government is receiving $105 billion more, Mr. Speaker, in payroll taxes and individual taxes, and those payroll taxes are what are the foundation of Social Security and Medicare. The truth of the matter is, as we look at this bill, both parties claim to be champions of hardworking taxpayers. Well, let’s check. So, under this bill, a single mom, working her way out of poverty, permanently will see $1,700 more in her paycheck each year. Democrats who vote ‘‘no’’ will steal that money back from that single mom. Middleclass family of two, two teachers in my district, with two kids, under this bill, permanently will see a tax cut of $2636. A ‘‘no’’ vote steals that money back from that family. That Main Street business, moms and pops working all hours, all weekends, all year, under this bill, permanently they will see a tax cut of $3,000 
every year, and they can write off on their taxes that new computer, that new equipment, that new improvement to their store. A ‘‘no’’ vote hammers America’s Main Street businesses. Young parents, struggling to raise kids, where every dollar matters, this bill makes sure that that doubling of the child tax credit is permanent, and millions more Americans, middleclass families, will get help raising their precious children. A ‘‘no’’ vote is to take that money back from those young parents. Oh, by the way, take back their taxfree savings for school and college for that child as well. And, yes, in this bill, we make sure seniors can write off more of their high medical expenses. Some called it the cancer tax. A ‘‘yes’’ vote will help millions of seniors and millions of families with high medical bills more easily write those taxes off. A ‘‘no’’ vote is to deny American seniors, American families’ ability to write off those taxes. Now, we know, thanks to ObamaCare, high outofpocket costs is now the preexisting condition. This bill makes sure that we stand on the side of those seniors, whether they are battling cancer or some other menaces. At the end of the day, while some would say, look, we need to raise the SALT cap, let me just say this: That SALT cap is a $10 tax cut for the middle class and a $146,000 tax cut for millionaires. In other words, Democrats who vote ‘‘no’’ say they just want more tax cuts for the rich. And the fact of the matter is, States are seeing a $20 billion windfall. State governments and Governors, all they need do, don’t pocket that money for their budget, pass it on to hard working taxpayers. At the end of the day, revenues are up. Payroll taxes are up. Social Security and Medicare are strengthened. So at the end of the day, who do you trust? Who do you trust with your hardearned money? Is it Washington, so they can take it and spend it on their special interests? Is it you? Is it your family? Is it your American Dream? This bill is about making sure that we choose the American people. We choose you, the middleclass families. We choose you, Main Street America, to better use your money than Washington does. As we conclude, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank our tax team, led by Barbara Angus, our Chief Tax Counsel, Aharon Friedman, Randy Gartin, Aaron Junge, Loren Ponds, John Sandell, Donald Schneider, Victoria Glover, John Schoenecker, and Quinton Brady, for doing a remarkable job for us and for the American people. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ on protecting tax cuts for individuals, middleclass families, and small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1099) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 6, with an amendment. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 1099 Resolved, That upon the adoption of this resolution the House shall be considered to have taken from the Speaker’s table the bill, H.R. 6, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to have concurred in the Senate amendment with the following amendment: In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
title solely on the basis of its failure to meet such an additional requirement before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session shall be considered to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. 
Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, shall issue 1 or more final guidance documents, or update existing guidance documents, to States regarding mandatory and optional items and services that may be provided under a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), or under a waiver 
of such a plan, for nonopioid treatment and management of pain, including, but not limited to, evidencebased, nonopioid pharmacological therapies and nonpharmacological therapies. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing Enforcement Now Act’’ or the ‘‘SCREEN Act’’. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act of 2018’’. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Opioids and Unused Narcotics with Deliberate Disposal and Packaging Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SOUND Disposal and Packaging Act’’. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act’’. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act’’. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Access to Increased Drug Disposal Act of 2018’’. 
The Attorney General shall award grants to States to enable the States to increase the participation of eligible collectors as authorized collectors. 
A State that receives a covered grant, and any subrecipient of the grant, may use the grant amounts only for the costs of installation, maintenance, training, purchasing, and disposal of controlled substances associated with the participation of eligible collectors as authorized collectors. 
The Attorney General shall award a covered grant to 5 States, not less than 3 of which shall be States in the lowest quartile of States based on the participation rate of eligible collectors as authorized collectors, as determined by the Attorney General. 
The Attorney General shall determine the period of years for which a covered grant is made to a State. 
The Attorney General may award covered grants for each of the first 5 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General such sums as may be necessary to carry out this chapter. CHAPTER 7—USING DATA TO PREVENT OPIOID DIVERSION 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Using Data To Prevent Opioid Diversion Act of 2018’’. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report that provides information about how the Attorney General is using data in the Automation of Reports and Consolidated Orders System to identify and stop suspicious activity, including whether the Attorney General is looking at aggregate orders from individual pharmacies to multiple distributors that in total are suspicious, even if no individual order rises to the level of a suspicious order to a given distributor. CHAPTER 8—OPIOID QUOTA REFORM 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Opioid Quota Reform Act’’. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Drug Diversion Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Medicaid Institutes for Mental Disease Are Decisive in Delivering Inpatient Treatment for Individuals but Opportunities for Needed Access are Limited without Information Needed about Facility Obligations Act’’ or the ‘‘Medicaid IMD ADDITIONAL INFO Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘CHIP Mental Health and Substance Use Disorder Parity Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Medicaid Reentry Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Medicaid Providers Are Required To Note Experiences in Record Systems to Help Inneed Patients Act’’ or the ‘‘Medicaid PARTNERSHIP Act’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its Execution Act’’ or the ‘‘IMD CARE Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited at the ‘‘Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act’’. 
Title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1866E (42 U.S.C. 1395cc–5) the following new section: 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treatment Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘REACH OUT Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘PASS Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. Subtitle H—Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act of 2018’’. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the requirements of this subtitle. Such requirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated. Subtitle I—Dr. Todd Graham Pain Management, Treatment, and Recovery 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Todd Graham Pain Management, Treatment, and Recovery Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Combating Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘COACH Act of 2018’’. 
Title XVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300u et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Subpart III of part D of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254 l et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act, as amended by section 7031, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Section 317N of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–15) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 547 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290ee–2) is amended to read as follows: 
Title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 547 the following: 
Section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3) is amended to read as follows: 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention Act of 2018’’ or ‘‘STOP Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Opioid Addiction Recovery Fraud Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Reauthorizing and Extending Grants for Recovery from Opioid Use Programs Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘REGROUP Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Fighting Opioid Abuse in Transportation Act’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
Section 4 of Public Law 107–82 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note) is amended to read as follows: 
Title VII of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198; 130 Stat. 735) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Not later than January 1, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report examining how substance use disorder services are reimbursed. 
Title V of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall complete the plan related to medical registration coordination required by Senate Report 114–239, which accompanied the Veterans Care Financial Protection Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–131; 132 Stat. 334). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have dozens and dozens of letters of support for this legislation; 90 or 100 different letters of support from different groups, 124 names, it looks like, that I will include in the RECORD . 
Statements and Letters of Support from: U.S. Chamber—Key Vote Alert, American Society of Addiction Medicine—Statement, Advocates for Opioid Recovery—advocacy e mail, Corporate Health Care Coalition—support letter, First Focus Campaign for Children—statement, National Association for Behavioral Healthcare—Statement, National Association of Community Health Centers— Letter, Catholic Health Association—Letter, American Benefits Council—Letter, A Coalition letter signed by 124 addiction advocacy groups: 1. A New PATH, San Diego, California 2. Addiction Policy Forum 3. AIDS United 4. Alabama, Addiction Policy Forum 5. Alaska, Addiction Policy Forum 6. American Correctional Association 7. Arizona, Addiction Policy Forum 8. Association of Prosecuting Attorneys 9. Beyond Addiction Ministry, WI 10. Brave Health 11. CADA of Northwest Louisiana 12. California Consortium of Addiction Programs & Professionals (CCAPP) 13. California, Addiction Policy Forum 14. Campaign for Youth Justice 15. Caron Treatment Centers 16. CFC Loud N Clear Foundation, Farmingdale, New Jersey 17. Chicago Recovering Communities Coalition, Chicago, Illinois 18. Colorado, Addiction Policy Forum 19. Community AntiDrug Coalitions of America (CADCA) 20. Connecticut Certification Board 21. Connecticut Community for Addiction Recovery (CCAR), Hartford, Connecticut 22. Connecticut, Addiction Policy Forum 23. COPES 24. DarJune Recovery Support Services & Caf´e, Green Bay, Wisconsin 25. Delaware, Addiction Policy Forum 26. Delphi Behavioral Health Group 27. DisposeRx 28. El Paso Alliance, El Paso, Texas 29. Faces & Voices of Recovery 30. FAVOR Low Country, Charleston, South Carolina 31. FAVOR TriCounty, Rock Hill, South Carolina 32. FedCURE 33. Fellowship Foundation Recovery Community Organization, Margate, Florida 34. Floridians for Recovery, West Palm Beach, Florida 35. Foundation for Recovery, Las Vegas, Nevada 36. Friends of Emmett 37. H.O.P.E.S. Forever 38. Healthcare Leadership Council 39. IC & RC 40. Idaho, Addiction Policy Forum 41. Illinois Association of Behavioral Health 42. Illinois, Addiction Policy Forum 43. Indiana, Addiction Policy Forum 44. Institute for Behavior and Health (IBH) 45. Iowa, Addiction Policy Forum 46. Jackson Area Recovery Community, Jackson, Michigan 47. Kansas, Addiction Policy Forum 48. Kentucky, Addiction Policy Forum 49. Kingston NH Lions Foundation 50. Lifehouse Recovery Connection, San Diego, California 51. Maine Alliance for Addiction Recovery, Augusta, Maine 52. Maine, Addiction Policy Forum 53. Maryland House Detox 54. Maryland, Addiction Policy Forum 55. Massachusetts, Addiction Policy Forum 56. Michigan, Addiction Policy Forum 57. Minnesota Recovery Connection, Minneapolis, Minnesota 58. Minnesota, Addiction Policy Forum 59. Missouri Recovery Network, Jefferson City, Missouri 60. Missouri, Addiction Policy Forum 61. Montana, Addiction Policy Forum 62. National Association of Social Workers (NASW) 63. National Prevention Science Coalition 64. National Safety Council 65. Navigate Recovery Gwinnett, Gwinnett County, Georgia 66. Navigating Recovery of the Lakes Region, Laconia, New Hampshire 67. Nevada, Addiction Policy Forum 68. New Hampshire, Addiction Policy Forum 69. New Jersey, Addiction Policy Forum 70. New Mexico, Addiction Policy Forum 71. New York, Addiction Policy Forum 72. North Carolina, Addiction Policy Forum 73. North Dakota, Addiction Policy Forum 74. Ohio Citizen Advocates for Addiction Recovery, Columbus, Ohio 75. Ohio, Addiction Policy Forum 76. Oklahoma, Addiction Policy Forum 77. Oregon, Addiction Policy Forum 78. PEER Wellness Center 79. PEER360 Recovery Alliance, Bay City, Michigan 80. Pennsylvania Recovery Organization, Achieving Community Together (PRO–ACT), Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 81. Pennsylvania, Addiction Policy Forum 82. People Advocating Recovery, Louisville, Kentucky 83. Phoenix House Recovery Residences 84. PLR Athens, Athens, Georgia 85. Reality Check, Jaffrey, New Hampshire 86. Recover Wyoming, Cheyenne, Wyoming 87. Recovery Communities of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina 88. Recovery Community Connection, Williamsport, Pennsylvania 89. Recovery Community of Durham, Durham, North Carolina 90. Recovery Data Solutions 91. Rhode Island, Addiction Policy Forum 92. ROCovery Fitness, Rochester, New York 93. Shatterproof 94. Smart Approaches to Marijuana Action (SAM Action) 95. SMART Recovery, Nationwide 96. Sobriety Matters 97. Solutions Recovery, Oshkosh, Wisconsin 98. South Dakota, Addiction Policy Forum 99. SpiritWorks Foundation, Williamsburg, Virginia 100. Springs Recovery Connection, Colorado Springs, Colorado 101. Strengthening the MidAtlantic Region for Tomorrow (SMART) 102. Tennessee, Addiction Policy Forum 103. Texas, Addiction Policy Forum 104. The DOOR—DeKalb Open Opportunity for Recovery, Decatur, Georgia 105. The McShin Foundation, Richmond, Virginia 106. The Moyer Foundation 107. The Phoenix, Nationwide 108. The RASE Project, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 109. The Solano Project, Fairfield, California 110. Treatment Communities of America 111. Trilogy Recovery Community, Walla Walla, Washington 112. Trust for America’s Health 113. Utah, Addiction Policy Forum 114. Vermont, Addiction Policy Forum 115. Virginia, Addiction Policy Forum 116. Voices of Hope Lexington, Lexington, Kentucky 117. Voices of Recovery San Mateo County, San Mateo, California 118. WAIIAM, Inc. and RISE Recovery Community, Lansing, Michigan 119. Washington, Addiction Policy Forum 120. Washtenaw Recovery Advocacy Project (WRAP), Ann Arbor, Michigan 121. West Virginia, Addiction Policy Forum 122. Wisconsin Voices for Recovery, Madison, Wisconsin 123. Wisconsin, Addiction Policy Forum 124. Wyoming, Addiction Policy Forum 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6. This is the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act that your Energy and Commerce Committee has worked on diligently for nearly 2 years. In my own case, in 10 roundtables throughout Oregon, I have heard from everyday people on the frontlines of this fight in our communities. They are the victims. They are the families. They are medical providers and treatment advocates. They are local law enforcement, and they are first responders. They are our neighbors. They are our loved ones. Each of these people puts a name and a face to what I would say is the worst drug epidemic we have seen in America, the opioid crisis. I have heard from Oregon families, I have heard from Mike and Winnie, from Grants Pass, who have seen their loved one struggle with addiction. Mike’s sister who died, she was a nurse, became addicted, and overdosed. He told me that at a townhall in a community forum. Their son struggles with his addiction to this day from a sports injury starting with opioids, ending with heroin. We will never know what could have become of the 72,000 Americans who died last year. Every 24 hours, 1,000 people go to emergency rooms overdosing from opioids. Roughly 115 die. I heard it from Paula, whose two sons and stepson struggle with their opioid addiction today. As a parent, I can only imagine what parents of children with opioid addiction must feel every time the phone rings. They think it may be that call. For the millions of people currently struggling with addiction, please know, don’t give up. It is never too late to seek help. We stand with you. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is a product of months of bipartisan, bicameral work, eight House committees involved, I think probably every Member of this House, five Senate committees, dozen and dozens of Members of Congress. And the faces that we came to know are the parents and the children whom they lost, Amanda Beatrice Gray being one of them, a beautiful young woman, talented, struggling with her issues, overdosed on heroin heavily laced with fentanyl. We are here for them, Mr. Speaker. We are here for our neighbors, for our 
loved ones, who deal with this crisis every day of their life, and in the great joined cause of those who lost. Mr. Speaker, because we are going to hear from a lot of our Members who have put so much work into this, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. This bill is the product of many months of hard work by several committees in the House and Senate. It is important that we pass this bill today as another step in addressing the opioid crisis that is ravaging every community in our Nation. Last year, a record 72,000 Americans died of drug overdoses; that is about 200 people dying every day, and this is a national crisis that is devastating families and that this Congress must act on. And while this legislation will not solve every problem, I do believe it includes important policies that will help turn the tide of this tragic opioid epidemic. It will also improve treatment options for those battling other substanceuse disorders. I am proud that H.R. 6 builds upon CARA, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, by including a provision championed by my colleague, Congressman TONKO , that would allow all advanced practice registered nurses to treat patients with bupe for opioid use disorder. It also gives nurse practitioners and physician assistants the authority to treat patients with bupe permanently, and it codifies the 275 patient physician cap. This is a critical step in expanding access to the treatment of these drugs, one of the major challenges that we continue to face in the fight against this epidemic. Mr. Speaker, the legislation also expands access to coverage. It includes an important provision that I worked on with Ways and Means Committee Ranking Member NEAL that expands Medicare coverage of opioid treatment programs and medicationassisted treatment. In the Medicaid space, I am pleased to see the inclusion of several Democratic priorities. This bill requires State Medicaid programs to cover all forms of medicationassisted treatment, which plays a critical and lifesaving role in treating opioid use disorder. It provides grants to State Medicaid programs to help increase the number of substance use disorder providers and services. It increases access to mental health and substance use disorder treatment for children and pregnant women covered by CHIP, and it ensures former foster youth are able to keep their Medicaid coverage across State lines up to the age of 26. And it improves the continuity of Medicaid coverage for juveniles in the justice system. I am also pleased that we have been able to improve upon the Housepassed IMD policy. This bill adds new safeguards to ensure that States continue to provide an adequate level of outpatient services and offer medication assisted treatment. It does this by making clear that this policy does not impact the more comprehensive efforts to provide care in IMDs that is ongoing in many States today. b1045 H.R. 6 also includes provisions from my legislation, the SCREEN Act, that would give the Food and Drug Administration the ability to take action against illicit controlled substances coming in through international mail facilities across the country. FDA will now be able to prohibit the importation of drugs by people who have repeatedly imported illicit drugs. It also allows the agency to cease distribution of or recall controlled substances, like opioids, if they are endangering patients. These provisions also provide FDA expanded authority and capacity needed to more effectively combat the influx of deadly synthetic opioids, like fentanyl, from reaching our shores through the mail in the first place. It also provides the Federal Trade Commission with stronger enforcement tools to go after bad actors that are taking advantage of the suffering of individuals combating addictions. Mr. Speaker, there is one provision that is concerning and that I do want to mention. It did not go through regular order and was not properly vetted. In fact, it was added at the very last minute. That is a proposal by Senator RUBIO to create a new criminal antikickback statute. I know this proposal is wellintentioned in addressing the serious problem of patient brokers who are taking advantage of individuals with opioid use disorders and referring them to substandard or fraudulent providers in exchange for kickbacks. This is an issue, but since the bill was introduced last Tuesday night, multiple stakeholders have raised concerns that the language does not do what we think it does. It may have unintended consequences. Mr. Speaker, I hope this is a good lesson to all of us that passing legislation that has not been properly vetted, and that the public has not had an adequate chance to review, is unwise. I hope to get a commitment from Chairman WALDEN and Chairman G OODLATTE  to work to address any technical problems with this provision in the upcoming months. In closing, Mr. Speaker, these are all policies that have the potential to make a real impact on this epidemic, but our work here is not complete. An epidemic of this size will take a long term commitment to improving health insurance coverage, treatment, access, and affordability. This bill is an important step, but I want to stress that we have to do a lot more. The opioid crisis continues to get worse. A lot more needs to be done to provide treatment and expand the treatment infrastructure. More resources are needed to support the families and communities impacted by this crisis. So what we are doing today is clearly helpful, but it is not enough. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), the distinguished and talented chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member PALLONE for their work. The opioid crisis, as you know, has impacted every community in America, has robbed countless individuals of their full potential. We all know someone who lost a loved one because they were exposed to opioids and then quickly addicted, and I know that sometimes, in routine surgery, they didn’t even need it. This can be prevented, and that is why I rise today in support of H.R. 6. This is bicameral and bipartisan. It addresses this crisis by putting in place many commonsense measures to reduce the unnecessary prescribing of opioids and get people treatment once they become addicted. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. NEAL; the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee, Mr. LEVIN; as well as leaders on our side and Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. CURBELO , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. B ISHOP  for authorizing key provisions of H.R. 6. They will save lives and heal communities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), the ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee who worked so hard on this legislation as well. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, and I want to acknowledge Mr. PALLONE , Mr. WALDEN , and Mr. B RADY , the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, for the good work that they have offered on this as well. The opioid crisis is not a partisan issue. It is a health, safety, family, community, and economic issue. Everybody in this Chamber today has a family member or knows someone close to them who is connected to the opioid crisis. H.R. 6 represents the best of bipartisan and bicameral negotiation. This is, indeed, the way policy can and should be done. The bill includes a number of Democratic priorities to expand treatment options for our neighbors, family members, and friends suffering from opioid use disorders. It includes my bill, with Member PALLONE , that would require Medicare to cover opioid treatment programs so that our Nation’s seniors might have more outpatient options for treatment. 
Opioid use disorders are rapidly growing among Medicare beneficiaries. In 13 States, the highest rate of opioid related inpatient hospital stays is amongst those over 65. This policy would give Medicare beneficiaries increased access to a range of medication and behavioral treatment options, leading to more hope for longterm recovery. I am also pleased that H.R. 6 includes the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act, which would help to stop the flow of opioids through the United States. This legislation stems from the STOP Act, a bill that I worked on with Mr. Tiberi before his retirement earlier this year. I want to commend him, in addition to Trade Subcommittee Ranking Member PASCRELL , for their work on this bipartisan legislation. While the bill before us is a step in the right direction, this epidemic is not going to turn around overnight. It needs a thoughtful, longterm, sustainable approach that requires significant Federal investments. H.R. 6 represents the initial step in addressing this crisis, but it cannot be the end. Part of that longterm approach must include protecting and strengthening Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act. I want to take a moment to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for their usual good work in this Chamber, for the weeks of hard effort they put in bringing this bill to fruition. The effort exemplifies bipartisan cooperation, and a particular thanks to House and Senate legislative counsel who worked long nights and weekends to finish the bill. Thanks also to the CMS Office of Legislation and the staff of the Congressional Budget Office who played a critical role in finalizing the bill. This is a complicated issue, and H.R. 6 is not going to solve the public health epidemic or its impact on society at the moment, but it certainly is a good step. I encourage all of us here in this Chamber today and in Congress to continue to work together to develop policy solutions for members of our community who are suffering from this terrible epidemic. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ), and concur in my colleague’s comments in praise of the staff that we worked with to get this done. The gentlewoman has been a real leader. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, the opioid and heroin crisis continues to hit Hoosiers hard. Sadly, we haven’t turned the tide yet. It is robbing the futures of Americans in every State in our Nation. We must support those battling addiction. I have met with so many Hoosiers battling addiction. I visited treatment centers and recovery houses like the La Verna Lodge for men and Ohana House Sober Living for women. I have talked with addicts and those battling addiction about what is working and what is not working with different recovery options. Passing the strong bipartisan bill before us today is critically important. It will help ensure that more people have better access to treatments, and we can try to save more lives across this country. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. PALLONE for yielding, and for his great work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of provisions in this package reauthorizing and reforming the Office of National Drug Control Policy to improve coordination of our national response to the drug crisis. At my request, the bill creates a demand reduction coordinator position, parallel to the existing interdiction coordinator, to strengthen demand reduction initiatives, including efforts to expand treatment. Among other critical reforms, this legislation also requires ONDCP to report whether drug control program agency budgets are adequate to achieve the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy. It requires the compilation of essential data on overdoses, deaths, and interdiction in a data dashboard, so the American people have a clear, accessible picture of the effectiveness of efforts to combat the drug crisis. I thank Chairman GOWDY , Chairman MEADOWS , and Vice Ranking Member CONNOLLY for working with me to develop legislation that will reform ONDCP. I thank Chairman GRASSLEY , Ranking Member FEINSTEIN , and Senator CORNYN for their leadership. Let me also give special thanks to the committee staff and, I must say, to the majority and the minority staff. They did a phenomenal job working hard in conference and throughout this effort. Without their extraordinary efforts, this legislation would not be in this package today. Mr. Speaker, I close with a simple warning. There are a lot of people suffering. Almost 198 people die a day—a day. Those are the people who are dying, but there are a lot of people in the pipeline who are in so much pain, they don’t even know they are in pain. So while the provisions of H.R. 6 are important, without significantly expanding access to treatment and wraparound services through longterm, sustained funding, we continue to nibble at the edges of our national crisis, and the crisis will continue to worsen. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor and high privilege to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), the Speaker of the House and my dear friend and classmate from the class of ‘98. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about something that is really close to all of our hearts. We have reached a point in this country where opioid overdoses claim more than 100 lives each and every single day. Think about that for a moment, more than 100 lives every day. Mothers and fathers are burying sons and daughters, or in some cases, sons and daughters are burying mothers and fathers. I bring this up simply to impart the gravity of the situation, which makes our response all the more urgent. But while the situation is certainly grave, that does not mean that we should ever lose hope. As we have worked on this legislation we will soon send to the President, we all had to go out and gain an understanding of the facts on this issue. Everybody on both sides of the aisle spent so much time on this bill. In doing that, we have gleaned so much understanding. And that is, after all, how our Republic works. That is what the people’s House does. We learn from our constituents. We hear their stories. We see the suffering, and then we act. This is a fantastic moment of people coming together to solve a problem. I think, in this process, we gained something very special. Many of us heard the stories from incredible souls who have known unspeakable loneliness and who struggle with drug addiction. They made it through to the other side. We met family members and friends who have known the pain and the fear that accompanies loving someone wrestling with addiction. Every one of us knows somebody or is related to somebody who has gone through this. We met those who will never again have the chance to see the ones that they love so much. Amid the overwhelming darkness, we have gotten to see their spark, their strength. From this pain has come something more powerful: resolve and a passion to make sure that others have a safe place to turn, that this doesn’t happen to their family. Witnessing this kind of strength, witnessing this kind of resilience, that is what helped produce this legislation. Through these bills, we are trying to ensure that anyone who needs help is not too isolated to receive it. We are giving our communities the resources that they need to provide stronger treatment networks and support systems. That is where the healing happens. That is where Americans are at our best. If this legislation can save one life and bring help to one person, that is what matters. It is going to do far more than that. b1100 So I want to thank all of those who were brave enough to share their stories with all of us. I want to thank all of those people who all of us met with 
for being brave, for coming here, for meeting us, and for testifying and giving us their stories. And for all of those who are continuing to struggle in silence, I want them to know that there is no shame in their trials. In our own ways, we all fall. In our Catholic tradition, we look to St. Jude as the patron saint of lost causes, a keeper of those who some in society may have written off. To me, his guardianship is written in this legislation. There are no lost causes. No one is permanently down. It is about offering a helping hand, and it is about opening our hearts. Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of this legislation. I am so thankful to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who came together to put these families and to put these communities first. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), a member of the committee. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, all across my district, I have encountered stories of individuals and families whose lives have been irrevocably changed by the scourge of the opioid epidemic: a father who lost his daughter too young and is pouring his grief into advocacy, a former neighbor and a dad who left behind two young children, a young man who is walking the hard path of recovery and showing others how to do the same. These are the stories I hear day in and day out. They fill my heart; they fill my voice. And it is because of them that I am so very proud to cast a vote in favor of H.R. 6 today. It is my hope that this legislation will be another small step for our Nation on its road of recovery from this epidemic. I am particularly proud that this bill incorporates legislation that I have introduced, along with my good friend Representative BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, which will provide a meaningful expansion to highquality addiction treatment by allowing additional healthcare providers, such as nurse midwives, to prescribe buprenorphine, a medicationassisted treatment for opioid use disorder. In addition, this provision will make permanent buprenorphineprescribing authority for nurse practitioners and physician assistants and allow certain providers to treat more patients in the first year of their license. These changes will make a big difference for individuals struggling from addiction across our country, especially in rural areas, and for vulnerable populations like pregnant and postpartum women and the 13,000 babies born each year with neonatal abstinence syndrome. I also want to highlight the inclusion of my Medicaid Reentry Act into this bill, which aims to improve care for individuals who are leaving jail or prison and reentering a community setting. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New York. Mr. TONKO. These individuals are highly vulnerable to opioid overdose due to lack of effective addiction treatment while incarcerated. By passing this legislation, we will allow States to engage in demonstration projects to improve medical care and transition related services to Medicaideligible incarcerated individuals in the 30 days prior to their release, reducing the risk of overdose as individuals are coming back into the community for a second chance. I truly believe that this provision will transform lives. I thank Ranking Member PALLONE , Chairman WALDEN , and their staffs for their continued efforts in this process. Without their dedicated, bipartisan work, we would not be making this progress today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). The country is well served by his chairmanship of the Subcommittee on Health. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6 is by far the most comprehensive legislation to address this national crisis. While more work remains—and I am the first to admit it—it provides meaningful solutions and vital resources for our States and localities. Many of the priorities developed by the Energy and Commerce Committee are included in H.R. 6, like the 21st Century Tools for Pain and Addiction Treatment Act, partially repealing the institutions for mental disease exclusion and strengthening interagency coordination at our international mail facilities so that, perhaps, once and for all, we can do something about this poison coming into our country from eastern Asia to the detriment of our citizens. I believe H.R. 6 could have been stronger. It could have included language aligning 42 CFR Part 2 with HIPAA. That standalone bill received 357 votes in this House. And I promise you, you will see it again. I am concerned about expanding prescriptive authority for nonphysicians, and I hope we will be able to look at that again in the future. But I cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good. I urge our Members to support this product today. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ), also a member of the committee. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member PALLONE for yielding and Chairman WALDEN for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. This is a critical first step in addressing the opioid epidemic. I have lived on all sides of this. I lived in a home with a father who was an opioid addict before anyone knew what it was. I had a sister who died of a drug overdose. Yet I also live with a man who has very serious chronic pain and needs opioids to live his life comfortably. We cannot let the pendulum swing too far in either direction, and we cannot be denying medication to those who need it. I am confident that this legislation strikes the right balance. This bill has four provisions which I authored included in it: The ACE Research Act, which I cosponsored with my friend Mr. UPTON , will spur innovative research into nonopioid pain medications at NIH and will help lead the next big breakthrough and bring benefits to patients. We need nonaddictive pain drugs. I am also pleased that Jessie’s Law, which I have worked on for years with Mr. WALBERG , is in this. This provision, which is named after a young woman we lost far too soon, would require HHS to establish best practices to ensure that medical professionals have full knowledge of their patient’s opioid history. The Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act fixes a critical gap in our laws by permitting hospice employees from disposing of unused opioids after a patient has passed away or the medication is no longer needed. Finally, I was pleased to work on language with Dr. BUCSHON to ensure that the Welcome to Medicare wellness exam includes a review of the beneficiary’s current opioid prescriptions and screening for potential substance use disorder. As we pass this legislation to combat this epidemic which has claimed so many lives, we cannot forget the 25 million people who do live in pain. We cannot let the pendulum go either way. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, it is now my privilege to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ), the very effective chairman of our Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection Subcommittee. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6. This legislation will make a significant difference to tens of thousands of Americans who are struggling with addiction. I am pleased that my bill, the INFO Act, is part of the fight against the opioid crisis. The INFO Act is essential to ensuring we are providing behavioral health professionals, advocates, physicians, and families with the tools, resources, and funding information they need to prevent, identify, and treat addiction. Furthermore, H.R. 6 is critically important to stop the flow of illegal opioids, prevent the misuse of drugs, and help those who are addicted. With 190 Americans dying every day from overdoses, it is time to act now. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. G ENEGREEN ), the ranking member of our Health Subcommittee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, bipartisan legislation that will help stem the tide against the Nation’s opioid crisis and support Americans overcoming opioid addiction. In 2016 alone, 42,000 Americans died from opioids, including prescription pain relievers and illicit opioids like fentanyl. This is a serious national crisis that affects public health and the social and economic welfare of communities throughout our great country. The Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, which I am proud to serve on as ranking member, held several hearings on the opioid crisis last spring. I am proud to see our committee and both Chambers of Congress come together and support the package before us today that includes the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act that I introduced, along with my friend Representative BRETT GUTHRIE  from Kentucky, earlier this year. This legislation would fund designated treatment centers where Americans suffering from opioid abuse can receive comprehensive patientcentered care. The bill would allow designated treatment centers to provide wraparound services, including mental health, counseling, recovery housing, and job training and placement to support reintegration into the workforce. These wraparound services have been shown to help many Americans successfully overcome opioid addition. The SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act includes several provisions to combat this crisis, including strengthening the Federal Government’s authority to restrict illegal drugs entering our country, and providing Medicaid for atrisk youth and former foster children. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and support this important legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6, which delivers greater resources, treatment, and mitigation tools to fight opioid addiction. I am especially pleased that a bill that I sponsored related to infectious diseases is included in the final package. I commend the Congressman from Massachusetts, Mr. JOEKENNEDY , for being my lead cosponsor on this part of the overall whole. Infectious diseases complicate the lifelong path toward addiction recovery. H.R. 6 is one of the most important measures to pass this Congress. It should be supported unanimously. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAYLUJA´N). Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. This is an important step forward in the fight against the Nation’s opioid epidemic. However, this Congress must acknowledge that this is not the end. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege. There is much more work to do to ensure that families get the help that they deserve. I am pleased that this package includes language that I have championed to address gaps in prevention and gaps in access to treatment. In addition, this bill will create pathways to behavioral healthcare jobs in communities like New Mexico. Still, Congress must do more. As we have heard from Representative CUMMINGS , this is going to take much more money, investment, and comprehensive legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE). Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. One of the main things I hear back home is how our Nation’s ongoing opioid crisis has affected either themselves, their loved ones, or their community. Mothers, fathers, children, bankers, dentists, bus drivers, or high school athletes, anyone can fall victim to opioid use disorder. That is why I am proud to work with my colleagues in support of the act so that we can help these people who are suffering from this terrible epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this critical legislation so that we can deliver relief to those communities. b1115 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, before we conclude debate, let me just take a moment to thank everyone for all of their hard work getting this bill across the finish line. This bill represents a collection of Member ideas and policies across the political spectrum. Many people may not know this, but the staff of the House and Senate committees negotiated this bill in a matter of weeks, and that is no small feat. It took a lot of effort, long hours and weekend work to pull this off. It is a product we can all be proud of. So let me thank all legislative counsel and CBO for their efforts as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) to speak about the legislation. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act is the product of a year of hearings and investigations into America’s opioid crisis. This thoughtful bipartisan legislation will provide more tools to our communities to help them. I am proud that we included my legislative efforts to help Medicare beneficiaries, begin reforms to the sober home industry, and address the problem of patient brokering. We need to pass this bill and give our constituents the help they need. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), who is a leader on this issue. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today is the culmination of months of tireless work driven by heartbreaking stories of people whose lives were destroyed by opioid addiction, and, just as importantly, the powerful stories of hope and recovery. I am grateful for the hard work of my colleagues and our Energy and Commerce staff. I am proud that my legislation to improve how health professional students are taught to recognize, prevent, and address addiction, as well as to expand the availability of telehealth and peer support services for those struggling with addiction is included. Mr. Speaker, I am looking forward to continuing the hard work ahead on this very important issue, and I urge support for the bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), who is a talented physician on our committee. Mr. BUCSHON: Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. This bipartisan bill will help our struggling communities to combat the opioid epidemic by increasing access and improving care to those in need and preventing new occurrences of opioid misuse and abuse. Section 2002, which I authored, would provide screening for chronic pain, address possible nonopioid pain alternatives, and increase early detection of opioid use disorder in seniors as they enter Medicare. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have worked with my colleagues on solutions to this serious epidemic, and I urge support of H.R. 6. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) to speak on the measure. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan package to address the opioid crisis devastating our communities. This legislation includes two provisions authored by myself and my good friend from Michigan, Congresswoman DEBBIE DINGELL . One will help safely dispose of unused drugs and prevent their diversion into the community. The other, Jessie’s Law, honors the memory of Jessie Grubb and will help prevent future overdose tragedies under medical care. Mr. Speaker, this critical legislation will help save and rebuild lives. I urge its passage today, and I look forward to its quickly advancing to the President’s desk. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), who is our resident pharmacist on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairmen WALDEN and B URGESS for working so hard with our partners across the aisle as well as across the Capitol to come to a consensus on this critical legislation necessary to combat the opioid epidemic. As the only pharmacist currently serving in Congress, I have seen families saved by pain medications and have seen families torn apart by the same drugs. Since this body began tackling the opioid epidemic, I have said there are three major components to this crisis: prevention, law enforcement, and treatment. This legislation touches all three prongs of the opioid crisis with a number creative solutions in addition to providing offsets to ensure that solving a public health crisis does not lead to a fiscal one. This package is not a silver bullet, but as legislators we need to do everything in our capacity to prevent the addiction and overdoses that occur every day in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman WALDEN and B URGESS for working so hard with our partners across the aisle as well as across the Capitol to come to a consensus on this critical legislation necessary to combat the opioid epidemic. As the only pharmacist in Congress, I have seen families saved by pain medications and have seen families torn apart by the same drugs. Since this body began tackling the opioid epidemic, I have said there are three major parts to the crisis: prevention, law enforcement, and treatment. This legislation touches all three prongs of the opioid crisis with a number of creative solutions in addition to providing offsets to ensure that solving a public health crisis does not lead to a fiscal one. I voted for many of these bills when they came before Energy and Commerce for markup, and once again I want to offer my full support for this legislation. I am pleased that this package includes three of my own bills, the Special Registration for Telemedicine Clarification Act, the Abuse Deterrent Access Act, and the Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act. This package is not a silver bullet—but as legislators we need to do everything in our capacity to prevent the addiction and overdoses that occur every day in the United States. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, what a joy it is to be on the floor today. What a joy it is to be amongst a group of people who have set aside partisanship and have come together to address a crisis that is crushing our constituents. What a joy it is to be a part of the process and among a group of people who are trying to find common ground. This is a good day, Mr. Speaker. There is good work that is happening. I chair the Health Subcommittee, and it was incredible to see the work that that subcommittee did on the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to strongly endorse this bill, and I urge its passage. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), who has worked so hard for these issues. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to support this legislation. It is bipartisan. Minnesotans and those who are on the front lines of the opioid crisis will be helped, and it will aid the millions of American families who are affected by this epidemic. It includes a bipartisan measure that I authored that will help prevent opioid addiction among seniors by educating them on alternative pain management treatments, and the proper, safe disposal of prescription painkillers. It will help more than 90,000 atrisk seniors from descending into a deadly spiral of addiction. The end result will be less addiction, fewer overdoses, and safer Minnesota communities. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RENACCI ) to speak on the measure. Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation which includes my bipartisan bill, the Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act. The opioid epidemic has hit my home State of Ohio particularly hard, with thousands of Ohioans dying from drug overdoses every year. This bill will make it easier for Medicare Advantage Part D drug plans, and HHS to combat fraud, waste, and abuse and prevent the overprescribing of opioids to vulnerable seniors. I would like to thank members of this conference committee as well as their staff for including my bill in this package and for their hard work to pass legislation to address the opioid epidemic. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oregon has 81⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the distinguished gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP .) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6 which will make great strides toward ending the opioid crisis once and for all. I am pleased this package includes my bill, the STOP Act, which is targeted legislation to help stop synthetic opioids like fentanyl and carfentanil from entering our country through the international mail system. I want to make sure I thank all the parents, educators, law enforcement, emergency response personnel, healthcare professionals, victims, and those suffering from addiction who have been working with me to ensure this legislation gets signed into law. Your hard work has made a real difference. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my colleagues for their support, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the underlying bill, H.R. 6. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, few States have been harder hit than Kentucky in this effort on opioids, a terrible tragedy. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the families of the Commonwealth of Kentucky which suffers from the third highest opioid overdose mortality rate in the Nation, I rise today in support of H.R. 6, and I thank the chairman for his leadership on this. This legislation marks a critical investment to help individuals and families struggling with addiction rise above addiction and transition back into the workforce. Specifically, H.R. 6 includes my legislation, the CAREER Act, which creates a demonstration program to promote evidencebased transitional housing that pairs recovery support with life skills, workforce training, and job placement. I would like to thank the many nonprofits in my home State of Kentucky for inspiring this legislation. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ). There is a lot of enthusiasm for this legislation, Mr. Speaker. We want to hear from Mr. BARLETTA about his thoughts on it. He has been a real leader on it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6 which includes my bill, the Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act. The Appalachian region, including much of my home State of Pennsylvania, has an overdose death rate 65 percent higher than the rest of the country for people ages 15 to 64. My legislation will allow communities to use Appalachian Regional Commission funding for everything from attracting doctors to putting in broadband for telemedicine. It will spur economic growth in communities hit hardest by the opioid epidemic, while also helping those struggling with addiction by breaking down barriers to employment. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ) who is from the West Coast and is a real leader on our committee. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6 and the IMD exclusion repeal probation modeled after my bill, the IMD CARE Act. I fought to ensure the IMD exclusion repeal was part of this final agreement because increasing inpatient treatment options is essential in our fight against the opioid epidemic. The Orange County Board of Supervisors agrees with leading addiction treatment groups: the IMD exclusion repeal and the IMD CARE Act are the most important steps we can take to end drug overdose deaths in Orange County. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to address this public health crisis. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), who is also a real worker on this legislation, to speak on the measure. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. It includes my bill, named for Dr. Todd Graham, who was senselessly murdered last year over an opioid prescription. With this legislation, we build on Dr. Graham’s legacy of treating patients not only for their pain, but for their underlying causes. Today we are taking bipartisan action to expand access to nonopioid alternatives and give our communities better tools to prevent and treat addiction. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ). Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6 as did my colleagues. The opioid crisis has impacted nearly every community across this country, and in order to most effectively combat this crisis, we must establish a comprehensive response plan. I am pleased this bill includes a version of my amendment offered in committee to establish a system to track Federal funding for drug control efforts, ensuring the government knows exactly where the money is being spent, how it is being used, and if it is working. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I ask my colleagues to do so as well. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, we have heard from doctors, we heard from pharmacists, and we have heard from many family members. Now we will hear from somebody who has a distinguished career in law enforcement. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) to speak on this legislation. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, as a police officer and a street cop in L.A., I have seen the problems that the opioid epidemic has done to our communities. It has literally destroyed families and hurt our communities to no end. H.R. 6 is a muchneeded display of bipartisanship to address the ongoing opioid crisis and epidemic. Many of the issues that have come out of this bill spur development of national best practices for substance abuse recovery housing and incorporates my bill, the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act, to establish meaningful penalties for profiteering off other people’s pain and addiction through illicit referrals. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) to speak on the measure. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Chairman BRADY , Chairwoman FOXX, and Chairman W ALDEN  for addressing opioid and substance abuse disorders and their work on H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. I am grateful to my colleagues for treating the crisis with the urgency it deserves. In my district, this crisis has affected way too many. I am also grateful that my bill, H.R. 5889, the Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act of 2018 was included in the final package before us today. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe I have any other speakers on my side of the aisle pending, so with that, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I do urge support for this legislation. It is a good bill. It expands access in a number of ways in coverage. But I do also want to point out that there are limitations to the bill. In other words, we do need to do a lot more. b1130 For example, we still haven’t expanded Medicaid coverage in many States. Medicaid coverage is crucial, in terms of providing treatment. The bottom line is that the treatment infrastructure in our country is very much inadequate. Many people really do not have access to treatment in many parts of the country, including my home State. I want to close by urging everyone to support this bipartisan and bicameral bill, because it does do a lot. At the same time, I remind my colleagues that we have a lot more to do if we are going to address this opioid crisis, which actually is getting worse instead of better. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, before I close, I want to especially thank our staff on both sides of the aisle for their incredible work. They have worked day and night, literally, and all through the weekend— also, the folks at the Congressional Budget Office and Legislative Counsel. But I especially thank our team: Josh Trent, Kristen Shatynski, Caleb Graff, Dan Butler, James Paluskiewicz, Danielle Steele, Adam Buckalew, Melissa Froelich, Bijan Koohmaraie, Ryan Long, Peter Keilty, and Jenn Sherman, and the whole team at the Energy and Commerce Committee on both sides of the aisle. We worked through a lot of difficult issues, issues where we didn’t start on the same side, but we ended on the same page as we listened to each other, as we listened to our constituents at home. Seldom are there times when you are legislating that you can say what you are doing will actually save lives. This is one of those times. What we are doing here today is saving lives. We will lift people out of addiction who are trapped there today. We will prevent people from ending up in that emergency room because they overdosed. Maybe they will find a better path. We will go after those who perpetrated this on the country and after those who try to smuggle in the illicit synthetics and fentanyl that are cut with heroin and kill our people. So today’s effort is about people like Amanda, who left this world tragically 
at a very young age through an overdose. And it is about her parents. It is about Mike and Winnie. It is about Paula, and it is about her sons and sister. It is about a woman I met in Hermiston who had to travel 5 hours to find a physician who could oversee her treatment on Suboxone because nobody was available. We help fix that in this legislation. It is about my friends at Winding Waters in Enterprise, Oregon, who I was with last week, and the sheriff and others, who talked about the continuing problems and challenges they face and who have given me great guidance on these and other issues. From one end of my district to another, from one end of our country to another, we have all listened. We have heard. Frankly, we have cried as we have heard the stories of parents who help their children through addiction, only to drop them off at college and a matter of days later retrieve a body. That is what brings us together here today, Mr. Speaker. It is their stories that are woven deeply into this legislation. It is because of them that we will make a difference and we will do it right. We will know that, as we pass this today and the Senate after us, that more work does remain to be done. We are on a journey together, though, and we will find solutions. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I thank our staffs. I thank the American people who have reached out to us, counseled us, and helped us. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to strongly support passage of the SUPPORT Act. For patients and for communities, H.R. 6 needs to become law, and it will shortly. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, a bipartisan bill to address opioid addiction and other forms of substance abuse. A comprehensive, commonsense, and compassionate approach to substance use disorders is long overdue. For far too long, many communities throughout the United States have been devastated by substance use disorders. However, despite the widespread suffering that millions of people—particularly African Americans during the crack cocaine epidemic—endured and still endure today, our federal, state, and local governments, in many instances, have pursued punitive measures in lieu of effective solutions to ensure that all communities can adequately heal from the devastating impacts of addiction. I am especially pleased that this bill now includes my amendment to the House version of H.R. 6, which requires the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to conduct a review of the organizations, government agencies, and other entities that receive federal funding to provide substance use disorder treatment services. In addition, the amendment directs HHS to develop, and submit to Congress, a plan to direct appropriate resources to address the inadequacies in services or funding identified through the review. I am also pleased that this bill addresses concerns that I raised about the opioid legislation in the House that allowed states to use Medicaid funds to provide treatment to persons with opioid use disorders in Institutions for Mental Disease (IMDs), but did not allow similar treatment for persons with other types of substance use disorders. In order to seriously address substance use disorders in communities throughout the United States, it is critical that we include persons who suffer from all types of substance use disorders, including those that involve alcohol, cocaine, and methamphetamine, as well as opioids. I offered an amendment to the legislation in the House aimed at addressing my concern about the exclusion of nonopioid forms of substance use disorders from treatment in IMDs. While my amendment was not accepted, I am pleased that efforts were made to address my concern. The final version of H.R. 6 allows states to provide Medicaid coverage in IMDs for persons with all types of substance use disorders and also includes safeguards to ensure that states do not reduce the availability of communitybased treatment for persons suffering from substance use disorders. While I appreciate the work that has been done on many components of this bill, I still have some important concerns. As the Ranking Member of the House Committee on Financial Services, which has jurisdiction over housing programs, I am concerned that this bill falls short when it comes to providing housing for people with substance use disorders. The bill includes a provision that creates a new grant program to provide temporary housing assistance to help people with substance use disorders, but this new funding will only be available in half of the states. This will leave the other half of the states continuing to struggle with the challenges of helping people with substance use disorders who are in need of housing. Furthermore, this bill does nothing to address the overly punitive and unfair policies governing our federal housing programs that create unnecessary barriers to housing for people who have criminal backgrounds related to substance use disorders. I am encouraged that there is bipartisan support for addressing the housing needs of persons suffering from substance use disorders, but I am disheartened that Congress continues to fall short in its efforts to provide comprehensive solutions that will help people suffering from substance use disorders in every state of the country. As we work to address the opioid crisis at hand, let’s not forget that Congress still has a lot of work to do in the way of criminal justice reform to address the ongoing harmful and discriminatory impacts of the war on drugs era. Despite these concerns, I believe this bill includes some valuable bipartisan solutions that represent a step in the right direction. I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 6, and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to address the scourge of substance use disorders in communities throughout the United States. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letters in the RECORD . CORPORATE HEALTH CARECOALITION , September 26, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. CHARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN, LEADER MCCONNELL , LEADER PELOSI AND LEADER SCHUMER : The Corporate Health Care Coalition (CHCC) is writing to commend both the House of Representatives and the Senate on finalizing the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act (H.R. 6), bipartisan legislation to address the nation’s opioid crisis. CHCC is comprised of companies from varying industries that compete in the global marketplace and sponsor health plans for the benefit of our employees and other beneficiaries. Collectively, CHCC member companies provide health benefits for nearly 5 million Americans across every state in the nation. The depth and devastation associated with the opioid crisis is being felt by families and communities nationwide. CHCC therefore applauds lawmakers for working on a bipartisan basis to reach consensus on H.R. 6, which represents a critical step forward in providing necessary resources for treatment and prevention efforts related to opioids. We urge the House and Senate to pass this important legislation. Sincerely, CORPORATE HEALTH CARECOALITION . 
[From the First Focus Campaign for Children, Sept. 27, 2018] STATEMENT : F IRST FOCUS CAMPAIGN FOR  CHILDREN APPLAUDS BIPARTISAN , B ICAMERAL AGREEMENT ON OPIOID LEGISLA TION (By Simona Combi) WASHINGTON , D.C., S EPT. 27, 2018.—First Focus Campaign for Children is delighted to see bipartisan agreement on tackling the opioid addiction epidemic and helping those affected by it. In June, the House passed H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act by a vote of 39614. On September 17th, the Senate passed the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018 by a vote of 99–1. ‘‘It is crucial that families and foster youth affected by this devastating crisis get the help they need to overcome opioid addiction and put their lives back on track,’’ said Bruce Lesley, First Focus president. ‘‘We are particularly heartened that this bipartisan bill offers substantive help and hope both sides of the aisle will make children a priority going forward.’’ The opioid crisis affects foster children and youth in two ways: First, children enter the child welfare and foster system often as a result of substance abuse by their parents, and secondly, foster youth who age out of care are at an increased risk of substance use disorders. We therefore commend Congress for including numerous provisions in the bipartisan, bicameral opioid package that will improve the lives of foster children and youth impacted by the opioid crisis, including: Continuous Health Insurance for former foster youth: This provision, which corrects a glitch in existing law, allows foster youth who have aged out of care to remain on Medicaid through age 26, regardless of whether they relocate to other states. This provision recognizes the critical importance of health coverage for former foster youth as they transition into adulthood. Earlier this 
month, First Focus, the State Policy and Advocacy Reform Center, and FosterClub held a congressional briefing on the importance of Medicaid to foster children and youth. FamilyFocused Residential Treatment: This provision promotes familybased residential treatment for substance use disorders by requiring the HHS Secretary to issue guidance to states on how they can support such treatment facilities. Recovery and Reunifying Families: This provision promotes the replication of effective recovery coach programs to improve outcomes for children and families in the child welfare system who are impacted by substance use disorders. FamilyFocused Residential Treatment: This provision creates a grant program to promote familybased residential treatment programs, which are critical to helping parents and families get the treatment they need to overcome addiction. Plans of Safe Care: This provision provides grants to states to improve and coordinate their response to ensure the safety, permanency, and wellbeing of infants affected by substance use. TraumaInformed Care: This provision gives the Center for Disease Control (CDC) authority to work with states to collect and report data on adverse childhood experiences. It also directs the CDC to form a task force to promote best practices in treating children impacted by trauma and to recommend best practices to federal agencies regarding its coordination and response to substance use disorders and other forms of trauma that affect children and families. AtRisk Youth Medicaid Protection: This legislation would ensure that incarcerated youth are simply suspended, rather than terminated, from Medicaid while they are incarcerated. It would require states to automatically restore full eligibility to youth upon release from incarceration, and to take any steps necessary to make sure that youth begin receiving medical assistance benefits immediately. The Fiscal Year 2019 annual spending bill for the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies (H.R. 6157) includes $3.8 billion for combatting the opioid crisis, and the bill should be signed into law soon. Adequate federal funding for these new programs benefitting our foster children is critical. Looking ahead to Fiscal Year 2020, though, these gains for our children could be jeopardized if Congress fails to lift the budget cap for non defense discretionary spending established by the 2011 Budget Control Act. If budget caps are allowed, this type of spending will go down by $55 billion. Congress must prioritize children in our federal budget decisions. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letters in the RECORD . 
AMERICAN BENEFITS COUNCIL , Washington, DC, September 27, 2018. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. CHUCK SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR LEADER MCCONNELL , LEADER SCHUMER, SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The American Benefits Council (the Council) supports the Substance UseDisorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment (SUPPORT) for Patients and Communities Act (H.R. 6). We urge Congress to approve this measure as an important step toward addressing the nation’s opioid addiction crisis. The Council is a public policy organization representing principally Fortune 500 companies and other organizations that assist employers of all sizes in providing employee benefits. Collectively, the Council’s members sponsor directly or provide services to retirement and health plans covering over 100 million Americans. The opioid epidemic has touched workers and families across the country and employers have been on the front lines of this battle, striving to stem the tide of prescription drug abuse through innovative plan design and outreach. A Kaiser Family Foundation analysis found that the use of prescription opioids among people with employerbased health coverage declined in 2016 to its lowest levels in over a decade. Nevertheless, the annual cost of treating addiction and overdoses has increased more than eightfold since 2004, from $0.3 billion dollars to $2.6 billion in 2016, and painrelated conditions have resulted in up to $635 billion in medical costs and lost productivity for employers. H.R. 6 makes a number of important improvements to current law by reducing the use and supply of opioids, encouraging recovery, supporting caregivers and families and driving innovation and longterm solutions to the opioid addiction epidemic. The bill also imposes tighter control on opioid prescription and treatment under the Medicare and Medicaid programs while also clarifying FDA regulation of nonaddictive pain and addiction therapies and allowing for more flexibility with respect to medicationassisted treatment. We are particularly pleased that the conference committee wisely excluded from the bill a harmful, unrelated provision that would have revised the Medicare secondary payer rules to require private insurers—including employer plans—to pay for an additional three months of care for endstage renal disease (ESRD) patients before Medicare assumes responsibility for the payments. The Council strongly opposed this provision, as employers already shoulder significant costs for workers and family members and should not be required to bear unrelated additional costs by expanding the length of time plans must cover ESRD. We applaud Congress for developing legislation that will make America healthier, including many of the 181 million people covered by employerprovided health plans. Sincerely, JAMES A. K LEIN, President. 
[From the National Association for Behavioral Healthcare] NABH APPLAUDS CONGRESS FOR REACHING  AGREEMENT ON OPIOID RESPONSE PACKAGE  WASHINGTON , D.C., S EPT. 26, 2018.—On behalf of more than 1,000 mental health hospitals and addiction treatment centers, the National Association for Behavioral Healthcare thanks Congress for reaching an agreement to address America’s deadly opioid crisis. The final package includes many NABH supported measures and contains the first substantive change to the Medicaid program’s burdensome Institutions for Mental Diseases (IMD) exclusion since the early 1970s. ‘‘NABH thanks House Energy and Commerce Chairman Greg Walden (R–Ore.) for his strong leadership in the House, which helped ensure that his colleagues paid close attention to the IMD exclusion, an antiquated regulation that has denied access to inpatient treatment for those who need it,’’ NABH President and CEO Mark Covall said in a statement. ‘‘We also thank Reps. Mimi Walters (R–Calif.) and Paul Tonko (D–N.Y.) and Sens. Rob Portman (R–Ohio) and Ben Cardin (D–Md.) for their tireless efforts to understand the IMD exclusion—and do all they can to repeal this provision and remove access barriers to behavioral healthcare services for millions of Americans.’’ NABH is also pleased with several other provisions in the final package and urges lawmakers to pass this legislation as soon as possible. Lives depend on it. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS , September 27, 2018. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. CHUCK SCHUMER  Senate Minority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSENATORS MCCONNELL AND SCHUMER  
ANDREPRESENTATIVES RYAN AND PELOSI : The National Association of Community Health Centers (NACHC) appreciates Congress’ ongoing efforts and dedication to addressing the opioid crisis, and is pleased to offer our support for H.R. 6, SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, and urge all House and Senate members to pass this important legislation. NACHC is the national membership organization for federally qualified health centers (also known as FQHCs or ‘‘health centers’’). Health centers play a critical role in the health care system, serving as the health home for over 28 million people, the majority of whom live under the Federal Poverty Level. With over 11,000 sites nationwide, FQHCs provide affordable, high quality comprehensive primary care to medically underserved individuals, regardless of their insurance status or ability to pay. Substance use disorder (SUD), including opioid use disorder (OUD), is a top public health concern in the United States, and health centers have firsthand knowledge of the consequences. As opioid use disorder has become more prevalent, health centers are on the frontlines working to address the comprehensive needs of people at risk of developing SUD, as well as assisting those who are in need of treatment for existing SUD/ OUD. From 2010 to 2017, health centers experienced a fivefold increase in patients receiving treatment for opioids or other substance abuse disorders. Since 2010, health centers have more than doubled their behavioral health workforce because of the increased demand for services, with 3,000 health center providers now authorized to provide MedicationAssisted Treatment (MAT.) In fact, in 2017, nearly 65,000 health center patients received MAT from health center providers. Health centers stand ready to serve their patients who are struggling with substance use disorder but there is a clear need for additional support and policy changes to enable them to do so more effectively. We appreciate Congress’ consideration of a multitude of critical policy issues in its response to the opioid epidemic, including several provisions included in H.R. 6 to: bolster the SUD workforce, including through new loan repayment opportunities for SUD providers 
create comprehensive opioid recovery centers (CORCs) Improve access to telehealth services Streamline Medicaid coverage for incarcerated youth and former foster youth Ensure mental health parity for pregnant women and children within the CHIP program Codify MAT prescribing regulations allowing Nurse Practitioners and Physician Assistants to prescribe buprenorphine as well as increased flexibility for patient caps, and allowing additional advanced practice nurses to prescribe for a period of 5 years We particularly want to highlight our strong support for Section 6083 of the bill, which authorizes $8 million to support expanded access to MAT at FQHCs and rural health clinics under the Medicare program. We believe this provision will be of great assistance to health centers who are initiating and expanding opioid use disorder treatment programs in underserved areas across the country. Thank you again for all your hard work to bring this bill to fruition. We know there is more work we can do together to turn the tide on this public health crisis and look forward to continuing to work with you to address the needs of communities across the country. Sincerely, TOMVANCOVERDEN , President and CEO of NACHC. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letters in the RECORD . 
SEPTEMBER 26, 2018. TOTHEMEMBERS OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  REPRESENTATIVES : The U.S. Chamber of Commerce strongly supports the bipartisan H.R. 6, the ‘‘Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018.’’ The Chamber will consider including votes related to this bill in our annual How They Voted scorecard. The opioid epidemic is ravaging families and destroying the lives of thousands each year, and it is crippling communities’ and employers’ efforts to staff workforce needs, create new jobs, and expand commerce. We applaud Congress for crafting comprehensive legislation to tackle the myriad of causes, such as the flood of illicit drugs into the United States, while removing a litany of barriers that inhibit prevention, recovery, and treatment options. The Chamber is pleased that H.R. 6 does not include the end stage renal disease (ESRD) provision included in an earlier version of the bill. That policy would have burdened employers already struggling to provide robust health benefits with hundreds of millions of dollars in additional health care costs. While H.R. 6 is important, more remains to be done. The Chamber urges Congress to address the 42 CFR Part 2 statute as hundreds of health care organizations have called for. Congress should align currently conflicting protections and allow providers access to a patient’s entire medical record, including substance use disorder information, at a patient’s request. We urge you to support H.R. 6. Sincerely, SUZANNE P. C LARK , Senior Executive Vice President, U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
ADVOCATES FOR OPIOID RECOVERY (EMAIL) Medicare beneficiaries have the highest and fastest growing rate of opioid use disorder (OUD), with more than 300,000 Medicare beneficiaries having been diagnosed with OUD. However, Medicare does not cover the most cost effective, evidencebased treatment modality—opioid treatment programs (OTPs). OTPs are highlyregulated, highlyeffective, comprehensive treatment programs that provide MedicationAssisted Treatment (MAT)—the combination of medication with behavioral therapy and support, and the most effective solution to treat OUD. There are roughly 1,500 OTPs across the United States providing treatment to approximately 400,000 patients. These programs are certified by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). Studies have shown that people who receive MAT are 75 percent less likely to have an addictionrelated death than those who do not receive MAT. Most patients in OTPs are currently treated with methadone, which can only be used for treatment of addiction through a licensed OTP. America’s seniors and people with disabilities deserve better. As your constituent, I encourage you to vote for H.R. 6, which would permanently expand Medicare coverage of OTPs. For more information about why congressional action is necessary, visit Advocates for Opioid Recovery’s website at opioidrecovery org. CATHOLIC HEALTH ASSOCIATION  
OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, September 26, 2018. U.S. HOUSE , Washington, DC. U.S. SENATE , Washington, DC. On behalf of the Catholic Health Association of the United States (CHA), the national leadership organization of more than 2,000 Catholic health care systems, hospitals, longterm care facilities, sponsors, and related organizations, I commend the members of the House and Senate for approving their versions of legislation to address the nation’s opioid crisis and to urge your support for the final bill, the Support for Patients and Communities Act (HR 6). Catholic health providers recognize that each human life is sacred and possesses inalienable worth, and that health care is essential to promoting and protecting the inherent dignity of every individual. We also recognize that supportive and readily available substance use disorder (SUD) treatments are essential facets of holistic, person centered and effective health care. The first principle in our Vision for U.S. Health Care affirms our call to pay special attention to those most likely to lack access to health care, many of whom are in desperate need of SUD services. This commitment is why the Catholic health ministry strongly supports efforts to increase access to these services and ensure that they become fully integrated into our health care system. CHA has supported many of the provisions included in HR 6, particularly those that would increase access to care under Medicaid and care for such vulnerable populations as children and pregnant women, as well as provisions to increase the use of telehealth services. We are particularly pleased that the final version of this legislation includes the IMD Care Act, to provide state Medicaid programs with the option to cover care during FY2019–23 in certain Institutions for Mental Diseases (IMD) that may be otherwise non federallyreimbursable under the IMD exclusion. We are also pleased that the bill includes measures to ensure access to mental health and substance use disorder services for children and pregnant women under the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). However, we are disappointed that legislation introduced in the Senate (S. 1850, the Protecting Jessica Grubb’s Legacy Act) and overwhelmingly approved in the House (HR 6082) to align current regulations for SUD treatment records with existing patient protections under HIPAA for treatment, payment and health care operations was not included in HR 6. For health providers, the alignment of SUD records with other medical records is essential to providing whole person care. It enables the essential flow of patient information among providers that is critical to the timely and effective delivery of health care and critical to patient safety and quality. Given the broad and bipartisan support for HR 6082, we continue to urge the Senate to approve this bill as well before the end of the 115th Congress. Thank you again for your attention to the urgent matter of opioid and other substance use disorders. We know that you share the goal of our Catholic health ministry in providing the best possible care and treatment for those who need it, and we hope approval of the Support for Patients and Communities Act will provide effective additional resources for doing so. Sincerely, SR. CAROL KEEHAN , DC, President and CEO. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I include the following letters in the RECORD . 
[From the American Society of Addiction Medicine] ROCKVILLE , MD, S EPTEMBER 26, 2018. AMERICAN SOCIETY OF ADDICTION MEDICINE  APPLAUDS INCLUSION OF KEYPROVISIONS IN  HISTORIC OPIOID LEGISLATIVE PACKAGE  
MEDICINE EXPERTS SAY  The American Society of Addiction Medicine (ASAM) today applauds US House and Senate leaders for announcing a bipartisan agreement on an opioid legislative package that includes key provisions to bolster the country’s addiction treatment workforce, help provide standardized evidencebased treatment for individuals with a substance use disorder (SUD), and help ensure coverage and payment models facilitate comprehensive, coordinated care for patients seeking treatment for a SUD. ‘‘On behalf of America’s addiction medicine physicians and other clinicians on the frontlines of this crisis, ASAM applauds our Congressional leaders for working together to include key provisions that will help close the current treatment gap, bolster the addiction medicine workforce, and save more lives,’’ said Kelly J. Clark, MD, MBA, DFASAM, president of ASAM. ‘‘Reversing course on the deadly opioid overdose crisis requires bold policy solutions that help teach, standardize, and cover addiction medicine so more patients benefit from evidence based treatment. The agreement reached last night is an important step toward realizing this critical goal.’’ Key provisions in the legislative package to teach, standardize, and cover evidence based addiction medicine include: Making permanent buprenorphine prescribing authority for physician assistants and nurse practitioners and allowing waivered practitioners to treat immediately up to 100 patients at a time (in lieu of 30) if the practitioner is board certified in addiction medicine or addiction psychiatry; or if the practitioner provides medication assisted treatment (MAT) in a qualified practice setting. Certain qualified physicians would also be allowed to treat up to 275 patients at a time with buprenorphine, codifying an existing rule; Allowing physicians who have recently graduated in good standing from an accredited school of allopathic or osteopathic medicine, and who meet the other training requirements during school to prescribe MAT, to obtain a waiver to prescribe MAT; 
Providing loan repayment relief to addiction treatment professionals who practice in highneed areas; Creating a Medicare demonstration program to increase access to evidencebased outpatient treatment for beneficiaries with opioid use disorder that includes medication as well as psychosocial supports, care management, and treatment planning; Partially repealing the Institutions for Mental Diseases (IMD) exclusion and allowing state Medicaid programs to cover care in certain IMDs that can deliver services consistent with certain requirements, including evidencebased assessments and levels of care; Directing the Departments of Justice and Health and Human Services to finalize special registration regulations concerning the prescribing of medications for addiction via telemedicine within one year of enactment; Expanding Medicare coverage to include payment for Opioid Treatment Programs through bundled payments for wholistic services; Convening a stakeholder group to produce a report of best practices for states to consider in health care related transitions for inmates of public correctional facilities; and Requiring the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) to provide information to SAMHSA grantees to encourage the implementation and replication of evidencebased practices. ‘‘Substance use disorder is both treatable and preventable—but from where we stand today, delivering highquality care to the millions of Americans who live with the disease of addiction will require significant investments in our workforce, coverage, and payment models that facilitate coordinated and comprehensive care, and structural changes that incentivize the use of evidence based approaches,’’ said Clark. ‘‘And while we celebrate this bipartisan announcement today, ASAM knows there is still much more work to be done to ensure all Americans living with a substance use disorder get the treatment they need. ASAM will continue to advocate for building an addiction treatment system that fully integrates mental health, substance use disorder, and primary care services in order to produce the best patient outcomes. This includes supporting final passage of legislation that would more closely align 42 CFR Part 2 with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act.’’ For more information about the American Society of Addiction Medicine, please visit www.ASAM.org. 
SEPTEMBER 27, 2018. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. CHUCK SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington. DC. DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M INORITY LEADER SCHUMER , SPEAKER RYAN AND  MINORITY LEADER PELOSI : We the undersigned, representing the major groups across all disciplines working on a comprehensive response to address addiction, write in support of the final conference agreement of the Substance UseDisorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment (SUPPORT) for Patients and Communities Act (H.R. 6) and urge for quick passage of this package. As you know, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently reported that more than 72,000 Americans died of a drug overdose in 2017, a staggering increase from 63,600 in 2016. With nearly 200 Americans dying each day as a result of drug overdose, the opioid crisis is an urgent and serious public health and safety issue that needs to be addressed through a comprehensive response. We are grateful to Congress for addressing this urgent need to improve policies and resources to curtail opioid misuse and to help the millions impacted by addiction nationwide. We thank Members on both sides of the aisle and the 13 congressional committees for their work to construct this thoughtful, evidencebased legislation. We strongly support the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act and its multifaceted, nuanced approach to addressing the opioid crisis and all substance use disorders. Key provisions include: HEALTHCARE INTEGRATION  Treatment, Education, and Community Help To Combat Addiction (Section 7101)— Expands medical education and training resources for healthcare providers to better address addiction, pain, and the opioid crisis; Preventing Overdoses While in Emergency Rooms (Section 7081)—Improves emergency departments ability to effectively screen, treat, and connect substance use disorder patients with care; Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department (Section 7091)—Explores alternative pain management protocols in order to limit the use of opioid medications in emergency departments; Inclusion of opioid addiction history in patient records (Section 7051)—Requires HHS to develop best practices for prominently displaying substance use disorder treatment information in electronic health records, when requested by the patient. 
TREATMENT CAPACITY EXPANSION  IMD CARE Act (Section 5052)—Expands Medicaid coverage up to 30 days for individuals between 21 and 65 years old receiving care in a treatment facility for all substance use disorders, lifting the 16 bed restriction; Expansion of Telehealth Services (Section 1009, 2001, 3232)—Expands access to substance use disorder treatment and other services through the use of telehealth; Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers (Section 7121)—Establishes model comprehensive treatment and recovery centers to ensure individuals have access to quality treatment and recovery services; Supporting familyfocused residential treatment (Section 8081, 8083)—Enhanced familyfocused residential treatment; $20 million in funding for HHS to award to states to develop, enhance, or evaluate familyfocused treatment programs to increase the number of evidencebased programs. 
TREATMENT WORKFORCE EXPANSION  Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment (Section 7071)—Enhances the substance use disorder treatment workforce by creating a student loan repayment program for healthcare professionals; Addressing economic and workforce impacts of the opioid crisis (Section 8041)— Awards grants to states to support substance use disorder and mental health treatment workforce shortages. 
MEDICATION ASSISTED TREATMENT  More Flexibility for Prescribing Medication Assisted Treatment (Section 3201, 3202)—Increases the number of waivered health care providers that can prescribe or dispense treatment for substance use disorders, such as certified nurses and accredited physicians; Grants to enhance access to substance use disorder treatment (Section 3203)—Authorizes grants to support the development of curriculum that will help health care practitioners obtain a waiver to prescribe MAT; Delivery of a Controlled Substance by a Pharmacy to be Administered by Injection or Implantation (Section 3204)—Allows pharmacies to deliver implantable or injectable medications to treat substance use disorders directly to health care providers. Expanding Access to Medication in InPatient Facilities (Section 5052)—Expanded Medicaid coverage up to 30 days for inpatient facilities applies to providers who provide a minimum of two types of medicines to treat opioid use disorder. ENDING ILLEGAL PATIENT BROKERING  Criminal penalties (Section 8122)—This provision makes it illegal to pay or receive kickbacks in return for referring a patient to recovery homes or clinical treatment facilities. 
RECOVERY SUPPORTS  CAREER Act (Section 7183)—Improves resources and wraparound support services for individuals in recovery from a substance use disorder who are transitioning from treatment programs to independent living and the workforce; Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living (Section 7031)—Develops and disseminates best practices for operating recovery housing to ensure individuals are living in a safe and supportive environment; Building Communities of Recovery (Section 7151, 7152)—Awards grants to recovery community organizations to provide regional training and technical assistance in order to expand peer recovery support services nationwide; Improving recovery and reunifying families (Section 8082)—Provides $15 million to HHS to replicate a ‘‘recovery coach’’ program for parents with children in foster care due to parental substance use. 
PREVENTION  DrugFree Communities Reauthorization (Section 8203)—Reauthorizes the DrugFree Communities Program to mobilize communities to prevent youth substance use and extends the National Community AntiDrug Coalition Institute. 
HELPING MOMS AND BABIES  Sobriety Treatment and Recovery Teams (START; Section 8214)—Establishes and expands the implementation of the START program, which pairs social workers and family mentors with a small number of families, providing peer support, intensive treatment and child welfare services; Caring Recovery for Infants and Babies (Section 1007)—Expands Medicaid coverage for infants with neonatal abstinence syndrome who are receiving care in residential pediatric recovery centers; Health Insurance for Former Foster Youth (Section 1002)—Allows former foster youth to keep their Medicaid coverage across state lines until age 26; Modifies IMD Exclusion for Pregnant and Postpartum Women (Section 1012)—Allows for pregnant and postpartum women who are receiving care for substance use disorder in a treatment facility to receive other Medicaid covered care, such as prenatal services; Report on addressing maternal and infant health in the opioid crisis (Section 7061)— Studies best practices of pain management, prevention, identification, and reduction of opioid and other substance use disorders during pregnancy; Early interventions for pregnant women and infants (Section 7063)—Develops and disseminates educational materials for clinicians to use with pregnant women for shared decisionmaking regarding pain management during pregnancy; Prenatal and postnatal health (Section 7064)—Authorizes data collection and analysis of neonatal abstinence syndrome and 
other outcomes related to prenatal substance abuse and misuse, including prenatal opioid abuse and misuse; Plans of safe care (Section 7065)—Supports states in collaboration and improving plans of safe care for substanceexposed infants. 
HELPING PATIENTS AND FAMILIES IN CRISIS  Communication with families during emergencies (Section 7052)—Reminds healthcare providers annually that they are allowed under current federal privacy laws to notify families, caregivers, and health care providers of overdose emergencies involving a loved one; Families and Patients in Crisis (Section 8212)—Grants to expand services for patient and families impacted by substance use disorder and in crisis. 
LAW ENFORCEMENT  Reauthorization of Key Law Enforcement Programs (Section 8205–8212)—Reauthorizes law enforcement programs through the Office of National Drug Control Policy, such as programs such as the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area programs, drug courts, COPS AntiMeth Program, and COPS anti heroin task force program; First Responder Training (Section 7002)— Expands first responder training, authorized through the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, to include training on safety around fentanyl and other synthetic and dangerous substances; Public Health Laboratories Detecting Fentanyl and Other Synthetic Opioids (Section 7011)—Improves coordination between public health laboratories and laboratories operated by law enforcement to improve detection of fentanyl and other synthetic opioids; Synthetics Trafficking and Overdose Prevention (Section 8006, 8007)—Improves Federal agencies ability to detect synthetic opioids and other substances from entering the United States through the mail; Opioid Addiction Recovery Fraud Prevention (Sections 8021–8023)—Subjects those who engage in unfair or deceptive acts with respect to substance use disorder treatment services or substance use disorder treatment products to civil penalties for first time violations by the FTC; includes a savings clause for existing FTC and FDA authorities; Reauthorization of the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program (Section 8092)— Reauthorize the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program at the Department of Justice. 
DISPOSAL  Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse (Section 3212)—Develops and disseminates training resources to help pharmacists better detect fraudulent attempts to fill prescription medications; Safe Disposal of Unused Medication (Section 3222)—Allows hospice workers to dispose of unused medications on site or in patients homes; Access to Increased Drug Disposal (Section 3251–3260)—Awards grants to states to enhances access of prescription drug disposal programs; Safetyenhancing Packaging and Disposal Features (Section 3032)—Requires certain opioids to be packaged into 3 or 7 day supplies and requires safe prescription drug disposal options to be given to patients upon receiving medications. 
PRISONER REENTRY  Promoting State innovations to ease transitions integration to the community for certain individuals (Section 5032)—Requires the HHS Secretary to convene a stakeholder group to produce a report of best practices for states to consider in health care related transitions for inmates of public institutions. We commend Congress for its leadership and the bipartisan, bicameral work it has undertaken to address the ever worsening opioid crisis. We are pleased that this package contains a truly comprehensive approach to addressing the opioid crisis, across the entire continuum of care prevention, treatment and recovery support. In addition, it fully recognizes addiction as the medical condition that it is and contains meaningful programs aimed at helping patients and families struggling with this disease. For all of these reasons, we urge the quick passage of the final agreement of the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act (H.R. 6). Sincerely, 1. A New PATH, San Diego, California 2. Addiction Policy Forum 3. AIDS United 4. Alabama, Addiction Policy Forum 5. Alaska, Addiction Policy Forum 6. American Correctional Association 7. Arizona, Addiction Policy Forum 8. Association of Prosecuting Attorneys 9. Beyond Addiction Ministry, WI 10. Brave Health 11. CADA of Northwest Louisiana 12. California Consortium of Addiction Programs & Professionals (CCAPP) 13. California, Addiction Policy Forum 14. Campaign for Youth Justice 15. Caron Treatment Centers 16. CFC Loud N Clear Foundation, Farmingdale, New Jersey 17. Chicago Recovering Communities Coalition, Chicago, Illinois 18. Colorado, Addiction Policy Forum 19. Community Anti Drug Coalitions of America (CADCA) 20. Connecticut Certification Board 21. Connecticut Community for Addiction Recovery (CCAR), Hartford, Connecticut 22. Connecticut, Addiction Policy Forum 23. COPES 24. DarJune Recovery Support Services & Cafe´, Green Bay, Wisconsin 25. Delaware, Addiction Policy Forum 26. Delphi Behavioral Health Group 27. DisposeRx 28. El Paso Alliance, El Paso, Texas 29. Faces & Voices of Recovery 30. FAVOR Low Country, Charleston, South Carolina 31. FAVOR TriCounty, Rock Hill, South Carolina 32. FedCURE 33. Fellowship Foundation Recovery Community Organization, Margate. Florida 34. Floridians for Recovery, West Palm Beach, Florida 35. Foundation for Recovery, Las Vegas, Nevada 36. Friends of Emmett 37. H.O.P.E.S. Forever 38. Healthcare Leadership Council 39. IC & RC 40. Idaho, Addiction Policy Forum 41. Illinois Association of Behavioral Health 42. Illinois, Addiction Policy Forum 43. Indiana, Addiction Policy Forum 44. Institute for Behavior and Health (IBH) 45. Iowa, Addiction Policy Forum 46. Jackson Area Recovery Community, Jackson, Michigan 47. Kansas, Addiction Policy Forum 48. Kentucky, Addiction Policy Forum 49. Kingston NH Lions Foundation 50. Lifehouse Recovery Connection, San Diego, California 51. Maine Alliance for Addiction Recovery, Augusta, Maine 52. Maine, Addiction Policy Forum 53. Maryland House Detox 54. Maryland, Addiction Policy Forum 55. Massachusetts, Addiction Policy Forum 56. Michigan, Addiction Policy Forum 57. Minnesota Recovery Connection, Minneapolis, Minnesota 58. Minnesota, Addiction Policy Forum 59. Missouri Recovery Network, Jefferson City, Missouri 60. Missouri, Addiction Policy Forum 61. Montana, Addiction Policy Forum 62. National Association of Social Workers (NASW) 63. National Prevention Science Coalition 64. National Safety Council 65. Navigate Recovery Gwinnett, Gwinnett County, Georgia 66. Navigating Recovery of the Lakes Region, Laconia, New Hampshire 67. Nevada, Addiction Policy Forum 68. New Hampshire, Addiction Policy Forum 69. New Jersey, Addiction Policy Forum 70. New Mexico, Addiction Policy Forum 71. New York, Addiction Policy Forum 72. North Carolina, Addiction Policy Forum 73. North Dakota, Addiction Policy Forum 74. Ohio Citizen Advocates for Addiction Recovery, Columbus, Ohio 75. Ohio, Addiction Policy Forum 76. Oklahoma, Addiction Policy Forum 77. Oregon, Addiction Policy Forum 78. PEER Wellness Center 79. PEER360 Recovery Alliance, Bay City, Michigan 80. Pennsylvania Recovery Organization, Achieving Community Together (PROACT), Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 81. Pennsylvania, Addiction Policy Forum 82. People Advocating Recovery, Louisville, Kentucky 83. Phoenix House Recovery Residences 84. PLR Athens, Athens, Georgia 85. Reality Check, Jaffrey, New Hampshire 86. Recover Wyoming, Cheyenne, Wyoming 87. Recovery Communities of North Carolina, Raleigh, North Carolina 88. Recovery Community Connection, Williamsport, Pennsylvania 89. Recovery Community of Durham, Durham, North Carolina 90. Recovery Data Solutions 91. Rhode Island, Addiction Policy Forum 92. ROCovery Fitness, Rochester, New York 93. Shatterproof 94. Smart Approaches to Marijuana Action (SAM Action) 95. SMART Recovery, Nationwide 96. Sobriety Matters 97. Solutions Recovery, Oshkosh, Wisconsin 98. South Dakota, Addiction Policy Forum 99. SpiritWorks Foundation, Williamsburg, Virginia 100. Springs Recovery Connection, Colorado Springs, Colorado 101. Strengthening the MidAtlantic Region for Tomorrow (SMART) 102. Tennessee, Addiction Policy Forum 103. Texas, Addiction Policy Forum 104. The DOOR—DeKalb Open Opportunity for Recovery, Decatur, Georgia 105. The McShin Foundation, Richmond, Virginia 106. The Moyer Foundation 107. The Phoenix, Nationwide 108. The RASE Project, Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 109. The Solano Project, Fairfield, California 110. Treatment Communities of America 111. Trilogy Recovery Community, Walla Walla, Washington 112. Trust for America’s Health 113. Utah, Addiction Policy Forum 114. Vermont, Addiction Policy Forum 115. Virginia, Addiction Policy Forum 116. Voices of Hope Lexington, Lexington, Kentucky 117. Voices of Recovery San Mateo County, San Mateo, California 118. WAIIAM, Inc. and RISE Recovery Community, Lansing, Michigan 
119. Washington, Addiction Policy Forum 120. Washtenaw Recovery Advocacy Project (WRAP), Ann Arbor, Michigan 121. West Virginia, Addiction Policy Forum 122. Wisconsin Voices for Recovery, Madison, Wisconsin 123. Wisconsin, Addiction Policy Forum 124. Wyoming, Addiction Policy Forum 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 1099. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 4254. An act to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1768. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes. S. 3170. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes. S. 3354. An act to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 413. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Pursuant to House Resolution 1084, the yeas and nays are ordered. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 220, nays 191, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin NOT VOTING—18 
Barton Blackburn Ellison Eshoo Gabbard Gutie´rrez Harper Hunter Jones Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Moulton Nolan Olson Rokita Rush Walz Williams 
b1206 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. MCCARTHY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of making a scheduling announcement. Members are advised that votes are no longer expected in the House during the weeks of October 1 and October 8, 2018. Now, I would also like to make another announcement. I would also like to note that today is the 1year anniversary of our friend, the Majority Whip STEVE SCALISE , returning to Congress after the attempt on his life. I will not forget the day of that shooting. Many of you may know— STEVE did not know at that moment— but KEVIN BRADY , Patrick, and I were sitting with the doctor waiting for Jennifer to arrive. We celebrate him coming back, but we didn’t know that he was even going to make it. STEVE and I have been friends for more than 20 years, long before we ever entered this floor. STEVE had always had the strength and the courage, and he is an example for a public servant and for all of us to impart. I am just so glad that Steve is back with us. Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCCARTHY. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I will ask the majority leader a question, just to make sure we all understand the schedule. But before I do that, I want to join the majority leader in saying how pleased we are that STEVE SCALISE not only came back, but is making such a positive contribution to the Congress of the United States. I say to STEVE that, when he came back, he gave one of those talks that I will always remember: his gratitude for the care of so many people around the world for a Member of our body. I thank him for his friendship and working together. Hopefully we will continue to do so, hopefully in a very constructive way for the American people. Welcome back, and God bless him, and we wish him a full, full recovery. We don’t want him to be too strong on this side, but we want him strong. And with that, we were talking on this side, and it appeared that the majority leader said we weren’t going to be here next week. Mr. MCCARTHY. Or the week after. Mr. HOYER. Or the week after. Is there a possibility, from that, that we may be here during the month of October? Mr. MCCARTHY. No. I thank the gentleman for his question. November 13, if I am correct, is the first time we will come back, and hopefully we will come back in the same order we leave. Mr. HOYER. Thank you. We look forward to being back on November 13. I thank the majority leader. 
SUBSTANCE USEDISORDER PREVENTION THAT PROMOTES OPIOID RECOVERY AND TREATMENT FOR PATIENTS AND COMMUNITIES ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 1099) providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 6, with an amendment, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 393, nays 8, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barton Blackburn Castro (TX) Cheney Clyburn Demings Ellison Eshoo Gabbard Gohmert Gomez Granger Gutie´rrez Harper Hunter Jones Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Moulton Nolan Olson Pelosi Rokita Rush Walz Williams Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on September 28, 2018 due a family emergency that required me to return to Texas. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 413, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 414, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 415. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chair of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
COMMITTE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 27, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : On September 27, 2018, pursuant to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to consider 19 resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The Committee continues to work to reduce the cost of federal property and leases. The 19 resolutions considered include 11 alteration prospectuses, five lease prospectuses, and two construction prospectuses and represent $700 million in savings from avoided lease costs and space reductions. I have enclosed copies of the resolutions adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on September 27, 2018. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. Enclosures. COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
PROGRAM , VARIOUS BUILDINGS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for the reconfiguration and renovation of space within governmentowned and leased buildings during Fiscal Year 2019 to improve space utilization, optimize inventory, and decrease reliance on leased space at a total cost of $70,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that an Expenditure Plan be submitted to the Committee prior to the expenditure of any funds. Provided, that consolidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency. Provided, that no consolidation project exceeds $20,000,000 in costs. Provided further, that preference is given to consolidation projects that achieve an office utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes the reconfigutation and renovation of 
space within Governmentowned and leased buildings during fiscal year (FY) 2019 to support 
GSA's ongoing consolidation efforts to improve space utilization, optimize inventory, decrease reliance on leased space, and reduce the Government's environmental footprint. 
Since inception of the Consolidation Activities Program in FY 2014, GSA has received $263 million in 
supp01i of the program. Through FY 2017, the Consolidation Activities Program has funded 
78 projects. Wben complete, the 78 projects will result in more than a 1.67 million usable square foot 
(USF) reduction, reduce agency rental payments to GSA by $66 million annually, and generate $132 million 
As part of its ongoing effort to improve space utilization, optimize inventory, decrease reliance 
on leased space, and reduce the Government's environmental footprint, GSA is identifying consolidation opportunities within its inventory 
of real property assets. These opportunities are presented through surveys and studies, partnering with customer agencies, and through agency 
initiatives. Projects vvill vary in size by location and agency mission and operations; however, no single project will exceed 
$20 million in GSA costs. Funds will support consolidation of 
customer agencies and vvill not be available for GSA internal consolidations. Preference will be 
given to projects that result in an office utilizatioh rate of 130 USF per person or less and a total project payback period 
of 10 years or less. Typical projects include the 
Reconfiguration and alteration of existing Federal space to accommodate incoming agency relocation/consolidation. (Note: may include reconfigurations 
• Incidental alterations and system upgrades, such as fire sprinklers or heating, ventilation, and air conditioning, needed as part 
of relocation and consolidation. Projects will be evaluated using the following criteria: 
• Preference will be gii;·en to projects that are identified as a reduction oppmiunity by both 
GSA and the subject agency, and that meet the other criteria. 
• Proposed consolidation projects will result in a reduction in atmual rent paid by the impacted customer agency. 
is given to consolidations vvithin or into owned buildings over consolidations 
• Consolidation of expiring leases into owned buildings will be given preference over those business cases for lease cancellations that include a cancellation cost. 
• Colocation with other agencies with shared resources and special space will be given preference. 
• Links to other consolidation projects will be given preference. 
GSA continually analyzes opportunities to improve space utilization and realize longterm cost savings for the Government. Funding for space consolidations 
is essential so that GSA can execute those opportunities. 
Projects funded under this authorization will enable agencies to consolidate within Government­controlled leased space or relocate from either Govemmentcontrolled leased or federally owned space 
to federally owned space that more efficiently meets mission needs. These consolidations will result in improved space utilization, cost savings for the 
Current administration and congressional initiatives call for improved space utilization, lower. costs for the Government, and a reduced enviromnental footprint. 
GSA has detennined that the proposed consolidation program is the most practical solution 
. p~. l P1 L "1?2MA!7tt ~ Approved: __ (/) /k/~_L_~ __ ' ____ ._r_ · _ ·_ ~ ..~strator, General Sen/ides Administration 
SAFETY PROGRAM , VARIOUS BUILDINGS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade, replace, and improve fire protection systems and life safety features in governmentowned buildings during Fiscal Year 2019 at a total cost of $30,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
This prospectus proposes alterations to upgrade, replace, and improve fire protection systems and life safety features in Governmentowned buildings during 
Since FY 2010, the General Services Administration (GSA) has received $94,000,000 iu support 
of this program. These funds supported 87 projects in over 72 Governmentowned buildings. 
As part of its fire protection and life safety efforts, GSA currently is identifying projects in 
Federal buildings throughout the country through surveys and studies. These projects will vary 
in size, location, and delivery method. The approval and appropriation requested in this prospectus is for a diverse set 
of retrofit projects with engineering solutions to reduce fire and life safety hazards. Typical projects include: 
• Replacing antiquated fire alann and detection systems that are in need of repair or for which parts 
• Installing emergency voice communication systems to facilitate occupant notification and evacuation 
• Installing or expanding, as necessary, fire sprinkler systems to provide a reasonable degree 
of protection for life and property from fire in Federal buildings. 
• Constructing additional exit stairs or enclosing existing exit stairs to facilitate the safe and timely evacuation 
of building occupants in the event of an emergency. 
GSA periodically assesses all facilities using tecmiical professionals to identifY hazards and initiate 
correction or riskreduction protection strategies so that its buildings do not present an unreasonable risk 
to GSA personnel, occupant agencies, or the general public. Completion of 
these proposed projects will improve the overall level of safety from frre and situilar risks in 
Over the years, a number of fire protection and life safety issues have been identified that need to 
be addressed to reduce fire risk. The proposed program is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Approved: ___ l/~'' __ vVL/T,~.~ \ ___________ 1 __ ~r1~~l)'drninistrator, General Services Administration 
PROGRAM , VARIOUS BUILDINGS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for alterations to improve physical security in government owned buildings occupied by the Judiciary and U.S. Marshals Service during Fiscal Year 2019 in lieu of future construction of new facilities at a total cost of $11,500,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
This prospectus proposes alterations to improve physical security in Governmentowned buildings occupied 
by the Judiciary and the Department of JusticeU.S. Marshals Service (USMS) 
FY 2012, GSA has received $106,700,000 in support of this program. These funds supported 
The Judiciary Capital Security Program is dedicated to improving physical security in buildings occupied 
by the Judiciary and USMS. In most cases, these projects are in lieu of constructing new facilities, thereby providing cost savings and expedited delivery. 
and delivery method and are designed to·improve the separation of circulation for 
the public, judges, and prisoners. Funding provided for the security improvement projects will address elements such 
as adding doors, recon:figuring or adding corridors, reconfiguring or adding elevators and sallyports, and constructing physical 
This program provides a vehicle for addressing security deficiencies in a tin1ely and less costly manner when construcfu1g a 
new courthouse is unlikely in the foreseeable future. The projects in this program are based 
on studies undertaken by the Judiciary. This prospectus requests separate funding to 
address security conditions at existing Federal courthouses. The Judiciary's asset 
management planning process helps in the compilation of a preliminary assessment of potential 
projects that involve courthouses with poor security ratings nationwide. 
Over the years, a number of security issues have been identified that need to be addressed to reduce risk to physical security. 
The proposed program is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. Submitted at\Vashington, DC, 
BUILDING 48 , LAKEWOOD , CO Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for the full modernization of and to convert Building 48 from a vacant warehouse building into a fully occupied office building, including upgrading building systems and the fire suppression system, repairing structural and architectural deficiencies, installing an elevator, abating hazardous materials, and improving landscaping and underground utilities at the Denver Federal Center located at West 6th Avenue and Kipling Street in Lakewood, Colorado at a design cost of $3,821,000, an estimated construction cost of $40,516,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,698,000 for a total estimated project cost of $47,035,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for a full modernization 
of Building 48 at the Denver Federal Center (DFC), located at vVest 
6th Avenue and Kipling Street in Lakewood, CO. The project will convert Building 48 from a vacant warehouse building into a fully occupied Class A office building. 
proposed project will upgrade buildingsystcms and the fu·e suppression system, repair structural and architectural deficiencies, install an elevator, abate hazardous materials, and improve landscaping and underground utilities. This project will provide 
an efficient office layout that both reduces agency utilization rates and allows for the backfill 
approximately 149,000 rentable square feet (RSF) of vacant federally owned space. The 
renovated space will be occupied by the Department of the Interior (DOl) Interior Business Center 
(IBC), which is currently housed in leased space. Relocation ofiBC to Building 48 provides an annual lease cost avoidance 
FY 2019 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management 
Electrical, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HV A C), plumbing, and fire protection systems replacement; 
roof replacement; exterior closure repairs and replacement; interior construction; paving and landscaping; interior finishes; structural upgrades; demolition; utilities relocation; and elevator installation 
*Tenant agency may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard normally provided 
48 is part of the DFC's main campus and contains 154,422 gross square feet. The first section 
of the building was originally constructed in 1941 as part of the Denver Ordinance 
Plant, with additions made in the 1950s, 1960s, and in 1971. The building is predominantly warehouse space that was formerly occupied 
by theN ational Archives and Records Administration (NARA), which moved to a newlocation in 2013. 
The project proposes a full modernization of Building 48 to renovate approximately 
149,000 RSF of space, including the addition of a main entrance with an atrium to provide for daylighting. A belowgrade courtyard will provide access and natural light 
for the basementlevel office space with new windows and landscaping. This project will allow for a higher density open office environment and the relocation 
of the IBC from leased space. Exterior walls will 
be insulated, repaired, and recaulked, and the masonry will be 
repainted. All exterior windows will be replaced with efficient insulated glazing. Additional windows 
will be added to increase natural light. The entire roof and roof drain system will 
be replaced with skylights and solar tubes to provide top lighting, thereby increasing daylight penetration into the building's interior spaces. 
replace exterior stairs, railings, ramps, and sidewalks. A parking lot to accommodate approximately 
500 parking spaces ·will be constructed. Site utilities will be replaced and relocated. The basement 
vvill be built out and used for office space. To accommodate the use of the basement, a passenger elevator will 
be installed. \Valls that do not provide structural support will 
be removed to create an open office area. Some loading docks will be removed, and the remaining docks will have new levelers, seal enclosures 
on doors, and electric vehicle charging stations installed. There also will 
be structural repairs and upgrades to provide sufficient support to 
the existing structure and additions. The plumbing systems for hot water, chilled water, 
replaced, along with two domestic hot water heaters and gas piping. The project also includes an energyefficient cooling and 
hea6ng system with appropriate air distribution and building automation system, ·new electrical system, emergency 
system, a telecom room and equipment, security access control equipment, and a lightning protection system. Fire protection upgrades, including fire sprinklers and new fire alarm, will be 
installed: Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility Standards requirements will be addressed 
by automatic entrances, audible and visual notification systems, egress doors, larger stairwells, and accessible restrooms and parking spaces. The project also will abate hazardous mate1ials encountered 
Paving and Landscaping Exterior Closures Repairs and Replacement Structural Upgrades Fire Protection Replacement Demolition 
Justification $7,979,000 8,486,000 5,453,000 4,171,000 2,378,000 2,975,000 2,305,000 1,453,000 607,000 3,962,000 455,000 292.000 
Building 48 was occupied by NARA for approximately 50 years and has been vacant for approximately 3 years. The building is predominantly warehouse space and is essentially a building shell that requires a complete modernization to facilitate the 
Completion of this project reduces vacant space by approximately 149,000 RSF and eliminates approximately $5 
million in future annual lease payments to the p1ivate sector. 
IBC is currently ho·used h~ three leased' locations and experiencing grovvih. GSA has 
been working closely 1vith IBC since 2009 to create a solution that will allow it to 
consolidate its leases, provide more efficient work space, and upgrade its· space to meet the modem day demands 
This project will provide IBC 1vith a higher quality, more efficient work environment, progressive alternative workplace arrangements with shared resources, open office 
flexible conference rooms, and collaboration areas, in addition to televvork and oft1ce 
sharing: IBC vvill be closer to the other Db I bureaus and offices at the DFC, thereby providing easier access 
of Building 48 will transform a deteriorating core asset at the heart 
of orie of the country's largest Federal Governri:lent campuses into a high­performing LEED Gold facility capable 
of housing Class A.office space for at least the 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
The 3d~ year, present value cost of alteration is $103,958,000 less than the cost of! easing, with an equivalent annual cost advantage 
BUILDING 53 , LAKEWOOD , CO Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for the partial modernization of Building 53, including upgrading building systems and backfilling vacant space at the Denver Federal Center located at West 6th Avenue and Kipling Street in Lakewood, Colorado at a design cost of $3,464,000, an estimated construction cost of $38,306,000 and a management and inspection cost of $2,757,000 for a total estimated project cost of $44,527,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for a partial modernization and backfill 
of Building 53 at the Denver Federal Center (DFC) located at 
\Vest 6th Avenue and Kipling Street in Lakewood, CO. The proposed project will upgrade building systems and backfill vacant space. This project will provide a 
more efficient layout that both reduces agency utilization rates and allows for the recapture 
of and backfill of approximately 164,000 rentable square feet of vacant federally owned space. The vacant space 
Intetior (DOI)  Business Integration Office (BIO), DOI Fish & Wildlife Service (FWS), 
and DOIOffice of Chief Infonnation Officer (OCIO). Relocation ofF\VS and 
OCIO to Building 53 provides an annual lease cost avoidance of approximately 
$3,000,000 and an annual agency rent savings of approximately $600,000. 
FY 2019 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management 
Electrical, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), roof, fire protection, and plumbing systems replacements; exterior closure repairs; interior finishes; paving, landscaping and site utilities; 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard normally provided 
Building 53 is part of the DFC's main campus and contains 387,826 gross square feet. 
The buildil:lg was originally constructed in 1941 as part of the Denver Ordinance Plant. 
The building is a twostory brick structure with predominantly office space and some lab 
Department of Agticulture Forest Service, Nah1ral Resources Conservation Service; 
Department of Health and Human Sen>ices Office of the Secretary, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Department 
Standards Administration, Office of Workers Compensation Program; Department of the 
Interior Geological Survey, Bureau of Land Management, National Park Service, 
Bureau of Reclamation, Office of the Secretary, Office of Natural Resources and 
Revenue, BIO, FWS, OCIO; Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials 
Safety Administration; Department ofVeterans Affairs Office of Information and Technology, 
Federal Protective Service; Environmental Protection Agency; Department of Defense­
Defense Civilian Personnel Advisory Service; Small Business Administration; GSA Public 
This project will allow for a higher density open office environment and the relocation of 
FWS and OCIO from leased space. BIO also will be relocating from other Government­
In addition to vacant space recapture, the followjng work will take place in the vacant 
space to be backfilled, as well as the common spaces: replace electrical power devices, cables, and telephone and 
related cable; upgrade the cooling and heating system equipment, controls ·and air 
distribution; and fire protection upgrades, including fire sprinklers and alarms. The 
plumbing systems for hot water and chilled water and plumbing fixtures will be replaced. 
The project includes paving and landscaping for a parking lot to accommodate approximately 65 vehicles and relocation 
of utilities to provide lighting for the parking lot. The foundation and floor slab 
will be repaired throughout the building, as required. The 
project includes replacement of the sanitary sewer system for the entire building, the roof, 2 
vvindows, which replacement ;,vill include efficient insulated glazing. Exterior walls will be insulated and repaired, the masonry will be recaulk:ed and repainted, and some exterior doors 
;,vill be replaced. All restrooms will be upgraded with new finishes. The existing elevators will 
be upgraded and one new elevator will be installed at the main entrance. 
Electrical Replacement Interior Finishes HV AC Replacement Exterior Closures Repairs and Replacement 
Justification $10,385,000 7,655,000 3,266,000 5,312,000 5,043,000 2,272,000 1,605,000 1,268,000 945,000 555,000 
The building has not undergone significant reinvestment since originally constructed in 1941. Many 
of its systems no longer meet the current code requirements or have exceeded their useful life, and replacement parts are expensive and difficult to fmd. 
the largest tenant on the DFC and is actively working with GSA to reduce its footprint and eliminate multiple private sector leases. This project 
will provide a highquality, more efficient work environment, the ability 
to embrace new' technologies, and better space layout This allows increased collaboration and coordination among 
DOl's bureaus to better fulfill their missions and goals. These moves are part 
of the GSA and DOl long­term strategic plan for the DFC and will transform a deteriorating core asset into a high­
perforn1h~g facility tl1at vvi11 continue operath~g foi~ at least another 30 y·ears~ 
The lighting, electrical system, and various components of the HV AC system are beyond their useful lives and need 
to be brought up to current design standards. Cunently, there is no emergency generator to support the building. The windows are outdated and 
do not meet required thennal and infiltration performance levels. The roof is in poor condition and beyond its useful life, and the building envelope needs to be sealed to prevent water infiltration into customer space and avoid further work outages. The fire protection system is outdated and will be upgraded 
sewer piping is at the end of its useful life and needs to be replaced. New domestic vvater 
supply and fixtures will be required for newly renovated areas, as well as common areas. 
An additional parking area is needed to accommodate the increased number of tenants. The floor is uneven 
in some areas and the floor slab is cracking and heaving. The 
existing elevators are in need of upgrades, in addition to a new passenger elevator to better distribute upper level access across the building. Undertaking the necessary infrastructure improvements 
>vill reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve energy efficiency, reduce maintenance costs, help facilitate longterm tenancy, and meet customer agency needs. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standard> for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportnriities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
The 30year, present value cost of alteration is $243,575,000 less than the cost ofleasing, with an equivalent annual cost advantage 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
FEDERAL BUILDING , WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for realigning and reconfiguring approximately 286,000 usable square feet of Department of Educationoccupied space and upgrading or replacing multiple building systems at the Lyndon Baines Johnson Federal Building located at 400 Maryland Avenue, SW in Washington, D.C. at an additional design cost of $1,266,000, an estimated construction cost of $30,431,000, a management and inspection cost of $825,000 for a total additional project cost of $32,522,000 and a total estimated project cost of $36,722,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the Lyndon Baines Johnson (LBJ) Federal Building located at 400 Maryland Avenue, 
S\V, Washington, DC. The proposed project will realign and reconfigure approximately 
286,000 usable square feet (USF) of Department of Education (Education)occupied space and upgrade 
or replace multiple building systems. The proposed renovation will 
support GSA and Education's ongoing efforts to improve Education's utilization of space and generate an annual lease cost avoidance 
of approximately $6,500,000 and an annual agency rent savings 
FY 2019 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Additional Design, Construction, Management 
Electrical, heating,· ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), fire and life safety, and plumbing systems upgrades/replacements; demolition; interior construction 
*The tenant agency may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard normally provided 
Constructed in 1959, the LBJ Federal Building consists of 640,332 gross square feet and 386,635 
USF. The building has seven floors occupied above grade, plus a mechanical penthouse, and two levels 
property is across the street from the Smithsonian's Air and Space Museum, as well as the 
National Museum of the American Indian. A planned memmial to President Dwight D. 1 
Eisenhower is expected to be constructed in the next few years oh the north side of the LBJ Federal Building. 
The project proposes to renovate and reconfigure floors 4, 6, and 7 of the existing building, resulting 
in an open office enviromnent with sufficient work and meeting space to meet Education's programmatic requirements in a much more efficient manner while consolidating personnel from leased space. The majority 
of the building system capacities will meet the forecast demand after consolidation, but a few system upgrades are 
needed~ These upgrades include the HV AC controls, new power distribution circuits and breaker ties, open mobile workspace construction, and a new generator. The proposed project also includes life safety items, such as 
of equipment in fire control rooms, and items to improve energy efficiency. Additionally, the switchgear replacement project will replace the medium and low 
. voltage switchgear and network transfonners and protectors, and upgrade the 
monitoring devices within the switchgears to be compatible with GSA requirements for the advanced metering systems. 
The proposed project will increase the utilization ofthe LBJ Federal Building, thereby allowing Education to use the space more efficiently and cost effectively and reduce its reliance on privately owned leased space. This reduction 
will further reduce the Government's real estate footprint and save the taxpayer's money. 2 
The existing mediumand lowvoltage switchgear is obsolete and lacks the safety 
features and equipment required. Upgrading the current equipment will achieve at least another 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for the Public Buildings 
Service. GSA enco:urages design opportunities to increase energy and 
30year, present value cost of alteration is $265,403,215 less than the cost ofleasing, with an equivalent annual cost advantage of$13,192,970. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
BUILDING , INDIANAPOLIS , IN Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for structural and related system upgrades of the parking garage at the MintonCapehart Federal Building located at 575 North Pennsylvania Street in Indianapolis, Indiana of a reduction in design cost of $195,000, an additional estimated construction cost of $3,358,000 and a reduction in management and inspection cost of $6,000 for a total additional cost of $3,157,000 and total estimated project cost of $13,941,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on May 25, 2016 of Prospectus No. PIN–0133–1N17. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to undertake structural and 
related system upgrades of the parking garage at the Minton­Capehart Federal Building located at 575 North 
Pennsylvania Street in Indianapolis, IN. The proposed project will address safety and operability issues 
an additional $3,157,000 to account for cost escalations and refined project scope and budget 
Superstructure repairs and demolition; electrical and fire protection replacement/upgrades 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard nonnally provided 
1 The amount approved for Design and Management and Inspection in Prospectus No. PIN0133INl? by 
the House and Senate Committees includes $201,000 ($195,000 Design and $6,000 Management and Inspection) more 
than the cunent estimate. The approval requested in this FY 2019 amended prospecms reflects the balance 
needed for the project, assuming reallocation of the previously approved $195,000 from Design and 
The Mintoi1Capehart Federal Building, built in 1974, is stories above grade and includes a mezzanine and 
basement The attached parking garage, \Vhich is original to the building, is two stories, with 
the flrst story partially belmv grade and partially exposed to the elements. The garage provides 464 parking spaces, which accommodates Govemmento\vned, 
including law enforcement, veh1cles, and 75 vehicles associated with the nearby Birch 
Bayh Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse tenants. The upper deck serves as a partial cover for the lower deck. 
The garage is elevated and entirely open to the atmosphere and elements. The garage's upper deck is joined to the Federal Building's 
flrst floor entry and plaza. The lower level has a dock area that is also attached to the Federal Building. Tenant Agencies Department 
of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Justice, Department of 
the Treasury, Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of Homeland Security, GSA, 
Department of Transportation, National Labor Relations Board, Social Security 
Administration, Department of Labor (parking only), and Judiciary (parking only) Proposed 
proposed project scope includes concrete repairs and upgrades to lateral load resistance, 
which will extend the life of the parking structure for several decades. The 
upper level slab will be replaced, and a new membrane for vehicle bearing surfaces will 
be insta1led over the top ofthe new slab, Existing beams will be repaired or replaced at 
locations where concrete has spalled. New concrete shear walls will 
project also includes improvements to the supporting columns, shear walls, and exterior as well 
as iP..1provements to the lighti.11g and protection and installation of 
\Vork Items Superstructure Repairs and Demolition Electrical Replacement/Upgrades Fire 
40 years old and is in urgent need of a major renovation. The .garage is suffering from multiple concreterelated failures including: delamination on the floor slabs and beams, and slab reinforcement 
with extensive section loss; concrete spalling and delamination at some column facades; water leakage on the underside 
will be upgraded/replaced to meet current codes. The installation ofbollards on both the entrance and exit ramps 
of the garagewill enhance security. Interim shorttenn repairs have been undertaken with minor repair and alteration program funds over the past decade in an attempt to address immediate safety measures. The corrosion, spalling, and delamination 
of the structure are threatening tenant and property safety. 
Sections of the garage have been closed due to the risk. Currently, two parking spaces 
in. the lower level are closed due to falling concrete. Ten additional parking spaces 
.in the lower level are closed due to water leaks from the upper deck that have damaged several vehicles. Until a major repair is completed, tenant safety 
threatened, closures of sections of the garage will need to be continued and expanded, and degradation 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy 
are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation, and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constmcting a new building. Recommendation ALTERATION 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
COURTHOUSE , CINCINNATI , OH Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for a consolidation project that will relocate the U.S. Bankruptcy Court from leased space to owned space at the Potter Stewart U.S. Courthouse located in Cincinnati, Ohio at a design cost of $3,086,000, an estimated construction cost of $27,229,000, a management and inspection cost of $2,570,000 for a total estimated project cost of $32,885,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a consolidation project that will relocate the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Court (USBC) from over 38,000 usable square feet (USF) 
of leased space to approximately 21,000 USF in the Potter Stewart U.S. Courthouse 
(Potter Stewart Courthouse). The project \Vill meet the longterm housing needs of 
USBC, decrease the Federal Government's reliance on leased space, reduce federally owned vacant space, and improve space utilization in the 
$1.6 million in annual lease costs vvill be avoided, vvith savmgs of 
FY 2019 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management 
Interior construction; demolition and hazardous materials abatement; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HV AC); 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
Potter Stewart Cmnihouse, built in 1938, is a ninestory structure designed in the Art Modem style. The 
plimary· elevations are clad in limestone atop a granite base. The courthouse 
is approximately 529,000 gross square feet, with 11 outside parking spaces. It 
is located within Cincinnati's Central Business Distlict and is listed in the National Register 
of Historic Places. It serves as the main office for the Sixth Circuit Court Executive. A service and 
pedestlian tmmel connects the building to the John Weld Peck 
The proposed project involves alterations to consolidate USBC' s space into the Potter 
Stewart Courthouse from leased space. The construction will create two USBC 
courtrooms and chambers, clerk space, and shared support spaces. HV AC, electrical, plumbing, and life safety system upgrades required to house 
USBC in the courthouse also will be completed. To provide contiguous space for 
The Potter Stewart Courthouse hasapproximately 30,000 USF of vacant space. USBC, 
which currently is in 38,000 USF of leased space, will backfill approximately 21,000 
USF iri the building once the project is completed. The majority of the remaining vacant space will 
be in the basement and subbasement of the building. Bringing USBC into the 
Potter Stewart Courthouse will colocate all of the judiciary's space in Cincinnati into 
one location and \viJl avoid approximately $1.6 million in atmuallease costs. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for the Public Buildings Service. 
GSA encourages design oppmtunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the 
The 30year, present value cost of alteration is $26,129,000 less than the cost ofleasing, with an equivalent ammal cost advantage 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Govemment need. 
COURTHOUSE , CLEVELAND , OH Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to complete, repair, and expand the plaza system at the Carl B. Stokes U.S. Courthouse located at the intersection of Superior Avenue and Huron Road in Cleveland, Ohio of an additional design cost of $342,000, an additional estimated construction cost of $3,788,000 and an additional management and inspection cost of $310,000 for a total additional cost of $4,400,000 and total estimated project cost of $19,964,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on May 25, 2016 of Prospectus No. POH–0301–CL17. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to complete, repair, and expand the 
plaza system at the Carl B. Stokes U.S. Courthouse 
(Stokes Courthouse) located at 801 W. Superior Avenue in Cleveland, OH. The 
completion of the proposed repairs will conect the ongoing deterioration of the plaza 
system, eliminate water infiltration into the building, and allow for the completion of the plaza toward 
Superior A venue, vvhich has remained unfrnished since construction of the courthouse 
prospectus amends Prospectus No. POH0301CL17. GSA is requesting approval 
of an additional $4,440,000 to account for cost escalations and refined project scope. 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
is a 766,000 gross square foot building with 21 stories above grade and 3 
belmv grade. Construction of the building was completed in 2002, and its 1 
primary function is to serve as a Federal courthouse. The Stokes Courthouse is located at the 
:hJ.tersection of Superior A venue and Huron Road. The existing plaza spans the front 
of the property along Huron Road and was designed to extend to the comer of 
Superior Avenue. The building acts as an anchor to the downtown area of Cleveland and is prominent in the city's skyline. 
The project proposes to repair the plaza at the Stokes Courthouse to eliminate water leaks and infiltration 
into the lower levels of the building. The scope includes refmishing and reinforcing the structural steel that supports the plaza, along with repairs to fireproofing and upgrading the surface parking lot. 
The project also proposes to extend the cunently incomplete plaza toward Superior 
A venue as was envisioned in the original design. Due to a funding shortage when the building was originally constructed, a 
The stmctural steel that supports the plaza is exposed to the elements and has been sin<;;e 
the original constmction. The steel has considerable mst damage, and the structural beams that support the plaza and connect 
Part of the unfinished plaza includes the base of the structural steel columns that are at with the Cleveland Regional Transit Authority 
run above and across the train tracks. If the steel continues to be left unattended, it will 
become difficult to repair and will result in structural issues. The conoded steel is also very unsightly 
The plaza has experienced excessive water infiltration in many areas that will 1vorsen 
until repairs are completed. The leaks have been causing damage to the strucnu·e, interior finishes, and the :fireproofmg in the lower levels 
The plaza surrounding the Stokes Courthouse remains incomplete from the time of the original construction in 
of the cityowued and controlled Huron Road. This sidewalk is the only way to access the building from the southeast intersection 
Once the plaza is completed, the sidewalk will be returned to the city, and this will restore a lane 
of traffic on Huron Road. Completion of the plaza will protect the structural steel 
from future damage, improve pedestrian access to the building, incorporate the building into the surrounding urban environment, and significantly improve the appearance 
of the Stokes Courthouse. The building's location w1thin the city acts 
as a prominent gateway for those entering into the city from the west Unfortunately, this impression is lost when visitors reach the intersection 
A venue, where the steel installed for the completion of the plaza is rusting and the appearance 
of the facility at street level is that of a public building that is difficult to approach. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the 
Alternatives Considered (30vear. present value cost analvsis) PBS POH0301CL19 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This project is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing 
PHILADELPHIA , PA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for repairing and replacing domestic and storm water systems and upgrading and replacing the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning system at the U.S. Custom House located at 200 Chestnut Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at a design cost of $7,440,000, an estimated construction cost of $78,025,000, a management and inspection cost of $10,005,000 for a total estimated project cost of $95,470,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert offset folio 355/47 here EH28SE18.037·PROSPECTUS ALTERt\TION U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE PHILADELPHIA, PA 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for the 
U.S. Custom House (Custom House) located at 200 Chestnut Street in Philadelphia, P 
A. The proposed project wiD repair/replace the building's domestic and storm water systems and upgrade/replace the heating, ventilation, and 
air conditioning· (HVAC) system to a more efficient, modem design. 
FY 2019 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management 
HV AC upgrades/replacement; interior construction; demolition/abatement; plumbing repair/replacement; electrical, fire and life safety system upgrades; and roof upgrades 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
The Custom House is a 19story, approximately 565,000 gross squat~e foot building located on 
the eastern side of the Philadelphia central business district. 'TI1e building was originally constructed in 1934 and is primarily 
utilized as office space. The Custom House is listed 
in the National Register of Histmic Places and is distinguished by an 
Department of Homeland Security, Department of Justice, Department of Health and Human 
Services, Department of the Iriterior, Department of State, Depart.rnent of 
The building is suffering :liom recurrent flooding caused by the aged domestic water piping system and significant temperature and indoor 
air quality issues caused by the insufficient and outdated 
HV AC system. Electrical system components will be replaced to support 
the· HVAC systems. Mitigation of hazardous materials and associated sprinkler modifications will be accomplished 
in disturbed areas as part of the project. To repair the building's domestic water system, the piping 
abated of asbestos, inspected, and repaired. Concurrently, the building's induction unit 
abated of asbestos, and upgraded to a fourpipe fan coil system. Due to the invasive nature 
of this vvork and the presence of hazardous materials, the majority 
of building tenants will be moved into intemal s>ving space. The less invasive aspects 
of the project include repairing the storm water system, replacing the building automation system, replacing the 
air volume serving interior zones, replacing the heating and chilled water systems, and replacing the boilers. As noted above, this renovation 
is in an occupied building so the proposed project includes allowances for internal swing space. The project 
using internal svving space and hazardous materials enclosmes, as well as by completing the scope items together. 
litionl Abatement Plumbing Repair/Replacement Electrical Upgrades Fire and Life Safety Upgrades 
The project will address the failing domestic. water piping system that has flooded the building three times 
in the past 4 years, creating millions of dollars in damage to the building and personal property. 
TI1e damage has displaced tenants for months at a time and interfered with their ability 
to carry out their missions. The threat of another major flood 
is imminent, and there is a serious 1isk that additional flooding could potentially damage the historic rotunda, which would be enormously costly. to repair. 
If left unaddressed, the building could potentially become uninhabitable and would need to be considered for disposal. Due 
to the major disruption caused by the repair of the plumbing system, GSA 
determined that this project will provide the opportunity to upgrade the deficient HVAC systems. The HV AC systems the building are approximately 
20 years past their useful lives and are vulnerable to a largescale failure 
in both the air handling units and the branch piping leading to the perimeter induction units. There have been longstanding temperature and indoor air quality issues caused 
by a system that was not designed for office space. 
In addition to affecting occupant comfmt, poor dehumidification has caused the paint, plaster, 
ai1d wall materials to peel at numerous locations in the building, including in the historic rotunda and in areas with leadbased paint. 
(e.g,, cooling in the winter and heating in the summer). Simultaneously completing these projects 
approximately $13 million in duplicative costs, while minimizing disruption to building tenants. 
This project will be designed to confom1 to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the 
PL 11 (ARRA) Window Replacement, Green Roof FY 09 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project This is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. Recommendation 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS ALTER\TION U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE PHILADELPHIA, 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
TX Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for modernization, including replacing building systems, at the Austin Finance Center located at 1619 Woodward Street in Austin, Texas of a reduction in design cost of $465,000, an additional estimated construction cost of $7,131,000 and a reduction in management and inspection cost of $725,000 for a total additional cost of $5,941,000 and total estimated project cost of $28,722,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on May 25, 2016 of Prospectus No. PTX–1618–AU17. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
(GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to modernize the existing Austin Finance Center (AFC), located at 1619 Woodward 
in Austin, Texas. The project will replace building systems and improve energy efficiency. This prospectus amends Prospectus No. PTX1618AU17. 
of an additional $5,941,000 to account for cost escalation due to time and market conditions, and a tenant improvement component. 
Interior constmction; exterior construction; electrical, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), mechanical, life safety/emergency, and plumbing replacement; and sitework 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the standard 
1 The House and Senate committees approved Design, M&I and Construction of $22,781,000 in Prospectus No_ 
PTX1618AUl?. The approval requested in this FY 2019 amended prospectus reflects the balance needed for the 
project, assuming reallocation of the previously approved $1, 190;000 from Design and M &I to Construction. 
AFC was constructed in 1969 as an office building and was purchased by the United 
States in 1985. It is located on a 40~acre Federal campus in southeast Austi~ along with 
the federally owned Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Service Center, 
the Department of Veterans Affairs Automation Center and a leased IRS 
office/warehouse. It consists of a single, freestanding, onestory building of 
approximately 85,000 gross square feet. The building is home to the Department of the 
The project includes HV AC replacement, separation of storm and sanitary lines, domestic water line replacement, main electrical switchboard replacement, window replacement, and power 
Interior Constn1ction Exterior Constrnction Electrical Replacement HV AC/Mechanical Replacement Plumbing Replacement Life Safety/Emergency 
Justification $ 7,511,000 5,132,000 5,211,000 4,906,000 872,000 842,000 520,000 
Historically, the building has been used by Treasury as one of four regional check printing and distribution facilities for Federal obligations to vendors and the general public. Treasury's transition to electrornc transfer 
Of funds resulted in the removal of all check printing and distribution fimctions, and has significantly altered the type and amount 
CongTessional District: PTX1618AU19 25 The 48yearold building has undergone various renovation projects over the years, but never a complete modernization, including upgrades. The space, converted from light 
industlial to office use, does not include the appropriate lighting, HV AC, ceilings, or 
finishes for office space. Window replacement vvill provide energy efficiency and costs savings. The building systems are outdated and have reached the 
end of their useful lives. Tbe old main switchboard needs Teplacement 
Code. The control system and related electronic components need frequent repairs, and parts are no longer available. The original power distribution system is inadequate for the 
elecmcal loads that aTe now required. The HV AC equipment has reached or surpassed its life expectancy. The storm water 
and sanitary lines do not meet cunent code and need 
to be separated. Runoff from heav;r rains often floods the loading dock's storm drain, causing flooding in the building when floor drains back up. All the domestic water lines are old and corroded and need to be replaced. 
This project will be designed to conf01m to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the 
Approvals to Date Prior Committee Approvals Amount Purpose $22,781,000 Design= $2,535,000; ECC=$17,863,000; M&I=$2,383,000 $22,781,000 
The 30year, present value cost of alteration is $54,967,000 less than the cost ofleasing, with an equivalent annual cost advantage 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
CALEXICO , CA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, additional appropriations are authorized for Phase II of a twophase project to reconfigure and expand the existing land port of entry in Calexico, California at an additional design cost of $970,000, an additional estimated construction cost of $14,847,000 and a reduction of management and inspection cost of $1,625,000 for a total additional cost of $14,192,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. This resolution amends the authorization of the Committee on July 16, 2014 of Prospectus No. PCA–BSC–CA15. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) requests additional approval and funding for construction 
of Phase II of a twophase project to reconfigure and expand the existing land port 
of ent1y (LPOE) in dow11town Calexico, CA. The project includes new 
pedestrian processing and privately owned vehicle (POV) inspection facilities, a new 
head house to provide supervision and services to the noncommercial vehicle inspection area, new administration offices, and a parking structure. The expanded facilities will occupy 
both the existing inspection compound and the site of the former commercial inspection facility, decommissioned 
in 1996 when commercial traffic was redirected to the newly completed 
LPOE six miles east of downtovvn Calexico. This prospectus amends 
an additional $27,687,000 to account for cost escalations and design refresh. 
The existing LPOE is a pedestrian and vehicle inspection facility constructed in 1974. It comprises a main building and a decommissioned commercial inspection building. The project includes the creation 
of new pedestrian and POV inspection facilities, and expansion 
of the port onto the site of the former commercial inspection facility .. The commercial inspection operation 
was moved to Calexico East in 1996. POV inspection facilities will include expanded northbound inspection lanes, 
new southbound inspection lanes, and a parking stmcture. There will 
1 Tne amount approved for Management & Inspection in Prospectus No. PCABSCCAll by the House and Senate 
committees includes $1,625,000 more than the current estimate. The approval requested in this FY 2019 amended prospectus reflects the balance needed 
for the project, assuming reallocation of the previ~usly approved $1,625,000 
? GSA works closely with Department of Homeland Security program offices responsible for developing and implementing 
secmity technology at LPOEs. This prospectus contains funding for infrastructure requirements known at the 
time of prospectus development. Additional funding by a reimbursable >vork authorization may be required to 
provide for as yet unidentified security tecl:mology clements to be implemented at this port. 
and design guidemandated secondary inspection stations serving both northb01.md and southbound traffic. The project 
The first phase included a head house, 10 of the project's northbound POV inspection lanes, all southbound 
POV inspection lanes with temporary asphalt paving, and a bridge across the 
The second phase will include the balance of the project, including the remaining northbound 
POV lanes, southbound POV inspection islands, booths, canopies and concrete paving, an administration building, an employee parking 
stmcture, a pedestrian processing building with expanded northbound pedestrian inspection stations, and a photovoltaic generation facility. 
3 Gross square feet (GSF) in this Amended Prospectus was developed from the final construction It reflects a 2.63 percent increase in 
total GSF from that listed in Prospectus No. PCABSCCA15 (where the square footage was developed 
from the concept dta\vings). The parking structure is not included in GSF. 
* Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
The site is located at 200 East 1st Street, Calexico, CA. 
4 ECC is broken into two partsSite Development Costs and Building Costs. 
Department of Homeland Secmity Customs and Border Protection, and hmnigration 
On an average day, 12,000 POVs and approximately 11,000 pedestrians enter the U.S. 
through tlris LPOE. The existing facilities are undersized relative to existing traffic loads and obsolete in terms 
of inspection officer safety and border security. The space required to accommodate modem inspection technologies is not available in the existing facility. When completed, 
the project will provide the port operation with adequate operational space, reduced traffic congestion, and a safe environment for port employees and visitors. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Public Law Fiscal Year I . Amount····· 'I _______ P_u_r_p_ose ____ _ 1105 . 2007 
111117 2010 J $9,437,000 I Additiona.l site acquisition & design 113235 
House T &I~ 4/5/2006 .,, $14,350,000 Design= $12,350,00,_0; _____ _ 
SenateEPW ·I 5/23/2006\ $14,350,000 I SiteAcquisition&Design·'House T &I I 11/5/2009jl $9,437,000 l Additional design= $6,437,000; additional site acquisition= 
HouseT&I Senate EPW I 2/4/2010 ~$9,437,000_ Additional site acquisition & design 
11 11/30/2010 j $274,463,000 Construction= $246,344,ooo;~M&I= $28,119,000 House T&I I 07/16/2014l $85;307,000 I Additional Construction of$85,307,000 Senate 
EPW ·I 04/28/2015 I $85,307;000 I Additional Construction of$85,307,000 
Approvals to Date j $383,557,000 j ·· ··Alternatives Considered 
GSA has jurisdiction, custody, and control over and maintains the existing facilities at this 
LPOE. No alternative other than Federal constmction \Vas considered. Recommendation 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
ADMINISTRATION LABORATORY , LAKEWOOD , CO Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for construction of a new laboratory facility of 68,000 gross square feet to provide a longteiin housing solution for the Department of Health and Human ServicesFood and Drug Administration at the Denver Federal Center at West 6th Avenue and Kipling Street in Lakewood, Colorado at a design cost of $3,570,000, an estimated construction cost of $23,335,000, a management and inspection cost of $2,414,000 for a total estimated project cost of $29,319,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that provides any information requested regarding the project. 
Insert offset folio 355/66 here EH28SE18.053GSA. PBS PROSPECTUS CONSTRUCTION FOOD 
The General Services Administration (GSA) requests approval for construction of a new laboratory facility 
of approximately 68,000 gross square feet (GSF) to provide a long­term housing solution for the Department 
of Health and Human Services Food and DmgAdministration (FDA) at the Denver Federal Center (DFC), at West 
Kipling Street in Lakewood, CO. This project will allow FDA to occupy a laboratory building that meets modern standards for functional laboratory space that will accommodate a floor plan with the· most optimal layout 
in support of its rnission on a secure canipus. 
FY 2019 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested (Design, Construction, Management 
GSA proposes the design and construction of a new Federal laboratory building on a 4acre Governmentowned site, just south of existing Building 20 at the DFC. This project 
will provide FDA a stateoftheart laboratory facility with ancillary office space to support laboratory functions. The facility will be built to meet biosafety level 
specifications. Laboratory layout will be modular and designed to create higher 
efficiency of workflow while maintaining agency chainofcustody regulations. The office 
space will primarily consist of open workstations and a collaborative enviromnent. 
*Tenai1t agency may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard normally provided 
Department of Health and Human Services Food and Dmg Administration 
FDA is currently housed in laboratory and laboratory support space at the DFC in 
Building 20, a converted ammunitions plant building that also houses multiple Federal operations and offices. Building 
20 is well past its useful life and experiencing major building system deficiencies. 
Due to current conditions, failing building systems are projected to cause a 
shutdmvn of its current space within 1 to 5 years. 
The building uses excessive amounts of energy and struggles to maintain proper humidity and pressurization levels due to inadequacies 
in the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning system and building enclosure, which are 
in court cases that must be tested and stored appropriately; some 
samples must be stored for up to 8 years. These samples are irreplaceable and failing infrastructure could place them at 
risk for contamination and spoilage. Costly laboratory equipment is 
at risk of being damaged due to severe roofleaks. The current space 
is compartmentalized with hard wall offices and no capability of 
changing space to accommodate workflow or to facilitate collaboration. FDA has storage spaces and conference rooms that were built to accommodate program areas that no longer exist, and later built laboratory space around those areas. As its space has changed and evolved, the result is pockets 
situation has resulted in inefficient use of space that does not meet regulatory requirements 
to isolate laboratory space from office work areas. This location is the regional regulatory arm 
of FDA and a critical part of its mission. Various departments include laboratories 
that analyze food, drugs, and cosri1etics; a compliance department; investigators; and an administration team. 
of the Mississippi River and east of Nevada, this facility is responsible for managing foodbome 
illness outbreaks. FDA uses this facility to analyze food samples to determine the source 
of the illness so the food can be immediately recalled to prevent further illness or death. This laboratory analyzes foods crossing 
State boundaries, as well as foods that are flown in from other countries to ensure it is safe for consumption. 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service. GSA encourages design opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum perfmmance criteria. 
The 30year, present value cost of new constmction is $10,319,000 less than the cost of 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. Submitted at 
DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Representatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. 3307, appropriations are authorized for the acquisition, through a purchase option under an existing lease, of the building located at 1200 New Jersey Avenue SE in Washington, D.C. composed of 1,900,000 gross square feet and indoor parking spaces currently occupied by the Department of Transportation at a building and site acquisition cost of $760,000,000, closing costs of $7,900,000 and total estimated project cost of $767,900,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes to acquire, through a purchase option under an existing space lease, the building located at 
DC .. The 1,900,000 gross square foot facility, currently leased by GSA, provides 1,350,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space and 936 indoor parking spaces, and is occupied entirely by 
the Department of Transportation (DOT) and serves as its headquarters (HQ). The proposed purchase 
will reduce the Government's rental payment to the private sector by approximately 
Situated on 10 acres ofland to the southwest of the U.S. Capitol building, along the south side of 
M Street SE, between New Jersey Avenue SE on the west and 4th Street SE on the east, the building has served 
as the DOT HQ since its construction in 2006. The building houses approxin1ately 
5,000 employees. The office space is contained in two towers, referred to as the 
West Building and the East Building, each containing nine stories above grade and two stories 
of the 18th century Navy Yard. Part ofthe Navy Yard was excessed 
in the mid20th century to GSA and became knovvn as the Southeast Federal Center. GSA sold 
the parcel that is the subject of this prospectus to the developer specifically for the construction 
Notice of Intent to Consider Purchase Building Acquisition Notice 
ofintent to Exercise Purchase Option Purchase Option Expiration Date 
1 The actual purchase price and closing costs will be determined by negotiation in accordance \Vith the tenns of the existing purchase option under the lease. 
GSA leased the building on behalf of DOT following completion of construction in 2006. The current lease agreement expires on 
October 19, 2021. GSA has an option to negotiate the purchase 
of the building and site at the end of the cunent lease term, provided 24 months' prior notice 
is given to lessor. A Notification of Intent to consider exercising the purchase option is 
required 36 months prior to the lease expiration. The estimated purchase price is based on a current fair market value appraisal 
of the property, escalated to the purchase date, multiplied by 
DOT is a cabinetlevel agency with a longterm requirement for a HQ facility. Exercising the purchase option 
will provide for a permanent, owned housing solution for DOT's mission execution, lowering the cost 
to the taxpayer. Upon purchase, GSA will work with DOT to 
The 30year, present value cost of purchasing is $409,037,184less than the cost ofleasing, with 
Insert offset folio 355/73 here EH28SE18.059PROSPECTUS BUILDING ACQUISITION DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION HEADQUARTERS 1200 NE\V JERSEY 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. Submitted at 
\V ashington, DC, on F=e=b=ru=a=r'y=1=2''. 2=0"'1""8C_'Recommended: fJ 41 if kCommis~ioner, P~blic Buiiding,_s_Service ________ _ 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease of approximately 207,000 rentable 
square feet (RSF) for the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), currently 
since April i, 2006, under a lease that expires on March 31, 2021, 
The proposed lease will enable SEC to provide continued housing as well as more streamlined and 
efficient operations. It \Viii improve space utilization, as the office and overall 
rates will be improved from 189 to 139 usable square (USF) and 316 
l · ..,,_,...,.s.. .. l . . i ne K~t'/~J r at toe current ocnuon i:!' Securities and Exchange Commission 
North: Chambers Street; East: East River; South: Battery Park; \Vest: Hudson River 
US is used forth..: cst!muted proposed maximum RSF as inJicutL'ci in the pbn. 
This estin1atc is for fiscal year 2021 und rnny be cacal~Hed 2 percent annun1 iy ~o the effective di!tc of the h:asc to 
m:count ii:;r inflation. The propos;:d rl:ntul rate ls fully ser.:lcd im.:luding ali oper~!ing e:qlcncscs, 
kssor or dir<:ctly by the Govcmmeru. GSA will conducl the procuremcnl using benchmnrk 
fOr ~he evaluation of competitive offers nnd ns the bJs1s fur ''""'"""''""' 
U\Vard is m~dc in the bcs! interest of the Government 
3.' . . l . ' Ne\v lc~ses rn~y conttun un esca nt1on cw.use to for noru..ml in real estute tuxes and lease 
ln order to the flexibility competition in acquiring space for GSA 
may issue a single, multipleaward solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks 
of able to meet requirements in whole or in part. All offers must provide space 
consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
The lense at 200 Vesey Street in Ne\v York, NY, comprises the New York Regional 
Office headquarters for SEC '.vithjurisdiction in Ne\V York and New Jersey. The mission 
of SEC is to protect investors; mai'ntain fair, orderly and efficient markets; and facilitate capital fonnation. SEC entered into 
granted by Congress. GSA proposes to use its leasing authority to secure new office 
space in New York following the. expiration of the current lease. 
The New York Regional Office is unique to the SEC organization because it 
encompasses divisions typically represented in regional offices, as weil as HQbased 
divisions with staff who are assigned to Ne',v York Regional Office. The current 
lease at 200 Vesey Street expires March 31, 202 L SEC requires continued housing to 
GSA ivil! incorporate energy requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and other 
documents related to the 'procurement space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to minimum requirements set 
forth in the and to achieve an Star performance rating of 75 or 
The Government wlll execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary 
continued housing of tenant prior to the eftective date of the new ensure 
in the interest the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Proposed UR exclndL's 26.078 usf of omcc :mpport space 
of the building avaib1hlc for usc Gy a 1enaut's perwnncl and furnishings nnd space nvail<Jble jointly to the occupants of the building . 
.;. Calculation excludes Judidary, Congress and agencies wi!h less thrm 10 people 
.J USF/Persou housing plun total USF divided by total personnel. 
"J</U Faclor (Rill)~ Max RSF divided hy lotH I USF 
c~~dudcs wan;:house, which is parl of Special Spnce. Personnel Oftll'C 663 663 
spnccs listed arc examples ofsueh Sp{lces and may be subjecllo change at the time a Requ\js!(()r Lense Proposal (RLP) is issued to meet specific agency requirements. Total ' 
Wellnexs Room I 280 Copy Room I I ,680 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease for approximately 224,000 rentable square 
feet (RSF) for the Department of Health and Human and 
Dmg Administration (FDA). FDA is currently housed at 1 5 Liberty· A venue, 
Jamaica, NY, under a lease that expires on October 19,2019. The lease 
Total Annual Cose: 224,000 (Current RSFIUSF""' 1 .28) 224,000 (Proposed RSFIUSF 
1 A RSF/USF rothJ of' .2& is used for the rmrihnurn RSF llS 1nrlicaterJ ln the 
7 This es1ima!e is for fiscal year :wzo ad may he escalcr!ed by L9 percent 
accmmt for in!htion. The proposed rental rute is fuliy serviced 
the lessor or directly by ihe Government. GSA will conduct lhe p!1:•Cui·em.enl 
bem:hmark fur lhe evahmlioo of competi!ive offers and l!!S !he a\vard 
is n1t1dc in the best interest of tlte Govemn'lcnt. 
3 Ncvllea.ses muy contnin nn escalation dnuse to for r.mm .. ml chnnges ln rezt e..~1nte tnxes and up., '"'"'iS costs~ 
FDA's Northeast Region (NER) is responsible for carrying out the programs of FDA's 
Office of Reg1datory Affairs (OR.i\) within a geographical area that includes seven states: Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, 
Vermont Principal components of NER include the Regional Office, the New York 
District Office, and the Northeast Regional Laboratory (NERL). Tnese are ail currently located 
at 158~15 Liberty Avenue, Jamaica, r.. ry (the Jamaica Complex). NER has regulatory responsibility 
over more than 18,000 private finns within its inspectional jurisdiction, 
with the largest number of finns being in the food and medicaldevice areas. 
NER's regulatory efforts promote and protect L~e health of the public by ensuring the 
safety, efficacy, and security of medical devices, as well as the safety of radiation~ 
emitting products. FDA is also responsible for enfOicing legislation such as the Federal Food, 
Drug and Cosmetic Act and the Food Safety Modernization Act. 
FDA must have laboratory facilities that are fully functioning to protect the public and ensure 
effective giobai and domestic commerce. OR..'\ operates higt;throughput field 
laboratories, located strategically across the United States, to support FDA's mission to 
protect public health and to create new I<.J1owledge in t1eld of regulatory science. 
GSA wiil consider whether FDA's housing needs can be satisfied in the 
existing location based on a11 analysis of other potential locations within the delineated area. 
If other potential locations are identified, GSA conduct a costbenefit analysis to determine whether the Government can 
of real and personal property FDA to accomplish its mission. 
Remaining at the Jamaica Complex will ensure that FDA makes the best use of its investr;;ent 
in the existing flexible, modem space and reliable building systems. The 
current location supports evolving regulatory science within a secure, safe, and healthy work environment 
for FDA employees. Extending the senice life of the Jamaica Complex, and 
of the Bio Safety Level 3 (BSL3) laboratory in particular, by renewing the 
existing 1ease will improve the economic performance the significant investment of 
taxpayer dollars required to establish a11d maintain the fadlit¥. 
NERL is one of FDA's largest field laboratories. This key laboratory to outbreaks involving 
for microbial pathogens, pesticides, food additives, mycotoxins, colors, insanitation, decomposition, 
cosmetics, h~avy metals in fuods, and quality c.nd purity in 
Laboratory (operated and maintained in accordance with 42 CFR 73.7). 
Currently, the BSL3 laboratory is a recertification to remain compliant with regulatory laws. 
precautions required to isolate dangerous biological agents in the enclosed laborator; 
facility. BSL3 facilities provide the appropriate containment environment for \·Vorking 
with biological select agents and toxins that have the potential to pose a severe or 
The current lease at 15815 Liberty Jamaica, NY, expires on October 19,2019. 
FDA requires continued housing to carr; out its mission. 
GSA will incorporate energ<J efficiency into Request for Lease Proposals 
and other documents related to the procurement of based on approved 
forth in the procurement a.11d to achieve an Energy Star perforrmmce rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and 
the Senate Corr.rnittee on Environment and Public \Vorks approving this prospectus '.Vill 
constittlte to make appropriations to in a facility that wm yield the 
GSA wm execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure ~,.;vw.tllu'c\ 
of the teml!'1t prior to the of the extension. It is in t.'tJe best 
interest of the Government to avert the finztncia! risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need" 
Insert offset folio 355/86 here EH28SE18.068May 2018 Leased Lm.::atiuns [(ale.: 
UR "'' <!Veragc HHIOLIUt or oflkc f>pace per petsOJl 
P1oposc:d I JIZ excludes 8,73\J usf of ollice support spuce 
orthc building available fOr uxe by a tcnnnfs personnel and fl~rui::;hings awl space avmlablt: jointly to !ht.: occupants or the building. 
_: C<~lcuhttion exclude~ Judici;uy, CongH.~ss uu1 i.lgcncit:s v;ilh k:ss than 10 p~ople 
l USF/Pcrson hou:;ing plan !otal USF divided by total personneL 
'1IUU Facwr (H./lJ) =Max RSF divided by total USF 
,~ Sturage excludes warehouse, which is p<lrl of Special Spa cu. 
1' 5lpecial spaces lis!~d arc exnn!plcs of such .spaces <lnd mny be· :,ubjcct to ch<~nge at the time a Requcsl for Lcnsc Proposnl (RLP) is issued to meet specific agency requiremcnls PNY02QUI9 
'"'": : "" '"'"' .~ : I t 1 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a 3year lease extension of 
approximately 84,937 rentable square feet (RSF) for Department Labor (DOL) 
currently located at 300 51h Avenue in Seattle, \VA. The current lease October 31, 2020. 
The proposed extension will enable DOL to provide continued housing for its personilei 
while a renovation project to allow for relocation and consolidation into federally owned 
DOL and the welfare of the wage eamers, job "'"'""'""'· of 
DOL Regional the United States; improves working conditions; advances and assures workrelated benefits and 
Th.is esthnate is for fiscal year 2021 and may be <:scn1uted by 1 ~E rm.msuUy to the effective dot\! of the lease to 
nccmmt for inflslion. Tm: propDsed rental !<lie is fully serviced all by the 
!csscr or clircctiy by the GovcromcnL GSA \viH condu~t the procuremenl market rntr:...~ as n 
benchmafh f:nr th~ €va!uati!>n of conlpciitiv~ offers and as a basis fur n.cgo~1ating \Vhh offcrcrs to ensure that kase 
awnrrl is mr:dc ln the best lntcrest of (he GoVf.."ffimcnt~ 
3 New 1ea~es may contuln nn escaiatton clause to provide fur .rmnunJ in r~i eswH: taxes and costs, 
The current h~ase at 300 S'h Avenue expires October 31, 2020. DOL is scheduled to 
consolidate this office and relocate to the Federal Office Building (FOB) at 909 
Avenue in Seattle, by October 1, 2021. DOL requires continued housing at its current location until the new 
space is readied for occupancy. DOL will backfill vacant space made 
available from a recent Depart.ment of the InteriorNational Park Service (NPS) consolidation project 
in the FOB, and a Department of Housing and Urban Development 
(HUD) relocation and consolidation from the FOB to the Jackson Federal Building (JFB) 
at 915 Second Avenue in Seattle. The consolidation will reduce DOL's allin utilization rate from 250 
to 166 per person with a reduction in usable square footage from 
DOL move to the FOB is dependent on the completion of the NPS consolidation and HUD's relocation to 
the JFB. The 3year terrn is to cover any potential delays 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility will yield required rentable area. 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are 
housing the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the ensure continued 
ofthe Government to avert the financial risk of holdover r?TH'Ir''""'" 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Go·,.remmcnt need. September 1 
1USF means the portion ofihe buildb1g nvni!ablc Cor use tennnt\s personnel and furuishings and space available jointly fo !he occupnnts orthe building. 
"Ca!eu!t~liou excludes Judlt:iury, Congress aud agencies Jess tl!un 1 ()people 
1USF/I1Dtson housing pbn total USF divided by total personnel. 1lVU rac!or ;c>, Max RSF diviJed Iota! USF 
1;)torage ~xcludcs wa:l::llousc, is pml of' Special Spncc 'Special 
space!S listed ure examples of such spaces and 1llf1)' be subject !o change n! the lime a Request for Lease Proposal (HLP) i.s issued to meet specinc agency requirements. F:STJIVIA'rEIJ/l'R(lPOSED PWA01SE19 
LEASE —COURT SERVICES AND OFFENDEDR SU PERVISION AGENCY , PRETRIAL SERVICES  
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of 
approximately 201,000 rentable square feet (RSF) for the Court Services and Offender 
Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA), the Pretrial Services Agency 
for the District of Columbia (PSA), and the Public Defender Service for the District of 
Columbia (PDS) in Washington, DC. CSOSA, PSA, and PDS are currently housed in 
three leased locations, ·,vhich include three GSA leases (located at 633 Indiana A venue 
NW since 1999, and l 025 F Street NW since 201 0), and two leases executed by CSOSA 
and PSA under a delegation from GSA (located at 60! Indiana Avenue NW). 
The new lease will provide continued housing for CSOSA, PSA, and PDS and will 
improve their office utilization rate from 115 usable square feet (USF) per person to 93 
USF and their overall space utilization rate from 2 i2 USF to 204 USF per person, 
Estimated Rental Rate2: CSOSA, PSA, and PDS 209,012 (Current RSF/USF = 1.20) 201,000 (Proposed RSFiUSF 
1 Tnc RSFIUSF nt the current !ocatiun i~ approximatc!y US; hm>cvcr, to maximize compcti:ion a RSF/USF mtio of 
; .20 is used for the estimated proposed maximum RSF as indicated in the housing p!an. 
1l1is estimatc is for fiscal yc:lr 2019 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent amwzl!y to the effective (bte of the lease to 
account for inflation. The proposed rental rdte is fully s<:rvicerl induding ail opemting expcn;;cs, whether puid by th·:.: 
lessor or directly by the Government GSA wl!l conduct the procur~ment using prcva1!lng market rental rules as a benchmark for the evaluation 
of competitive offers and as !he basis for negotbting with offeroo to ensure that lease award 
is made in the best interest of the Gm·emment. 
In order to !Jlaximize the flexibility and competition in acquiring space for CSOSA, PSA, 
and PDS, GSA may issue a single, multipleaward solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks 
of space able to meet requirements in whole or in part. All offers must 
provide space consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
The National Capital Revitalization and SelfGovernment Improvement Act first established 
CSOSA in 1997 to provide community supervision for adult offenders on 
probation, parole, and supervised release in the District of Columbia. CSOSA's mission is 
to enhance public safety, prevent crime, and reduce recidivism among those supervised and to support the fair administration 
PSA's mission is to promote pretrial justice and enhance community safety. It assists judicial officers 
in both the Superior Court of the District of Columbia and the United States 
District Court for the District of Columbia by conducting a risk assessment for 
every arrested person who will be presented in court and fonnulating release or detention recommendations. 
PDS' mission is to promote and provide quality courtappointed counsel in criminal and 
juvenile delinquency cases pending before the Superior Court of 
Due to the nature of their functions, CSOSA, PSA, and PDS need to be housed within close proximity to the courts 
to address missionbased matters that may arise with the 
sentencing and/or supervision of their clients. CSOSA staff supervises approximately I 
4,000 offenders on any given day. The court often directs probationers to report promptly to 
CSOSA for a variety of reasons that may require immediate attention before 
judicial decisions can be made. For the defendants who are placed on conditional release 
pending trial, PSA provides supervision and treatment services that reasonably assure that 
they return to court and do not engage in criminal activity pending their trial and/or 
sentencing. PDS staff makes frequent trips to the DC Superior Court daily in support of 
3 New leases may contain an escabticn clause to provicle for annual in n:J! eslnte taxes and opcmiing cnsts. 
PDS's \Vork, and the court relies heavily on the immediate availability of PDS staff to 
attend to the many matters that may arise. These agencies have housed their offices m close proximity to the courts since their creation. They anticipate 
continued housing needs beyond the proposed term of this lease 
CSOSA's goal is to reduce its real estate footprint through consolidation and vacating some 
of its existing locations. CSOSA \Vill reduce its real estate footprint and operational costs through open space plans and office sharing, where feasible. 
PSA have published reduction goals, the proposed project reflects reductions from their current 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to tfie procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute approval 
to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessarj to ensure continued 
housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best 
interest of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a lease extension of up to 5 years at the 
current location for approximately 92,210 rentable square feet (RSF) for the Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS)~Secret Service (USSS). USSS is currently located in the Rena1ssance Plaza 
Building at 335 Adams Street in Brooklyn, New York, This location houses the Regional Headquarters 
Office for USSS, and USSS has occupied space in the building since October 
2001. The lease expires on October 30, 2018. Description 
Bounded by Tillary Street to the north, Ashland Place to the east, 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2019 and may be escalated by 1.9 percent arum ally to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. GSA \VI!! conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental ;ates as a benchmark for 
the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basls for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made ln 
Th,; proposed annual rental is f.Jlly serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly 
by the Government, New leases may conw!n an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes 
The current 1ease became effective on October 5, 200 l =shortly after the September ll, 2001, 
attacks destroyed USSS' Regional HeadquartersOffice located at 7 World Trade Center~and 
expires on October 30,2018. The lease was executed under an emergency blanket authorization. 
GSA pays approximately $4,726,378 in annual lease contract rent. 
USSS has housed its Regional Headquarters in Brooklyn since 2001. Extension of the current 
lease wil1 enable USSS to provide continued housing for its personnel and meet its mission 
requirements. A 5year lease extension will pwvide GSA and USSS the opportunity for a 
coordinated USSS relocation plan. GSA \Nill attempt to negotiate a flexible lease term of 5 years 
with termination rights after the third year to mitigate vacancy risk in the event a new location 
for USSS is ready for occupancy in less thai1 5 years. 
It is fulticipated that USSS will consolidate the larger USSS footprint throughout the New York 
Resoiutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the 
Senate Committee on Environment andPublic Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield therequired rentable 
GSA will execute such interim !easing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the extension. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
/!Jf f /, " I· r l t ~u ' . /{;Recommenaed:. J~. I""''!/ ·  ~ ··· tommissioner, 
67,~91 1USF means the portion oCthc building nvai!abic J(}rnse 
RENAMING THE STOP TRADING ON CONGRESSIONAL KNOWLEDGE ACT OF 2012 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Committee on Financial Services, Committee on Agriculture, Committee on House Administration, and Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6870) to rename the Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge Act of 2012 in honor of Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6870 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPUTY SHERIFF ZACKARI SPURLOCK PARRISH, III, POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5791) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Boulevard in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5791 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEPUTY SHERIFF ZACKARI SPURLOCK PARRISH, III, POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPUTY SHERIFF HEATH MCDONALD GUMM POST OFFICE Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5792) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5792 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEPUTY SHERIFF HEATH MCDONALD GUMM POST OFFICE. 
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
Mr. COMER (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colorado, as the ‘Detective Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
MAJOR ANDREAS O’KEEFFE POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6780) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6780 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NAPOLEON ‘‘NAP’’ FORD POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6591) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Florida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ‘Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6591 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1230 MISSING CHILDREN’S ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2018 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3354) to amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3354 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Children’s Assistance Act of 2018’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REAUTHORIZING THE FAMILY VIOLENCE PREVENTION AND SERVICES ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Education and the Workforce be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6014) to reauthorize the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6014 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONGRESSIONAL AWARD PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3509) to reauthorize the Congressional Award Act, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3509 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congressional Award Program Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JUVENILE JUSTICE REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Education and the Workforce be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6964) to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6964 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2018’’. 
The amendments made by this Act shall not apply with respect to funds appropriated for any fiscal year that begins before the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE I—DECLARATION OF PURPOSE AND DEFINITIONS 
Part C of title II of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (34 U.S.C. 11141 et seq.) is repealed. 
Section 502 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 U.S.C. 11281) is amended to read as follows: 
Section 504 of the Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 U.S.C. 11281 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
The Incentive Grants for Local Delinquency Prevention Programs Act of 2002 (34 
U.S.C. 11281 et seq.) is amended by redesignating section 505 as section 506, and by inserting after section 504 the following: 
Title V of the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 as enacted by Public Law 93–415 (88 Stat. 1133) (relating to miscellaneous and conforming amendments) is repealed. TITLE IV—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, except for titles III and IV, $176,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, of which not more than $96,053,401 shall be used to carry out title V for each such fiscal year. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2269) to reauthorize the Global Food Security Act of 2016 for 5 additional years, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 2269 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Global Food Security Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
AMY, VICKY, AND ANDY CHILD PORNOGRAPHY VICTIM ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2017 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2152) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornography, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2152 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act of 2017’’. 
Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report on the progress of the Department of Justice in implementing the amendments made by sections 3 through 5. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act of 2018’’. 
LOSSES .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘full amount of the victim’s losses’ includes any costs incurred, or that are reasonably projected to be incurred in the future, by the victim, as a proximate result of the offenses involving the victim, and in the case of trafficking in child pornography offenses, as a proximate result of all trafficking in child pornography offenses involving the same victim, including— 
may be redacted to protect the privacy of third parties.’’. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit to Congress a report on the progress of the Department of Justice in implementing the amendments made by sections 3 through 5, and shall include an assessment of the funding levels for the Child Pornography Victims Reserve. 
Mr. MARINO (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ABOLISH HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2017 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Committee on Energy and Commerce, and Committee on Homeland Security be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1311) to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 1311 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
LAW EN FORCEMENT TRAINING PROGRAMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Strike all that follows after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102))’’ after ‘‘child pornography victims’’. 
LAW EN FORCEMENT TRAINING PROGRAMS ’’ and inserting ‘‘
Mr. MARINO (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 1312) to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1312 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Tribal Justice, shall carry out a program under which tribal law enforcement officials may receive technical assistance and training to pursue a victimcentered approach to investigating and prosecuting severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). TITLE VI—ACCOUNTABILITY 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘PublicPrivate Partnership Advisory Council to End Human Trafficking Act’’. 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all that follows after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
The Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Tribal Justice, shall carry out a program under which tribal law enforcement officials may receive technical assistance and training to pursue a victimcentered approach to investigating and prosecuting severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). TITLE VI—ACCOUNTABILITY 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘PublicPrivate Partnership Advisory Council to End Human Trafficking Act’’. 
Mr. MARINO (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TIFFANY JOSLYN JUVENILE ACCOUNTABILITY BLOCK GRANT PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 68) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the Juvenile Accountability Block Grant program, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 68 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tiffany Joslyn Juvenile Accountability Block Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
In each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Attorney General shall use up to $25,000,000 of the amounts made available for Department of Justice, General Administration, to carry out part R of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ee et seq.). 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all that follows after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tiffany Joslyn Juvenile Accountability Block Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the use of best practices is encouraged for all activities for which grants under part R of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 may be used. 
Mr. MARINO (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
UNITED STATES PAROLE COMMISSION EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6896) to provide for the continued performance of the functions of the United States Parole Commission, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6896 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Parole Commission Extension Act of 2018’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2018, TO TUESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 2018 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12:30 p.m. on Tuesday, October 2, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. f 
NATIONAL RECOVERY MONTH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate September being National Recovery Month. Sponsored by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, SAMHSA, I encourage everyone to take time this month to reach out to those who they know are suffering or have suffered from mental and substance abuse disorders. Currently, 115 people die every day from opioid abuse. Clearly, that is way too many, and, sadly, only one example of numerous types of mental and substance abuse disorders in the United States. If you or anyone you know is struggling, there are resources available, including a Suicide Prevention Lifeline, SAMHSA’s National Helpline, and more. SAMHSA’s website, www.samhsa.gov, has these phone numbers, treatment center locations, grant applications for local governments, and general health information. With hard work, smart policy decisions, and a dedicated American public, we can turn these numbers around. 
RECOGNIZING STAFF MEMBER AUDRA WILSON (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank a longtime staff member, my deputy chief of staff, Audra Wilson. After more than 5 years of service to the people of Illinois’ Second Congressional District, Audra is leaving my office to serve as the new executive director of the League of Women Voters of Illinois. I first met Audra in 2003 while serving as a State representative. Audra has been with my congressional staff from day one. As my deputy chief of staff and district director, she has played an important role in organizing essential district programming like our jobs and health fairs, our local Black Women & Girls programming, and has skillfully maintained our local district task forces. Audra is also my constant plus one whenever I want to grab a bite of Indian food. I congratulate Audra and her family, especially her beautiful and brilliant daughter, Ava, my future district director in the year 2038. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have had the privilege to work with Audra, and on behalf of the people she served for over 5 years, I commend her and say: Job well done. f 
VICTIMS OF CONGRESSIONAL DELAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, one in four women will experience domestic violence during their life. Nearly three women are murdered by their spouses every day. This is violent America in our time. Violence in the family unit. These crimes affect the spouse, the children, and the quality of life of our community. The Violence Against Women Act, or VAWA, has helped women throughout our Nation. Lifesaving programs and resources have given victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence a chance for a better life. My legislation to reauthorize the full funding of VAWA through 2019 will help victims of violence and support groups that work with battered families. But Congress has only extended VAWA for 3 months. Women affected by domestic violence deserve better than more delay. Standing up for victims is not a partisan issue. Congress needs to fully fund and reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act because domestic violence victims are people too. And that is just the way it is. 
JUDGE THOMASANITA HILL V. JUDGE KAVANAUGHCHRISTINE BLASEY FORD (Ms. DELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, the United States Senate is about to embark on a misguided journey. How can there be a vote to place Judge Kavanaugh in a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court under this cloud? To be sure, a person is innocent until proven guilty, but without a full and public hearing about the veracity of these very serious charges of sexual harassment, a decision today to elevate Judge Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court casts doubt on the entire process. Allegations of sexual harassment are serious charges which deserve serious consideration. The Justices of the Supreme Court must demonstrate respect for the law and for individual rights. To impugn the integrity of Professor Christine Blasey Ford, to elevate that of Judge Kavanaugh, is not appropriate 
nor is it a credible tactic. The American people deserve more than a dismissal of Professor Ford’s charges. They deserve to know the truth. Mr. Speaker, let us take time to uncover the truth. I gave this same exact speech on October 8, 1991. The only difference was the substitution of Clarence Thomas’ name for Brett Kavanaugh’s and Anita Hill’s for Christine Blasey Ford’s. Republicans attempted to censure me for that speech. History is repeating itself before our eyes, and women are once again being ignored instead of being believed. We must do better than that in the United States of America and in the United States Congress. 
URGING THE SENATE TO CONFIRM JUDGE BRETT KAVANAUGH (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the Senate to confirm Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Judge Kavanaugh has a clear record as a thoughtful jurist who respects and will defend our Constitution. Those who have worked with him over the years and know him best strongly defend his record as a good man who loves his family and our country. I am ashamed we find ourselves where we are today. It is shameful the way that Judge Kavanaugh has had his name smeared, just as it is shameful that Dr. Ford has been used as a pawn in a political game. Frankly, my heart hurts for both of them. Our government is only as good as the people who serve in it, and I am deeply concerned that this whole series of events will encourage fewer good men and women to take up the call of government service. Mr. Speaker, this circus must end. The Senate should vote on Judge Kavanaugh, approve him to serve on the Supreme Court, and allow our great country to move forward. 
b1245 THE RULE OF LAW AND THE CONSTITUTION MUST PREVAIL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to join my friend from Texas, as the author of the Violence Against Women Act. In 2018, I encouraged my colleagues to step up and pass this vital legislation that now protects all who have been abused in some way from sexual assault, sexual harassment, stalking, and, yes, domestic violence. I am saddened that the House has not seen fit to join this bill that I have authored with over 35 national nonpartisan groups and, as well, with over 150plus Members of the United States Congress. It is time now. Finally, sitting in the United States Senate, listening to the hearings regarding Judge Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford, let me say that I hope our colleagues will yield not to politics but to the rule of law, adhere to the American Bar Association that says pause, to the Jesuits who have taken away their endorsement, and realize that we are not the important factor, but it was the weight of the Supreme Court that requires better. Finally, I am delighted to note that we are moving forward on juvenile justice, as we have done today—legislation that I have authored—and that we are working on behalf of the people. But again, Mr. Speaker, it is important in the United States Senate that the rule of law and the Constitution prevail. Advice and consent must be given with knowledge. f 
NATIONAL URBAN WILDLIFE REFUGE DAY (Mr. WITTMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support my resolution, H. Res. 1088, a resolution recognizing this Saturday, September 29, as National Urban Wildlife Refuge Day. Across the country, urban wildlife refuges are places for families to gather and enjoy the outdoors. Urban refuges are places where communities can come together to preserve nature, and places to inspire the next generation of hunters and anglers. I encourage all generations, whether old or young, to go visit one of the 101 national urban wildlife refuges throughout the United States. I thank Representative HAKEEM  JEFFRIES for partnering with me on this legislation to help further emphasize the value of our Nation’s urban wildlife refuges. 
WOODPAWCATUCK WATERSHED (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 50th anniversary of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, signed into law on October 2, 1968. This landmark conservation bill launched a movement. It helped us recognize and protect the freeflowing rivers with ‘‘outstandingly remarkable’’ characteristics. In Rhode Island and Connecticut, we have just such waterways, including the branches of the Wood and Pawcatuck Rivers. Just this week, in cooperation with Senator JACKREED, I introduced legislation to designate the 110 miles of this river system as a Wild and Scenic River. After 3 years of intense study, the National Park Service has found it to have areas of pristine beauty, recreational importance, and untouched wilderness. I applaud the work of Denise Poyer, the study coordinator at the Wood Pawcatuck Watershed Association, and all of those who have volunteered their time to protect this river. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee to complete this designation. f 
CONGRATULATING JIM PAXTON (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Jim Paxton of the First District of Kentucky on his retirement from the Paducah Sun newspaper. Within the first year of his career, he quickly rose through the ranks to serve as the Paducah Sun’s editor and publisher. As he and his brothers joined the generations of Paxton family members who have led and managed Paxton Media Group, they began to expand their operations into local television broadcasting with WPSDTV and radio broadcasts, eventually owning and managing more than 35 daily and weekly newspapers throughout the Southeastern United States. The Paducah Sun’s continued success is a testament to Jim’s belief that local newspapers should focus on prominently featuring news from the community, while also striking the appropriate balance of State and national coverage. Throughout his career, Jim Paxton has established an outstanding legacy as a revered public servant and titan of western Kentucky media. He is widely respected for his pursuit of meaningful, insightful journalism, and I am thankful for his friendship and guidance throughout the years. As he begins the next phase of his life, I join with his family and friends, as well as those he has impacted during his career, to express our dedication and gratitude for his contributions to western Kentucky. 
NATIONAL URBAN WILDLIFE REFUGE DAY (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H. Res. 1088, a resolution recognizing September 29 as National Urban Wildlife Refuge Day, authored by Representative WITTMAN . Earlier this year, my bill, Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act, became law. That bipartisan bill reauthorized a volunteer, community partnership, and education program for our National Wildlife Refuge System. 
We believe in the importance of maintaining a system of wildlands throughout this great country. That is why I am proud to join my colleague, Representative WITTMAN , in sponsoring this resolution to recognize our Nation’s 101 national urban wildlife refuges. People visit refuges to experience America’s natural beauty. They help to mold the next generation of conservationists and outdoor enthusiasts by providing learning experiences and cherished memories for America’s families. Refuges have a tremendous impact for communities all over America, even in my hometown of Brooklyn. We must remain vigilant in protecting the breathtaking wildlife and beautiful environment God has given America. Urban refuges are essential in achieving that goal. 
HONORING COLONEL ALFRED ASCH (Mr. MOOLENAAR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MOOLENAAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank the members of the Michigan delegation and the House of Representatives for their support and unanimous passage of my legislation earlier this month to rename the Beaverton Post Office in honor of the late Colonel Alfred Asch. Alfred was born and raised in Beaverton, and, as a young boy, he was fascinated by aviation. In September of 1941, after graduating high school, he entered the Army Corps. He flew more than 70 missions over north Africa and Europe, earning numerous decorations, while documenting his experiences in letters to Naomi, his girlfriend and wifetobe. He continued to serve in the Air Force until 1968, and he made contributions to military and civilian flight. His work took him away from Michigan, but he always kept his hometown in his heart. He funded a scholarship at Central Michigan University for students from Gladwin County, and proceeds from his memoir helped fund the Beaverton Activity Center. I am proud to have the support of Colonel Asch’s family and his two sons, David and Peter, who have said their father’s childhood in Beaverton helped him face life’s early challenges before taking on the world. Alfred Asch was a great American and a hometown hero for Beaverton, Michigan. 
REMEMBERING LOUISE M CINTOSH SLAUGHTER (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, during this 115th session of Congress, the House lost one of its most passionate souls, the late Representative Louise McIntosh Slaughter. She worked day in and day out with great passion and with great integrity. She understood that it was about trust that was placed into a Member of Congress by the people who have chosen you to be their voice here in Congress. To Louise Slaughter it was important to make certain that government was transparent and accountable, so she drove the Stop Trading On Congressional Knowledge Act, which was dubbed the STOCK Act. I am so proud to have sponsored legislation today that has renamed, in her honor, the STOCK Act. Louise Slaughter worked for transparency in this House. She knew that it was about making lives of the constituents that we represent all the stronger and all the fuller and not enriching our own lives by the trust placed in us. It is an honor to rename the STOCK Act because of her hard work and because of her integrity. f 
HONORING L AGRANGE FIRE DEPARTMENT (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the bravery of the LaGrange Fire Department. In the early hours on the morning of Labor Day, the department received a call for a house fire. As firefighters battled the blaze, the flames were so hot that their fire hose melted in two. Firefighters were trapped in the house. Luckily, everyone made it out. But six of those firefighters suffered severe burns and injuries: Pete Trujillo, Jordan Avera, Jonathan Williamson, Josh Williams, Jim Ormsby, and Sean Guerrero. All are on the mend, but they suffered very, very severe injuries. These brave men and women put their lives on the line every single day to keep our loved ones safe in an emergency with no expectation of recognition for their heroism. But today, I would like us all to pause and think about the tough work that they do and the danger that they put their lives in. I would like us all to thank them and extend our deepest gratitude to these firefighters and all of those around the Nation. 
TARIFF IMPACTS (Mr. CLEAVER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, recently, I spent time listening to farmers, large manufacturers, and leaders of smaller companies in my district express their frustrations on how tariffs are affecting their bottom line. I visited a steel fabrication company, an architectural aluminum design company, and a brewery. Although these companies vary in product, they all shared one common fear: wondering what would be their fate in the presence of these illadvised tariffs. I listened to farmers offer feedback on how they are affected. Agriculture is one of Missouri’s top industries, bringing in about $88 billion a year. Most farmers tell me that the recently announced USDA payments are helpful, but that, ultimately, in their words, ‘‘we want trade, not aid.’’ I met with local chambers of commerce and business councils, and, for those I didn’t even have a chance to visit, I created a survey on my website. What I learned is this: These tariffs are deeply damaging to these businesses in ways that those who promoted them perhaps never even contemplated. Hundreds of thousands of jobs may be in jeopardy because of these tariffs. For example, HarleyDavidson, a company that I was able to bring to Kansas City during my term as mayor, suddenly announced that they were closing the plant and moving overseas. They left nearly 1,000 workers unemployed overnight. Now, just imagine, if you multiply that around the country, what kind of instability has been created. Mr. Speaker, I hope that this administration will recognize that these tariffs are unstable to the community and then move to end this trade war today. f 
ANGELS IN ADOPTION (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Brian Kelly from Jacksonville, Florida, who has been named a 2018 Angels in Adoption honoree. This Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute award recognizes and honors outstanding individuals who have made contributions to the adoption community. For more than 25 years, Brian Kelly has worked as an adoption attorney. Through his work at his law firm and at Jacksonville Legal Aid, Brian has touched, literally, thousands of lives promoting adoption in northeast Florida. He has also worked with the Florida bar to encourage the practice of adoption laws across the State. In addition to his professional work, Brian has devoted his life to serving his community, whether it be serving his church or chairing the board of directors at Angelwood, a center in Jacksonville that provides services to people with developmental disabilities. Brian has dedicated countless hours in service to others. I have had the opportunity to get to know Brian throughout his work, and I am pleased to honor him today on behalf of the many grateful families of northeast Florida. I commend Brian Kelly for this muchdeserved honor of being named a 2018 Angels in Adoption honoree. 
b1300 YWCA (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the YWCA USA as they celebrate their 160th anniversary. With a mission that is dedicated to eliminating racism, empowering women, and promoting peace, justice, freedom, and dignity for all, the YWCA is exactly the kind of organization we need today. It provides leadership development programs for young women in topics ranging from economic empowerment to engaging young girls in STEM fields. From its humble beginnings, the YWCA now operates 1,300 program sites across 47 States and the District of Columbia, serving over 2 million women, girls, and their families. It has been at the forefront of social progress, from civil rights to voting rights, to equal pay, to healthcare reform. It is currently the largest network of providers to help victims of domestic violence or sexual assault. In my district, the YWCA in San Gabriel Valley serves nearly 4,000 people, annually, through its domestic violence program called WINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the YWCA for 160 years of great work. 
RECOGNIZING CARL WEATHERS (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of a remarkable man and a fellow west Texan, retired Texas Ranger Captain Carl A. Weathers, who passed away recently. Captain Weathers devoted his life’s work to serving his country and my home State of Texas first as a soldier in the United States Army, and then with an over 40year career in Texas law enforcement, beginning as a State trooper and rising to the rank of captain in the Texas Rangers. Throughout their long and storied history, the Rangers have remained the best of the best in Texas law enforcement. Captain Weathers carried out the Texas Rangers’ legacy in true west Texas fashion: with integrity, courage, and service to his fellow man. Along with his dedication to the Texas Rangers, Carl was a devoted husband and family man. To Carl’s family, I join you in celebrating a life welllived and trusting that he has heard those beautiful and powerful words from our glorious creator: ‘‘Well done, good and faithful servant.’’ RECOGNIZING FORMER U.N. HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR HUMAN RIGHTS PRINCE ZEID RA’AD AL HUSSEIN (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary work of the former United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Prince Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein, who left his post on September 1. His tireless efforts enabled him to become a voice for those who found themselves defenseless against those who abuse the human rights of others in order to gain and maintain power. High Commissioner Zeid was very helpful during the debate over the passage of H. Res. 128, supporting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. He not only publicly endorsed the resolution, but sent a representative during the critical negotiations to bring H. Res. 128 to the floor of the United States House of Representatives for a vote. Mr. Speaker, former United Nations High Commissioner Prince Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein will forever be remembered by the Ethiopian people for his role in the passage of H. Res. 128. f 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, as I travel through my district, the women of Orange County have expressed their support for policies that safeguard women and children, including the Violence Against Women Act. As the mother of two daughters, I share their support for this legislation and care deeply about ensuring the safety of all women. For 24 years, the Violence Against Women Act has provided lifesaving services for survivors of domestic and dating violence, sexual assault, and stalking. While I am pleased we passed a short term extension of the Violence Against Women Act, we must work together towards a longterm reauthorization that will allow us to continue to protect and support survivors. We owe it to survivors to ensure this law remains in place, and I will continue to work to make this happen. 
RECOGNIZING INDUCTEES OF THE ARKANSAS BLACK HALL OF FAME (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to rise today to congratulate the six Arkansans in the 2018 class of inductees of the Arkansas Black Hall of Fame. This year’s inductees include: Kevin Cole, a celebrated painter, printmaker, and sculptor; Brent Jennings, a prolific awardwinning actor and director; Lieutenant General Aundre Piggee, U.S. Army deputy chief of staff for logistics at the Pentagon; Darrell Walker, a former NBA player and current men’s basketball coach at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock; Mary Louise Williams, a legendary educator and political leader; and Florence Price, the first African American woman recognized as a symphonic composer and to have a composition played by a major orchestra. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize these six Arkansans who will join the Hall of Fame’s more than 140 members for their lasting contributions to our communities and our State. I congratulate these inductees who exemplify the spirit and dedication behind this fine honor. f 
THANKING ARMY SPECIALIST RYAN WILCOX AND HOMES FOR OUR TROOPS (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, Army Specialist Ryan Wilcox heroically served our Nation in two combat tours. Specialist Wilcox first deployed to Iraq as a combat engineer with the 479th Engineer Battalion. In 2007, he suffered a gunshot wound to his leg at that time. In 2012, he returned to Active Duty in Afghanistan with the 444th Engineer Battalion. During this tour, he suffered chronic pain resulting, ultimately, in the amputation of his right leg. Now retired, Specialist Wilcox is looking to start a new life in upstate New York with his fiancee, Sara, and their two children, Nicholas and Juliana. This Saturday, a terrific organization known as Homes for Our Troops will donate a specially adapted home in Mexico, New York, for Specialist Wilcox and his family. This home will allow him to navigate easily throughout his home so he can focus more on his family, finishing college, and continuing his work to help fellow veterans in need. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking Specialist Wilcox for his heroic service to our Nation, as well as honoring, congratulating, and thanking Homes for Our Troops for helping transform the lives of our Nation’s heroes like Ryan Wilcox and his family. 
HONORING MURRAY WATSON The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COMER ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Murray Watson, Jr., of Mart, Texas, who passed away on July 24, 2018. Murray was born in 1932 in Mart, Texas, to Murray Watson, Sr., and Ethel Bryson Watson. He graduated from Mart High School in 1949, from Baylor University with a bachelor’s degree in 1952, and a juris doctorate from Baylor in 1954. In 1957, he was elected to the Texas House of Representatives. In 1963, he was elected to the Texas Senate, where he served for 10 years. During his lifetime in elected office, Murray was involved in crafting and passing many pieces of influential legislation, including the establishment of what is now known as Texas State Technical College, a vocational school based in Waco, with campuses all across our State. Murray served as the school’s general counsel, and the Watson family’s contributions to the school are significant. Both Murray and his wife have buildings named in their honor on the TSTC campus in Waco. His passion for education extended long after his retirement from politics. He took a leading role in founding the Brazos Higher Education Authority and Brazos Higher Education Service Corporation, Inc., to help students fund their education. He also served as a trustee of the McLennan Community College Foundation. In 2017, he was named Baylor Lawyer of the Year for his commitment to education and his philanthropic spirit. Murray was a member of the Rotary Club of Waco, the Austin Avenue Methodist Church, the Baylor Masonic Lodge, the Waco Scottish Rite Consistory, the Order of the Eastern Star, the Baylor Law Alumni Association, the Baylor Bear Foundation, and the Baylor Founders Club. While Murray was committed to serving others, his role as a family man was the pride of his life. He allowed nothing to come between him and his family, including Greta, his wife of nearly 59 years, two children, a daughterinlaw, and two grandchildren. Murray also owned and operated the family’s ranch and historic feed store in Mart, Texas. Mr. Speaker, Murray’s life was defined by his service to those all around him. He worked tirelessly to better our community and families all across America. He will be forever remembered as a selfless servant, a husband, a father, a grandfather, and a friend to hundreds. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Watson family. We also lift up the family and friends of Murray Watson, Jr., in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Murray Watson, Jr. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women, and for our first responders. HONORING SHERIFF DAVID GREENE  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Milam County Sheriff David Greene of Cameron, Texas, who passed away on July 20, 2018. Sheriff Greene was born in 1952 in Sherman, Texas, to Oscar and Marguerite Greene. In 1996, he married Janell Rene Morin. He had three sons and was blessed with three grandsons. Sheriff Greene dedicated his life to public service in Texas. He served as a game warden for the Texas Park and Wildlife Service for almost 30 years before becoming a Milam County constable. In 2008, David was elected Milam County sheriff and was reelected for two additional 4year terms. Sheriff Greene went well beyond the call of duty in 2010 by establishing the Milam County Sheriff’s Office Brown Santa program to raise money to buy Christmas gifts for underprivileged children in Milam County. This year’s fundraiser was held just 8 days after Sheriff Greene’s passing and was the largest in the event’s history, a testament to Sheriff Greene’s character and his impact on Milam County. Mr. Speaker, Sheriff Greene’s life was defined by his service to those around him. He worked tirelessly to better our community. He will be forever remembered as a selfless public servant, a husband, a father, a grandfather, and a friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Greene family. We also lift up the family and friends of Sheriff David Greene in our prayers. I requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Sheriff David Greene. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Olive DeLucia of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on August 12, 2018. Olive was born on June 16, 1924, in Audubon, New Jersey. As a young woman during World War II, she served in the United States Naval Reserve in the Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service, more commonly known as the WAVES program. In 1958, she moved with her husband and two sons to BryanCollege Station, Texas. Once in Texas, Olive made a career working for Texas A&M University for 30 years. While working for The Association of Former Students, our alumni association, she served as the director of class programs and later oversaw the Traveling Aggies program, which gave her the ability to visit all seven continents. She was thanked for her service to the university with the President’s Distinguished Service Award and was named as a Fish Camp namesake. Even though she was only about 5 feet tall, she had immense wisdom. I remember the days that she would give me that look and tell me what I had done wrong or how to do things better, and I always paid attention to what Olive DeLucia told me to do. Mr. Speaker, Olive’s life was defined by her service to those around her. Her life enriched the lives of many. She will be forever remembered as a selfless servant, an Aggie, a mother, a grandmother, and a dear friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the entire DeLucia family. We also lift up the family and friends of Olive DeLucia in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Olive DeLucia. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who protect us overseas, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. HONORING GEORGE BOYETT  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor George Boyett of College Station, Texas, who passed away on September 7, 2018. George was born in 1935 and was a native of the Brazos Valley. He graduated from Stephen F. Austin High School in 1953 and attended Texas A&M University. At Texas A&M, he was a member of the Corps of Cadets, the Ross Volunteers, and the swim team. In 1957, he married his wife, Gaytha, at the Texas A&M All Faiths Chapel. Upon graduation in 1958, he served our country in the United States Army for 6 years before returning to College Station while continuing to serve in the Army Reserve. George was a successful businessman, forming local firms and companies before he was elected as a Brazos County justice of the peace in 1988. His precincts were redistricted and renumbered many times throughout his tenure, but he most recently served as the justice of the peace in precinct 3, which included much of the Texas A&M campus, before retiring in 2015. b1315 During his career as a judge, George taught at the National Judicial College and the Texas Department of Public Safety. He also served as a reserve sheriff’s deputy for the Burleson County Sheriff’s Office and as an associate judge for the city of College Station. His dedication to public service went far beyond law enforcement and the judiciary system. George was a dedicated volunteer within the Church of Jesus Christ of the LatterDay Saints and the Boy Scouts of America. After becoming an Eagle Scout as a young man, George continued his involvement in the Boy Scouts, serving at the troop, district, and council levels. He was awarded the Silver Buffalo by the Sam Houston Area Council and the National Outstanding Eagle Scout Award for his work in Boy Scouts. Mr. Speaker, George’s life was defined by his selfless service to those 
around him. He worked tirelessly to better our community through his capacity as a judge and his involvement with the Boy Scouts. He will be forever remembered as a selfless servant, a mentor, a husband, a father, a grandfather, a greatgrandfather, and a friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Boyett family. We also lift up the family and friends of George Boyett in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of George Boyett. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mary Fay Lucas Arnold of Bryan, Texas, who passed away on November 29, 2017. Mary was born in east Texas on November 17, 1920, to William and Cora Terrell. In 1943, in the midst of World War II, Mary decided to serve her Nation by joining the Women’s Army Corps. A few months later, she met William Everett ‘‘Bill’’ Lucas, and they married in January of 1944. After the war, Bill’s work took him, Mary, and their family to live in Haiti, Venezuela, and College Station, Texas. Upon retirement, Bill and Mary moved to Bryan, Texas. Bill passed away in 1972, and Mary later married T.H. ‘‘John’’ Arnold. Mary was active in serving the BryanCollege Station community. She was the assistant credit manager at Sears in Bryan and was one of the two oldest living members of the First Baptist Church in College Station. She was a member of the Order of the Eastern Star and belonged to the American Legion and the VFW Auxiliary. Mr. Speaker, Mary’s life was defined by her selfless service to those around her. She was loved by her community and, certainly, left an enduring legacy. She will be forever remembered as a veteran, community leader, wife, mother, grandmother, greatgrandmother, greatgreatgrandmother, and a dear friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Lucas and Arnold families. We also lift up the family and friends of Mary Fay Lucas Arnold in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Mary Arnold. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor James Robert Beamon of Edge, Texas, who turned 100 years old on September 15, 2018. Mr. Beamon, who is known as Bob to his friends, was born in Eufala, Alabama. His family moved to Goliad, Texas, when he was 2 years old. In true Texas style, he would ride his horse to school with his younger brother. As a young man in the 1930s, he attended a house dance, where he met Annie Juanita Clifton. Annie and Bob were married on December 13, 1937, and were married for 74 years. At the outbreak of World War II, Bob was drafted into military service. Although he could have opted to defer, Bob went on to serve in the United States Navy as a gunner for the PB4Y– 2 Privateer patrol plane in the 106th Squadron, the Fighting Wolverines. Bob flew 17 missions for the Navy in the war’s Pacific theater before returning to the United States. After his service, he came home and raised five children with Annie, four sons and one daughter. He worked for more than 60 years in the painting business and eventually owned his own company. Now retired, Bob enjoys making Wahoo game boards for his family, visiting military museums, and, until recently, enjoyed hunting and fishing. Recently, Bob celebrated his 100th birthday with dozens of friends and several generations of his family. He recounted many stories from his military service days and played with his greatgrandson, Rage, who turned 1 year old also on September 15. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Bob on this joyous occasion, and I know that his family and friends love him and are proud of him. I wish him many more years of health and happiness. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor Bob Beamon’s 100th birthday. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. HONORING AIR MED 12  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize CHI St. Joseph’s Hospital Air Med 12 team for their outstanding achievements in providing lifesaving services for residents of the Brazos Valley. In May of 2005, PHI Air Medical formed Air Med 12, the first air medical program to serve the Brazos Valley. Prior to this time, the only air medical support was available from Houston, with response times of more than an hour. For patients in the Brazos Valley, such wait times made air medical support an unrealistic solution to their health emergencies. PHI partnered with St. Joseph’s Hospital, which was looking to expand services within their trauma center. Just a few months later, in August 2005, Air Med 12 would lead a group of four helicopters into New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina. These would be the first civilian medical helicopters in the city after the storm passed. Subsequent hurricane response teams have used Air Med 12’s leadership and example to improve medical care for storm survivors. Disaster response is not the only way Air Med 12 has revolutionized air medical support. In 2008, three members of the Air Med 12 team were tragically lost in an accident outside of Huntsville. Since that loss, the Air Med 12 team has become involved in improving safety standards for all air medical support that include increased weather minimums, the use of night vision goggles on every flight, and national collaboration amongst air medical providers. Air Med 12 has shaped more than just air medical support in the Brazos Valley. Their group values development of clinical education and collaboration with the Texas A&M College of Medicine’s School of Rural Public Health and College of Nursing have brought a high standard of healthcare across central Texas and the Brazos Valley. The impact of Air Med 12 cannot be understated. In 2018 alone, they have transported 23 critical pediatric patients to specialty hospitals, administered 27 units of blood to patients either directly at the scene or at rural hospitals, and, in August, completed a record number of 48 flights in one month. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor Air Med 12 and CHI St. Joseph’s Hospital for the work they have done to provide the Brazos Valley with improved emergency medical care. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor Air Med 12. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and woman who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
D.C. STATEHOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, it is probably appropriate that you will be hearing on this last full day before the midterms about statehood for the District of Columbia. I am going to speak about why that is the appropriate way for us to go into midterms, as I represent 700,000 Americans who are number one—please remember this number—number one in taxes paid to support the Federal Government, but also have the distinction of having no final vote on this House floor and having no representation in the Senate of the United States. It is very clear—if you want a history lesson, I am not going to offer that lesson in the time allotted to me this afternoon—but it is absolutely clear 
that the Framers and the Founders of our country did not go to war with the slogan of ‘‘Taxation Without Representation’’ in order to allow that slogan to apply everywhere but in their Nation’s Capital. For that reason, we want to thank the Democrats, almost the full caucus, who have already become cosponsors of the D.C. statehood bill. I hasten to add that I do not yet have my Republican friends. I believe that will occur. Meanwhile, Democrats have to plow ahead. I must thank my colleagues for the support they have given me, because we are very close to 100 percent here in the House on our DC statehood bill. I have to offer my thanks as well to Senator TOMCARPER , because he is the lead sponsor in the Senate, and he has gotten more than 60 percent of the Democrats in the Senate to support D.C. statehood. If I could mention the last Democrat before we go home—and there will still be time before the end of this session for the few who remain off the bill—I do want to thank ERICSWALWELL , because he is the last one before we go home. I had sent out a message: Don’t go home without signing for D.C. statehood. He heard that message. There will be a few stragglers. I mention stragglers because when I meet people who aren’t on the bill, they say: Oh, my goodness, I thought I was on the bill. So that doesn’t mean that because we don’t have 100 percent, we can’t get 100 percent. It just means Members overlook it and haven’t yet come onto the bill. So we will get to you before the end of the 115th Congress. I also want to explain, particularly since we don’t have Republican cosponsors yet, that signing onto the bill is going to help the District of Columbia, in any case, because we are the first to concede, with no Republican sponsors yet, that D.C. statehood is an uphill climb. I am here today to say we are prepared to make that climb. I think we are showing that, as I so indicate. Getting cosponsors is going to help us in the next Congress. We are almost sure it is going to help us to get what the Congress can give us now, even without statehood, as more people awaken to the injustice of Americans who don’t have democratic representation—a small ‘‘d’’—in their Congress. b1330 It is going to help us get incrementally to statehood. For example, the District’s local laws, even its final budget raised entirely in the District of Columbia, have to come here and be signed off by the Congress. That is an insult to us, frankly. Most Members aren’t interested, don’t know anything about DC’s local laws or budgets. A waste of time. That is the kind of thing that, even without statehood, I think we can get in the short run and getting more cosponsors for statehood can only help us get that. I do want to mention what my colleagues already know. There is not a poll, not a single poll, that does not show that Democrats will, in fact, be in the majority in the next Congress. That means, at the very least, the uphill climb will begin, even if statehood is not around the corner. If ever there was an incentive for District residents to keep going in the streets, going around the Congress to get statehood cosponsors, this chart shows it. This chart illustrates what I have just said about the District of Columbia’s paying the highest Federal taxes in the United States. If you live in California, to name a big State, if you live in New York—and I can go down the line—we do have a chart that shows where each State ranks. They are all beneath the District of Columbia. What am I talking about? Almost $12,000 per resident in taxes paid by the people I represent to support the government that does not give them full representation. I don’t have all the States listed here, but you can see how the line goes down until it gets to Mississippi, which has the lowest Federal taxes, whose citizens pay the lowest Federal taxes in the United States. Yet Mississippi has two Senators, I don’t remember how many Representatives, paying far lower taxes to support the Federal Government than the Americans I represent, yet they have full representation in the House and the Senate. So, some may say, well, you’ve got 700,000 residents. Is that a lot of people? It is more residents than two of the States. Vermont and Wyoming each has one Representative, just like D.C., except that Representative can vote on this floor, and two Senators. But Vermont and Wyoming are representative of about seven States in the United States that have about the same number of residents as the District of Columbia. I picked these two out only because they rank below DC. We are equal in population or near equal in population to seven States. Perhaps it can be understood when you see that ranking, not to mention the ranking on per capita taxes, why we seek statehood for the District of Columbia. This is not the first time I have sought statehood. I did so when I first came to the Congress. In 1993, I got the first and only vote on statehood. Let me tell you the results of that vote and why it is important that that threshold has been laid. I was new to the House, and even the most fervent advocates for statehood did not predict that the vote would be 153 for statehood, 277 against. So I come, candidly, to tell you that we have gone on the floor for statehood before, and we didn’t get it. Indeed, only 40 percent of the Democrats supported us. How could that be when you say, Congresswoman NORTON , that you have almost all of the Democrats now on the bill? The difference, of course, is that it was a very different Congress. For 40 years, the Democrats had control of the Congress, and that was in no small part because of Southern Democrats. By the way, Southern Democrats voted with the District on many, many bills. And in many ways, I would welcome them back. But, of course, they were more conservative Democrats than the Democrats now in the House. Democrats fully recognize that when we get the majority—and I say ‘‘when’’ and not ‘‘if,’’ because I fully expect we will have the majority in the next Congress—that there will be some Democrats who are more conservative than I am and perhaps than the average Member of the House, and that is to be expected, if you want to be in the majority. So I am not lamenting that we got only 40 percent in that first and only statehood vote. I am trying to make the case how votes come and why they come. We were very proud of that vote, because it was many more than had been predicted. There was dancing in the House galleries up there because the vote came far above what the press was predicting the District was going to get and what even the District and its residents were predicting. I hasten to add that, as I have already shown, the District is already a State in all but name and representation in this Congress. For example, when time comes for appropriation, unlike the territories—and I do want to distinguish us from the territories— they are our sisters in many ways, but Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, and the rest don’t pay Federal income taxes, so note that difference. Some of them—in fact, almost none of them have come forward to request statehood. There is now some interest in statehood by Puerto Rico. But the reason that most of the territories don’t come forward and ask for statehood is very clear. There is a quid pro quo for them. In exchange for not paying Federal taxes, they don’t have the votes in Congress. We pay Federal taxes, and we have no vote in Congress, making us unique in the union. So, my friends, or at least virtually all my friends, in the territories don’t even ask for statehood. Sometimes they say, yes, we want statehood, but they understand that, for them, it is more difficult. It is certainly true that, this late in the history of the United States, one has to wonder why the word ‘‘territory’’ is there and to hope for equality for the residents of the territories. That has to be up to them, so I don’t come here to speak for them. I only want for them to be treated equally with other Americans. When I say the District is already a State in ways that many count as 
States, I even point to how the House does its appropriation. The District gets a per capita appropriation, in other words, based on our population. So if our population is 700,000, we will get the same as others who have that population. It is not true for the territories. Their basic complaint is that they do get Federal funding, but they don’t get the per capita funding that States get. There is a reason D.C. gets that per capita funding. It is because of tax funding we give to support our government. So the government has recognized the District’s contributions in some ways. It simply has not given us the representation that a democratic country owes all its citizens. Some may believe that the reason the District does not have statehood is that it needs help from the Federal Government. Far from it. It is the District that helps the Federal Government because of the strength of the city’s local economy. That local economy outstrips in its strength many of the local economies of the States. For example, the District’s own local budget is more than $12 billion. That is larger than the budget of 12 States that already have full representation in this Congress. These days it is hard to find a sizable surplus in the States, but the District’s surplus is almost $200 billion. That is money that the District puts away in taxes and other revenue it gets, mostly from its own citizens. That would make it, just that surplus, the envy of the country. The District’s per capita income is higher than the per capita income of any State. This is not a poor city asking for help from the Federal Government. This is a city that helps the Federal Government with taxes paid without representation. That taxation without representation is, of course, the largest grievance. But it is also true that Republicans, who fancy themselves the local control party in the Congress, try their very best here in the House and in the Senate to take away what home rule or selfgovernment that the District now has. The District, in 1974, after almost 100 years, got the right to elect its own Mayor and city council. The last time it had that right, Republicans were in charge right after the Civil War when the Republicans gave the District what we call home rule. It is Democrats who took away that local selfgovernment. It is the Democrats, my party, who were in charge most of the years we were without local government, that took it away. Many of them were more conservative or Southern Democrats. But there is no escaping that they were Democrats, and they were often in control of this House. So, Republicans who come to this floor on both sides to argue even against Federal intervention even that is authorized by the Constitution and by Federal law. Isn’t it amazing that the party of local control would persistently interfere with the local control that the District of Columbia has had since 1973, but that is what we see. I just want to cite not all but to give examples of some of this interference and to indicate why I think this interference takes place, because it doesn’t take place as to the laws of the District of Columbia. What this does mean is that the Congress uses the fact that the District does not have statehood to intrude itself to try to overturn some laws in the District of Columbia that they happen to disagree with. b1345 Now, the District of Columbia is a big city. Like most big cities, even within the States, it is more progressive than other parts of our country. So, although they have nothing to gain, Republicans try to make political points back home by intruding and trying to take away laws passed by the D.C. Council. I want to give examples of some of those laws and even to indicate some of the Members who helped me get rid of the attempts to overturn our laws. For example, our laws that have legalized recreational marijuana, that makes D.C. one of nine jurisdictions. Now, that is controversial, but the Congress has done nothing about those States that have departed from Federal law and legalized marijuana. The Republican Congress has done nothing about it. But each and every Congress, the Congress keeps the District of Columbia from commercializing marijuana. I say ‘‘commercializing’’ because those States are now taxing marijuana. Marijuana is consumed everywhere in the United States. Nobody gets arrested for it anymore. So these States have simply said, ‘‘What is pro forma law shall be law, and we will tax marijuana.’’ Well, the District of Columbia passed a law to legalize marijuana, and Republicans made an attempt to undermine that law, simply erase it. They were not very smart in the way they did it, and, thus, 2 ounces of marijuana is still legal to possess in the District of Columbia. And it is interesting that, as marijuana laws have become more widespread in the United States, Republicans have not come back and attempted, yet again, to overturn our marijuana law. The reason that the District was adamant about our marijuana law is the enormous disparities between who got arrested for marijuana offenses, which are misdemeanors but give you a record. They turned out to be largely African Americans. So we did not have the usual recreational marijuana reason for wanting to legalize marijuana. We had an additional reason of great importance to our city. Republicans failed to overturn the law, but they left us without the ability to commercialize marijuana, and look what that has done. That means that as The Washington Post reported—and we call them ‘‘riders.’’ ‘‘This amendment is a ‘‘license,’’ quoting a drug dealer, for me to print money.’’ Some call it the ‘‘Drug Dealer Protection Act’’ because, with no ability to commercialize marijuana, the drug dealers have not gone out of business here as they have in the States that have legalized and commercialized marijuana. I want to name just a few other examples. We have a bill. Only one State—and two other localities have similar bills. It is called the ‘‘Reproductive Health Nondiscrimination Act.’’ It says that you can’t discriminate against one of your own employees or families based on the reproductive health decisions they make. The Republicans are deep into the business of individuals by looking at such matters. For example, firing or declining to hire a woman for having had an abortion, even if it was due to rape—and maybe that is why they knew about it in the first place because I don’t understand how you could even know about such private business—or declining to hire a woman for using in vitro fertilization. Now, the reason that you have the District of Columbia and two other cities with similar laws is there have been some matters brought to the attention of their local legislature. This is an amendment, unlike the marijuana commercialization law, that I have been able to get removed, but it is an example of one that continues to come back. One of the most troubling is the District’s abortion law. Mr. Speaker, 17 States use their own local funds on abortion for poor women. Federal funds for abortions have long been barred by the Congress, so these 17 States spend their own funds, except for the District of Columbia, which to this day cannot do so. There is a local nonprofit organization which helps women because of this amendment, but you can see what I mean about intruding in the most private of affairs. I am not asking people to support the choices made by the District of Columbia. I am certainly not asking the Congress to do that. I am asking Congress to get out of our lives, to give us equality by our own citizens in choosing our laws, however controversial. Another example that is controversial—and I point this out because our laws sometimes are controversial and because other States have passed similarly controversial laws. It is called, ‘‘D.C.’s Death with Dignity Act.’’ The Congress has tried to bar, unsuccessfully, the District law that is law in six other States that allows selfadministered lethal medication for people who have 6 months to live and who doctors have said are in such terrible pain or misery that these people, not the doctors, should be allowed to give themselves a lethal medication. 
Talking about a private matter. I don’t know where most Americans stand on this. I am told that most approve it, by the way. But I know where the people I represent stand, and I know it is up to them and only them, and it offers another reason why we fight for statehood. Look, I have been able to keep this attempt to take away our law, our D.C. Death with Dignity Law from, in fact, becoming law. But it does give you an indication of the kind of continual fight that has to be made here for the District of Columbia, and this is in addition for all the work that I, like other Members, have to do on the national bills, the bills that are legitimately introduced in this House. I suppose at least one more ought to be mentioned. How could I not? That is, the District has a local budget autonomy law. Republicans tried to abolish it. It gives the District the ability to have its local law go into effect without coming here to the Congress where they do nothing about it except try to use it as a bill allowing them to attach what we call ‘‘riders.’’ If you want to do an amendment, there has to be a bill. So they want our budget over here so that they can do amendments like the one I just discussed on marijuana. Well, we want to get rid of that by giving the District budget autonomy so that its local laws will not have to come here in the first place. The Congress has tried to overturn the budget autonomy law and has been unsuccessful. The District went to court. The court said our local budget autonomy law was, in fact, constitutional and legal. Although the Congress has not overturned it—and we are grateful for that—the Congress does pass a law saying the District’s local budget is now law anyway. So you see how redundant that is? They don’t do anything about it, but they pass a provision and say, ‘‘We made it law. DC says it is already law.’’ But, you see, until we get to the point where they don’t have anything to say about our local budget, we will not be the equal of the States. What makes all of this interference particularly painful to the District of Columbia is how the District is viewed by those who have no axe to grind, and the best examples of those would be the rating agencies. For example, Moody’s has given the District a AAA rating. I would like to quote what Moody’s says about the District of Columbia and its economy and how its government is run. ‘‘The dynamism of the District’s economy has led to the largest population in 40 years and strong growth in the tax base. Financial governance’’—I repeat the words—‘‘Financial governance is exemplary. Reserves are robust.’’ Talking about people who have nothing to gain except seeing it as the data reports it. That was Moody’s speaking about how the District’s financial governance rates. Let me quote Standard & Poor’s. Here is what Standard & Poor’s has to say. This is very important because it is a critique, in effect, of this Congress. By the way, they have given DC a AAA rating. ‘‘We continue to have concerns about the role of the Federal Government in future District budgets. We view this as an ongoing factor that has a negative effect on the District’s finances and as a slight offset to the District’s otherwise very strong management practices.’’ In effect, what Standard & Poor’s is saying is it costs the District money— money in how the District pays—and I use that word advisedly—the District pays in dollars and cents because of congressional interference. And how the Congress interferes affects how investors view the District’s economy. b1400 It is a price to be paid, literally, in dollars and cents by the residents of the District of Columbia. Now, I do not want to be misunderstood. I do not stand here and say, if you don’t give us statehood, there is nothing we can do. But I do want to illustrate what we have to do. Yes, we have been successful sometimes in being treated equally with the States. For example, just look at last year. We had to defeat 15 attempts to overturn the District’s local laws. There were three attempts that we had to defeat to eliminate the District’s gun safety laws. This is the District of Columbia, where there are Members of the House and Senate, like Senator MARCO RUBIO, who continues to put in a bill that would eliminate every single gun law in the District of Columbia. Imagine what that would mean in the Nation’s Capital here, where some of the most controversial figures in the country and the world are seen on our streets, in our restaurants, and public places, if anybody can come in with a gun. Well, we have tight gun laws in this town. I have had to fight very hard, and, yes, we have succeeded even without statehood. That is no argument against statehood. That reinforces the notion that we need statehood because those things should not have happened, should not have taken my time on the floor or the time of residents to come here to say, please, don’t do this to us. There is another favorite of the Republicans: to put private school vouchers on the District of Columbia. Let me indicate why that is particularly outrageous. The District of Columbia does, in fact, have its public school system, and it has an almost equal number of students in what are called charter schools, which are not a part of the D.C. public schools. DC has done that on their own. When the education bill comes before the Congress, and a national charter school bill is, in fact, on the floor, some Members of Congress vote against charter schools while others favor them, except there are Members who don’t have charter schools. We have charter schools. We have improved our public schools as well, but they are our public schools. They are paid for by our tax dollars. However, there is always an education bill that has private school vouchers in it that we very much oppose private school vouchers because the jurisdiction has no control on how well the children are even doing in those schools. We do have that kind of control over how well children are doing in charter schools and in public schools. But if they go to any private schools—and some of these private schools are flybynight schools, but even those that are not are private and, therefore, not subject to regulation and oversight. So, when vouchers are a part of the education bill that comes before us every few years, vouchers for schools in the United States, that bill is voted down every time. So that makes the District of Columbia the only jurisdiction that does have private school vouchers; and we do have school vouchers, but they are for a very small number of students because most students choose our charter schools and our public schools. As I speak, I hope I will be successful. I believe I will be successful again in getting D.C. tuition access grants. Now, DC is unusual because the District does not have a university system. It simply has one public university. I have been able to get tuition assistance grants so that our youngsters go to universities and colleges in every State, all 50 States. And it is interesting, I do have a lot of support for this bill because there is not a Member that doesn’t have D.C. students going to college in their States. The Federal Government pays for the difference between what the student pays and the higher cost that would otherwise be charged as outofstate tuition, DC students pay the same in state tuition, and that has been a help. And it is help from the Federal Government, and it is supported by many Members in this Congress who know that their own public universities have benefited from it. I don’t maintain that we don’t get anything from the Federal Government. I have already indicated that we get the same per capita as the states, and I don’t indicate that if I don’t have statehood I can’t get any bills passed. People will come to the District of Columbia today and they will find, on both waterfronts, the Southeast waterfront, the Southwest waterfront—the Southeast waterfront is called Capital Riverfront; the Southwest waterfront, The Wharf. There are, essentially, whole new neighborhoods on those waterfronts. And, yes, I got those without statehood. But I dare Republicans to say, well, since you can get things like that for your District without statehood, what are you crying about? I am crying 
about taxes without representation is what I am crying about. Yes, I know we can get funds, for example, for things my legislation for the Arlington Memorial Bridge, which brings people from the south to the Nation’s Capital. Yes, I am grateful that, even in a Republican Congress, I have been able to get the Wharf bill passed. I have been able to get the Southeast waterfront bill, or Capital Riverfront as it is called, passed, that we got money for the Arlington Memorial Bridge. And I bring those up because I don’t want to hear, well, if you are able to get things done, what is your problem? My problem is what I have been discussing here. It is undoing what our city has done, undemocratically, and it is failure to give us the same representation in the Congress of the United States as every other taxpaying American. Yes, sometimes I have to do the very unusual. There is a tax bill, for example, that just went through here. It is interesting to note it is not very popular with the American people, and I certainly was against it. I couldn’t vote for it or against it. But if there is a bill going through here and I can find a way to get my District in it, I am going to try and get in it. So there are parts of this bill that promote incentives and investment in some of our lowincome parts of the city, that promote private and affordable housing in the District of Columbia, so I am in the tax bill. But I opposed the tax bill. In that way, I am like many other Democrats who voted ‘‘no’’ on this floor but, yet, tried to get in the bill and did get in the bill. That is how the Congress works. Finally, nothing makes the case for D.C. statehood better than this chart showing the District war casualties in the 20th century when we fought our major wars: in World War I, more casualties than three States. Korean War, by that time it had gone up to more casualties than 8 States. By World War II, we were seeing more casualties than four States. Remember, the District is smaller than most States. And the Vietnam War, perhaps the very worst, more casualties than 10 States. Since then, we have eliminated the draft, but this chart and these tombstones make the best case for equal treatment for the residents of the District of Columbia. Even as I speak, the residents of this city have volunteered and serve in a volunteer army. These statistics illustrate the United States when we had a draft. So we don’t have a draft now, and, yet, District residents are found in every part of the country—forgive me—every part of the world where our troops are. It is time that our country recognized our city and its residents and, particularly, those who now serve, those who served before them, and those who have died in service of their country. We are now in the 21st century. It seems impossible we have gotten here: 217 years since the District of Columbia has been the Nation’s Capital; 217 years of inequality in your own country; 217 years of paying taxes without representation; 217 years of going to war without benefit of equal treatment even by those who served. This is why, for those reasons, the residents, the American citizens I represent, cannot possibly give up on seeking equal treatment: first, by perfecting what is called home rule, or selfgovernment; but certainly, by becoming a State like every other State, by no longer being treated, as Frederick Douglass said, as aliens, not citizens, but subjects. We are Americans. That is why we insist that the American citizens in the District of Columbia become citizens of the 51st State of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
APPOINTMENT OF INDIVIDUALS TO THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS TRUST FUND BOARD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 1 of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board Act (2 U.S.C. 154), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a 5year term: Mr. Lawrence Peter Fisher, Chevy Chase, Maryland Mr. Gregory Paul Ryan, Hillsborough, California 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 28, 2018. Speaker PAULRYAN, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN: After a great deal of thought and prayer, I have decided to accept West Virginia Governor Jim Justice’s appointment to immediately take the oath of office to serve as a Justice on the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals. During this time of crisis, I hope to help restore the public’s trust and confidence in our state’s highest court. In order to ensure justice is administered fairly and without bias or conflict, I must resign my seat in the ‘‘People’s House’’ of the United States Congress so I may begin serving the citizens of West Virginia as a Justice on the ‘‘People’s Court.’’ I wish to sincerely thank the people of West Virginia’s 3rd Congressional District for the distinct honor and opportunity they provided me to serve and represent them these past four years. My outstanding congressional staff, district field staff and constituents service representatives are available, ready and committed to continue assisting the citizens of southern West Virginia until a new Member of Congress is elected. Please accept this letter as my resignation effective at midnight, September 30, 2018. Sincerely, EVANH. J ENKINS , Member of Congress. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, September 28, 2018. Governor JIMJUSTICE , State of West Virginia, Charleston, WV. DEARGOVERNOR JUSTICE : After a great deal of thought and prayer, I have decided to accept West Virginia Governor Jim Justice’s appointment to immediately take the oath of office to serve as a Justice on the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals. During this time of crisis, I hope to help restore the public’s trust and confidence in our state’s highest court. In order to ensure justice is administered fairly and without bias or conflict, I must resign my seat in the ‘‘People’s House’’ of the United States Congress so I may begin serving the citizens of West Virginia as a Justice on the ‘‘People’s Court.’’ I wish to sincerely thank the people of West Virginia’s 3rd Congressional District for the distinct honor and opportunity they provided me to serve and represent them these past four years. My outstanding congressional staff, district field staff and constituents service representatives are available, ready and committed to continue assisting the citizens of southern West Virginia until a new Member of Congress is elected. Please accept this letter as my resignation effective at midnight, September 30, 2018. Sincerely, EVANH. J ENKINS , Member of Congress. f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1768. An act to reauthorize and amend the National Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology; in addition, to the Committee on Natural Resources; and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. S. 3170. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain service providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4854. An act to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 791. An act to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property education and training for small businesses, and for other purposes. S. 1668. An act to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’. S. 2554. An act to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees. S. 2559. An act to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, and for other purposes. S. 3479. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 27, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 6157. Making consolidated appropriations for the Departments of Defense, Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, October 2, 2018, at 12:30 p.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5175 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota (for himself and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H.R. 6964. A bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce; considered and passed. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6965. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey the Mancos Project features to the Mancos Water Conservancy District in the State of Colorado; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PALAZZO (for himself and Mr. PETERSON ): H.R. 6966. A bill to establish a regulatory system for marine aquaculture in the United States exclusive economic zone, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 6967. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to prohibit sewage dumping into the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6968. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain Bureau of Land Management land in Daggett County, Utah, to the State of Utah for public purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. EMMER (for himself and Mrs. WALORSKI ): H.R. 6969. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide that floor plan financing includes the financing of certain trailers and campers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and Mr. SUOZZI ): 
H.R. 6970. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require public disclosure of individual tax returns of candidates for President and Vice President of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 6971. A bill to prohibit immediate family members of heads of certain agencies and departments from soliciting or otherwise raising funds from certain foreign entities; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Ms. M OORE , and Mr. CLEAVER ): H.R. 6972. A bill to require the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to meet its statutory purpose, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 6973. A bill to provide temporary safe harbor for the tax treatment of hard forks of convertible virtual currency in the absence of administrative guidance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 6974. A bill to provide a safe harbor from licensing and registration for certain noncontrolling blockchain developers and providers of blockchain services; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MAST: H.R. 6975. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to allow States and units of local government to purchase equipment suitable for school security activities through the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 6976. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to deny the deduction for executive compensation unless the employer maintains profitsharing distributions for employees; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6977. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to prohibit the stigmatization of children who are unable to pay for meals; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H.R. 6978. A bill to regulate certain State taxation of interstate commerce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mr. CURTIS , and Mr. S TEWART ): H.R. 6979. A bill to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo Nation in Utah, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUM (for himself and Ms. JUDYCHUof California): H.R. 6980. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage for custom fabricated breast prostheses following a mastectomy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6981. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income of certain amounts received as pensions by retired law enforcement officers who volunteer as school resource officers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. GRIJALVA , and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): H.R. 6982. A bill to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. JONES , and Ms. S TEFANIK ): H.R. 6983. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make public the names and addresses of foreign persons contributing $50,000 or more to certain taxexempt organizations and to require disclosure of foreign campaign contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 6984. A bill to add suicide prevention resources to school identification cards; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 6985. A bill to establish an Intercountry Adoption Advisory Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 6986. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act with respect to nursing facility requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 6987. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for certain requirements relating to charges for internet, television, and voice services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. HURD, Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. LANCE ): H.R. 6988. A bill to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6989. A bill to restrict certain Federal assistance benefits to individuals verified to be citizens of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 6990. A bill to create portable retirement and investment accounts for all Americans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. CARBAJAL , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 6991. A bill to provide for the upgrade of the vehicle fleet of the United States Postal Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. MOOLENAAR , and Mr. C UELLAR ): H.R. 6992. A bill to reauthorize the Chemical Facility AntiTerrorism Standards Program of the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6993. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans and dependents who were stationed at military installations at which the veterans and dependents were exposed to perfluorooctanoic acid or other per and polyfluoroalkyl substances, to provide for a presumption of service connection for certain veterans who were stationed at military installations at which the veterans were exposed to such substances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself and Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6994. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans, members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces, and dependents who were stationed at Wurtsmith Air Force Base in Oscoda, Michigan, and were exposed to volatile organic compounds, to provide for a presumption of service connection for those veterans and members of the reserve components, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. KIND): H.R. 6995. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish a prize competition on programs to prepare high school students for careers in indemand industry sectors or occupations; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. STIVERS, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. RENACCI ): H.R. 6996. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to deliver notice of the denial of claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary by certified mail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 6997. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize provision to a foreign government of financial assistance for foreign country operations to address individuals who may pose a national security, border security, or terrorist threat to the United States before such a threat reaches the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. D ONOVAN, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. GAETZ , and Mr. Z ELDIN ): H.R. 6998. A bill to support security and law enforcement training and cooperation between the United States and Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6999. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income gain the sale of land and/or other qualified real property interests in sales for conservation purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 7000. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for increased 
economic opportunities for Native American tribes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 7001. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a combined Medicare part B and D drug outof pocket costs limitation; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 7002. A bill to amend the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act to clarify the applicability of such Act to electronic records, electronic signatures, and smart contracts created, stored, or secured on or through a blockchain, to provide uniform national standards regarding the legal effect, validity, and enforceability of such records, signatures, and contracts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. FORTENBERRY ): H.R. 7003. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a health insurance Federal Invisible Risk Sharing Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 7004. A bill to amend the Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 with respect to the definition of agricultural commodities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. SHEAPORTER (for herself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. NOLAN , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi): H.R. 7005. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to identify and declare wildlife disease emergencies and to coordinate rapid response to these emergencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 7006. A bill to address the concept of ‘‘Too Big To Fail’’ with respect to certain financial entities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 7007. A bill to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to study State efforts to regulate certain uses of nitrous oxide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself and Ms. BASS): H.R. 7008. A bill to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to modify the Trafficking in Persons report to include research on the relationship between human trafficking and skewed sex ratios in national or subnational populations in which there is evidence of sexselective practices, including, but not limited to, infanticide, gender biased neglect, or other forms of gender based violence or discrimination; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. WALDEN: H. Res. 1099. A resolution providing for the concurrence by the House in the Senate amendment to H.R. 6, with an amendment; considered and agreed to. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. GUTHRIE , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. MITCHELL ): H. Res. 1100. A resolution designating September 2018 as ‘‘National Workforce Development Month’’ and recognizing the necessity of investing in workforce development to support workers and to help employers succeed in a global economy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. CURBELO of Florida): H. Res. 1101. A resolution affirming the historical relationship between the United States and the Kingdom of Morocco, condemning the recent provocative actions of the Polisario Front and its foreign supporters, and encouraging efforts by the United Nations to reach a peaceful resolution of the Western Sahara conflict; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. EMMER (for himself, Mr. SOTO, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. MCHENRY ): H. Res. 1102. A resolution expressing support for digital currencies and blockchain technology; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. AL GREEN of Texas): H. Res. 1103. A resolution expressing support for designation of July as National Sarcoma Awareness Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. POEof Texas, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. MEEKS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. M OORE , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. TITUS, Mr. VELA, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. BEATTY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C LAY, Mr. CLEAVER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DEMINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. EVANS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. LEE, Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. V ARGAS ): H. Res. 1104. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of October as ‘‘National Domestic Violence Awareness Month’’ and expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence and its devastating effects on individuals, families, and communities, and support programs designed to end domestic violence in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. STEWART, Mr. C URTIS , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah): H. Res. 1105. A resolution designating Salt Lake City, Utah, as the western center of the centennial commemoration of the 19th amendment to the Constitution, in coordination with Better Days 2020, and designating Cheyenne, Wyoming, Denver, Colorado, Helena, Montana, and Seneca Falls, New York, as sister cities in those celebrations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. S OTO, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. RASKIN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi): H. Res. 1106. A resolution supporting the designation of October 6, 2018, as National Ostomy Awareness Day; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. PASCRELL ): H. Res. 1107. A resolution supporting the designation of National Secure Your Load Day; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself, Mr. POLIS, and Mr. E MMER ): H. Res. 1108. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that blockchain has incredible potential that must be nurtured through support for research and development and a thoughtful and innovationfriendly regulatory approach; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SUOZZI: H. Res. 1109. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the second Monday in October as ‘‘Columbus Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota: H.R. 6964. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6965. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. PALAZZO: H.R. 6966. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 6967. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6968. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 By Mr. EMMER: H.R. 6969. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
States Constitution, as this legislation provides for the general welfare ofthe United States. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6991. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 6992. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government ofthe United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6993. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6994. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6995. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6996. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Executive the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 6997. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6998. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 11: To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offenses against the Law of Nations; And Article I Section 8 Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6999. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1, Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution which reads: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defense and General Welfare of the United States; but all Duties and Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 7000. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 7001. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 7002. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the legislative powers granted to Congress by that clause to ‘‘regulate commerce . . . among the several States, Article 1; Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 7003. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia: H.R. 7004. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. SHEAPORTER: H.R. 7005. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 7006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 7007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitutional Authority of the United States Congress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 7008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 10 Amendment XIII (relating to slavery and involuntary servitude) f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 76: Mr. C LOUD . H.R. 559: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 592: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 671: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 714: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 715: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 778: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 930: Mr. SIMPSON . H.R. 1017: Mr. TROTT , Ms. G RANGER , Mrs. DINGELL , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Ms. GABBARD , and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 1111: Ms. FUDGE . H.R. 1205: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 1291: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 1300: Mr. COOPER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. CLEAVER . H.R. 1318: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 1437: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1447: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 1456: Mr. TURNER and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1467: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 1515: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 1552: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1602: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1612: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1661: Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 1906: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 1957: Mr. CLAY, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, Mr. RICHMOND , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 2015: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2119: Mr. CLAY, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2212: Mr. GROTHMAN and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 2315: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2355: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2358: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. YOHO, Mr. U PTON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. WALKER , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. CRIST, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. S IMPSON . H.R. 2431: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 2472: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 2476: Mr. NADLER . H.R. 2498: Mr. RICHMOND . H.R. 2640: Mr. VELA, Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2644: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2801: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 2902: Mr. SABLAN . H.R. 2911: Ms. TITUS and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 2925: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. KATKO . H.R. 2926: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2957: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 2972: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3325: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. F LORES , Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 3378: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 3415: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 3909: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 4022: Ms. ROSEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4099: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 4107: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. WELCH , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 4143: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 4206: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4209: Ms. LEE. H.R. 4265: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4271: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 4444: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 4622: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4647: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. WITTMAN , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. LIPINSKI , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. R USH, and Mr. T URNER. H.R. 4732: Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. BROWNLEY of Cali fornia. H.R. 4953: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4957: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 5062: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 5108: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. E VANS , Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. SOTO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L EWIS of Geor gia, and Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 5129: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 5142: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 5143: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 5156: Mr. SARBANES . H.R. 5199: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 5306: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5409: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 5431: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 5533: Ms. SPEIER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. LIPINSKI , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 5541: Mr. POCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massa chusetts, and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 5545: Ms. MATSUI and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 5561: Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. VELA, Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. GAETZ , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. B ASS, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B RAT, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 5780: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 5814: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5856: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 5879: Mr. VELA, Ms. B ASS, Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. K HANNA , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C RIST, Mr. B ACON , Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. MEADOWS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. A MODEI , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Ms. LEE, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. LONG, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. GRANGER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. C HENEY, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mrs. ROBY. H.R. 5911: Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor ida, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. DEGETTE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. H IMES, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. KILMER , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. LOFGREN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. N ADLER, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. RASKIN , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. S ERRANO , MS. SHEAPORTER , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. S OTO, Mr. SUOZZI , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis sissippi, Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. WALZ, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R USH, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 5955: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Ms. HANABUSA , Mrs. R OBY, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 6016: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 6028: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 6033: Mr. CLAY, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 6048: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 6060: Ms. ESHOO and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 6114: Mr. LANCE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 6268: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 6274: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 6292: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 6413: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 6466: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 6471: Mrs. WAGNER and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 6505: Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C LAY, Mr. THOMPSON of California, and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 6510: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. R USH. H.R. 6525: Mr. MCNERNEY and Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 6542: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 6557: Mr. BARTON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. HUNTER , and Mr. M ASSIE . H.R. 6594: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6622: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 6629: Mr. PAYNE and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 6635: Mr. RENACCI , Mr. F ASO, and Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 6649: Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. L EE, and Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 6664: Ms. TENNEY and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 6681: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 6714: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 6722: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 6772: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 6793: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. LIPINSKI , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 6833: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 6840: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 6873: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 6876: Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6877: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 6880: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 6888: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 6890: Mr. GAETZ , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mrs. M CMORRISRODGERS . 
H.R. 6898: Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 6900: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 6909: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 6927: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 6953: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.J. Res. 140: Mr. GARAMENDI , Ms. DELAURO , and Ms. P INGREE . H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. HUFFMAN , and Mr. N ADLER . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. SWALWELL of Cali fornia and Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 213: Mr. GALLEGO . H. Res. 342: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 864: Mrs. TORRES and Mr. R USSELL . H. Res. 910: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 975: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H. Res. 993: Mr. KIHUEN . H. Res. 1031: Ms. BONAMICI . H. Res. 1035: Mr. LAMBORN . H. Res. 1043: Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. RENACCI , and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H. Res. 1055: Mr. PERRY . H. Res. 1065: Mr. POLIS. H. Res. 1087: Mr. BUCHANAN . H. Res. 1093: Ms. MCSALLY and Mr. VALADAO . H. Res. 1095: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Mr. MCNERNEY . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6367 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2018 No. 161 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JOHN BOOZMAN , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Infinite Spirit, Creator of Heaven and Earth, the sea, and all that lives in it, thank You for the gift of another day. We praise You that You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Remind us of the foolishness of seeking security apart from You. Bless our lawmakers. Protect them in their work as You give them Your peace. Be for them a light in the darkness and a shelter from life’s storms. Lord, give them the wisdom to make decisions that will bring glory and honor to Your Name. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 