Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to progress on a critical nationwide initiative: American energy independence. Energy is a bedrock industry of the American economic machine. Energy fosters innovation and has seen substantial leaps in efficiency, which have led to a dramatic expansion in scale. To highlight the important progress our oil and gas producers have achieved, we need to look no further than my home State of Kansas, even just to think back to my childhood being raised up in Butler County, Kansas, which, during World War I, was the world’s largest producer of oil. Kansas has long been known for our production in agriculture and aviation. It is the spirit of innovation that has pushed Kansans to utilize their vast and diverse energy opportunities. The Wheat State is, in fact, a top10 State for crude oil production and has the Hugoton gas area, one of the topproducing natural gas fields in the United States. These factors give Kansas the opportunity to be a leader in the national effort to eliminate our dependence on foreign oil. In fact, American energy exports now compete with Middle East oil for buyers in Asia. Daily trading volumes of U.S. oil futures contracts have more than doubled in the past decade. I was reminded of the size of the export opportunity this past week when I was in Mexico City in NAFTA discussions. With improved delivery systems and more efficient extraction methods, the United States is now exporting more than 1.7 million barrels of crude oil each day, with an increase of 11 percent expected by 2019. The economic impacts of increased United States output are encouraging to everyone in the industry who has fought through tough times with low crude oil prices. This expansion has shaved our Nation’s oil imports by 20 percent over the past decade and provided 21st century careers in rural communities. Since the 2008 peak, we have lowered consumer prices for domestic gasoline by 37 percent. Just a few short years ago, no one would have imagined the United States could have increased production of oil and natural gas while still cutting greenhouse gas emissions, which are now near 25year lows, yet we have. These advancements are evidence of the ingenuity of our producers. Further, they show that we have balanced energy production and environmental stewardship. For the first time in generations, American energy policy is focusing on domestic production, global leadership, and economic opportunity. And that is something worth recognizing. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ARRINGTON ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER Reverend Brian Chrzastek, O.P., Dominican House of Studies, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: All powerful and everliving God, thankful for the peace and security of our Nation, won by the many sacrifices of those who have gone before us, we continue to seek Your aid, those who serve our country in this Congress and all who assist them. We humbly ask that You strengthen them by Your grace. May they continue selflessly in the fulfillment of their duties. May they vigorously tend to the constituencies that they represent. May they be fair and attentive in their deliberations with their fellow representatives. And while mindful of particular interests, may they also seek to benefit all of this Nation and all of humanity itself. 
May all of us ever strive to realize the good whose possibility You call on us to trust, in what we see before us today and what awaits us tomorrow. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING MADIGAN M CGRATH (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent of mine from Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Her name is Madigan McGrath, an honor student who works two jobs, volunteers with the Big Brothers Big Sisters, takes three dance classes per week, has an active social life, and happens to have type 1 diabetes. When Madigan was 13 years old, she was diagnosed with type I diabetes. Madigan took it in stride, much quicker than expected. Before she even left the hospital, she asked if there was a brochure that she could give her friends to explain type 1 diabetes. Learning that one did not exist, Madigan made one herself. Madigan takes every opportunity to educate others about this disease and has spread awareness of it. Through her fundraising, Madigan made a video about her illness and lifestyle. One of the quotes she used was: ‘‘Diabetes doesn’t define me; I define diabetes.’’ She now wants to pursue a career in the medical field, specifically in pediatric endocrinology, so that she can help other kids with type 1 diabetes. Mr. Speaker, I want to join my colleagues in thanking Madigan for her commitment to helping others with this disease and educating the community and the country about type 1 diabetes. 
HONORING DEPUTY JACOB PICKETT (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Deputy Jacob Pickett of the Boone County Sheriff’s Office, who paid the ultimate sacrifice and sacrificed his life on the job last Friday. As Boone County Sheriff Mike Nielsen said about Jake, as those who are close to him called him: There will forever be a loss felt in our community for him. He was a warrior, and he died laying down his life for you. He will never be forgotten. Last Friday morning, 34yearold Boone County Sheriff’s Deputy Jacob Pickett was attempting to arrest a person who had an outstanding warrant. As is so common, one department helped out another, and Deputy Pickett joined police officers from the Lebanon Police Department in pursuit. During that pursuit, he was fatally shot. Tragically, he will never return home to his loved ones and is leaving behind a wife, Jen, two very young children, and his beloved K–9 partner, a German Shepherd named Brick. The last time a Boone County officer was killed in the line of duty was over 80 years ago, in 1935. Deputy Pickett also served as a Tipton County Sheriff’s Department deputy and served at the Marion County Jail, all counties I represent in the Fifth District of Indiana. He has led the Boone County Sheriff’s Department K–9 Team for the last 2 years and worked with Brick around the clock. He was known by his childhood friend as a good guy all around who was kind, compassionate, and generous. He dedicated his life to serving others and continues to do so even now, as an organ donor. As Sheriff Nielsen said, that thin blue line was crossed. I offer my deepest condolences to Deputy Pickett’s family, to the Boone County Sheriff’s Department and their friends, the men and women in law enforcement who mourn his loss and will cherish his memory forever. f 
FRUIT OF THE POISONOUS TREE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, there is a legal term called ‘‘fruit of the poisonous tree.’’ If the evidence, or tree, is tainted, then anything gained from the evidence, the fruit, is tainted as well. A former FBI Director intentionally leaked questionable memos about President Trump, hoping it would lead to the appointment of a special prosecutor. It did. Since the evidence for a special prosecutor was tainted, the appointment of the special prosecutor was tainted, too. If the premise is faulty, the conclusion is faulty. To continue the investigation is to violate a legal principle and dishonor our system of justice. The process is poisoned. The special prosecutor should cease and desist. USS ‘‘CARL VINSON’’ MAKES A PORT CALL IN VIETNAM (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this week, the USS Carl Vinson arrives in Da Nang, Vietnam. This is the first visit of a U.S. aircraft carrier to Vietnam in four decades, and obviously for a very different purpose. Together, Vietnam and America are demonstrating the importance of open sea lanes for commerce, security, and regional development. Arriving aboard the USS Carl Vinson is a young officer named Tower Cook. Tower is from Dallas, Texas, and the grandson of former U.S. Senator John G. Tower of Texas. Senator Tower was elected to the Senate in a 1961 special election and served the people of Texas for 24 years. He led the implementation of President Reagan’s strategy of a larger, competitive, modern Navy, and it was an honor for me to work for him the final 2 years of his term in office. President Reagan and Senator Tower’s vision of the importance of the Navy is illustrated by this week’s visit of the Carl Vinson to Vietnam. Senator Tower, also a master chief petty officer, is looking down from his heavenly perch with great pride in seeing his grandson, Tower Cook, and the success of the United States Navy. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE VICKY HARTZLER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable VICKY HARTZLER , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 28, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with civil subpoenas for documents and deposition testimony, issued by the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoenas is not consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, VICKY HARTZLER , Member of Congress. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) at 5 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1209) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1209 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, introduced by the gentleman from Texas, Representative HENRY CUELLAR . H.R. 1209 honors the veterans of Mission, Texas, for their service to this Nation, veterans like First Lieutenant Joaquin Castro. Lieutenant Castro, born in Mission, Texas, served as a pilot in the Army Air Corps from 1941 until 1943, when he was declared missing in action. For his service, Lieutenant Castro earned the National Defense Service Medal, the Distinguished Flying Cross, and the Air Medal with an Oak Leaf Cluster. I look forward to hearing more about Lieutenant Castro and the veterans of Mission, Texas, from Mr. CUELLAR . Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 1209, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 North Francisco Avenue, Mission, Texas, as the Mission Veterans Post Office Building. At this time, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ) so that he may tell us more about the honorable veterans from Mission, Texas. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I certainly want to thank the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) for his leadership and for his work on this committee; and, also, my friend from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) for the work he does on this committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1209, which will rename a post office facility in my district at 901 North Francisco Avenue in Mission, Texas, as the Mission Veterans Post Office. Across my district, fine men and women of all walks of life have honorably served our country, and it is critical that we honor their service and their dedication. Mission alone is home to over 2,000 veterans, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Dedicating this post office to our veterans will serve as an enduring reminder of the sacrifices that our friends, neighbors, and families have made while serving their country. These individuals put country ahead of self, and I am proud to recognize them with the dedicating of this post office facility. Today in particular, I want to acknowledge the sacrifice of Captain Joaquin Castro from Mission, Texas. Captain Castro joined the Army Air Corps in 1941 and served as a B–17 pilot in the Pacific theater. He was stationed at Hickam Field in Hawaii during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, where his airfield was extensively damaged and suffered heavy casualties. However, Captain Castro would go on to serve several missions against enemy forces before being declared missing in action during a bombing mission. He received the National Defense Service Medal, the Distinguished Flying Cross, and the Air Medal with an Oak Leaf Cluster. Captain Castro would eventually be honored with an elementary school named after him in his hometown in Mission, Texas. He was known to be a humble and diligent individual who served in a variety of jobs before joining the military. He was a janitor; he was a school bus driver; and he was a stenographer also. We owe our freedom to veterans like Mr. Castro, which is why I am recognizing him with the dedication of this post office, not only for his service but also that of the other veterans. He is just one example of many veterans who have made countless sacrifices for their country in the face of danger. The bravery and the commitment of our veterans to our Nation demonstrates what it really means to be an American, the essence of an American. Mr. Speaker, I would also, at this time, take a moment to thank the veterans organizations throughout my district for their tireless work in providing the care that our veterans need. Let us remember and express our gratitude to these courageous people: the veterans, their families, as well as their caregivers. In the words of President John F. Kennedy: A nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces but also by the men it honors, the men it remembers. And, of course, we include women in that quote also. This bill allows us to show our appreciation for the veterans of Mission, Texas, and to make sure that their sacrifice to our country is not forgotten. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the passage of H.R. 1209, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1209. 
The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LANCE CORPORAL JORDAN S. BASTEAN POST OFFICE Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2673) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2673 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LANCE CORPORAL JORDAN S. BASTEAN POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2673, introduced by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ). H.R. 2673 names the post office at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, after Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean. Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean enlisted in the United States Marine Corps after graduating high school. He deployed to the Helmand province of Afghanistan, where, on October 23, 2011, he gave his life in service of our country. H.R. 2673 pays tribute to Corporal Bastean’s sacrifice. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 2673, a bill to designate the facility of the U.S. Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ) to tell us more about Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from the great State of Missouri (Mr. CLAY) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, which would designate the post office in Pekin, Illinois, as the Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office. A 2010 graduate of Pekin Community High School, Jordan was a 4year cadet in the Junior ROTC and was the captain of the air rifle team. As an avid hunter, an athlete, and a big fan of taking his dad’s Jeep offroading, he was the very definition of what it means to be a Midwesterner. Just like a lot of young men and women from the heartland, Jordan believed in service, and he believed in being the best he could be. That is why he joined the Marines. And Lance Corporal Bastean’s commitment to service was so infectious that his dad quit his job and followed him into the military. But on October 23, 2011, during his first deployment to Afghanistan, Lance Corporal Bastean made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation in the Helmand province. Back home, Steve and Kathy Bastean lost their only child at the age of 19. Mr. Speaker, this Saturday, when his family releases balloons at his grave site to mark what would have been only his 26th birthday, I hope they know that a grateful Nation mourns with them. On behalf of the families of the 17th Congressional District of Illinois and from the entire United States, I want to offer my deepest condolences to the entire Bastean family, to all of Lance Corporal Bastean’s friends, and to all of the brave men and women in uniform who fight for our freedom today. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge the passage of H.R. 2673, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2673. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
TUSKEGEE AIRMAN POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4406) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airman Post Office Building’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4406 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4406, introduced by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ). H.R. 4406 names the U.S. Post Office at 99 Macombs Place, New York, New York, after the Tuskegee Airmen. The Tuskegee Airmen were a squadron of skilled pilots in World War II who were the first AfricanAmerican military aviators in the U.S. Armed Forces. This bill honors their skill and service to the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4406, as amended, to designate the facility of the U.S. Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York City as the Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building. As we know, the Tuskegee Airmen had an impeccable record of saving American lives during World War II. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ) to tell us the history of the esteemed Tuskegee Airmen. b1715 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LACY CLAY for 
yielding time, as well as Ranking Member ELIJAH CUMMINGS and Chairman TREYGOWDY for their support in bringing this bill to the floor. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4406, my bill to designate the post office located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building. The Tuskegee Airmen hold a historic significance as the first Black military aviators to serve in the U.S. Army Air Corps during the peak of World War II. At the time, racial segregation remained in the U.S. Armed Forces as well as much of the country. These men were treated as secondclass citizens, and much of the military establishment believed back then that Black soldiers were inferior to White soldiers. The Tuskegee Airmen proved them wrong. Collectively, they earned more than 150 Distinguished Flying Crosses, and they flew missions in secondhand P–40 planes, which were slower and more difficult to maneuver. Yet, in their more than 200 escort missions, the Tuskegee Airmen had a better success rate than any other escort groups of the 15th Air Force. The Tuskegee Airmen were active in fighting against Jim Crow laws in the South, and their success and bravery encouraged the eventual integration of the U.S. Armed Forces. Many of the men who served in this squadron dedicated their lives to fighting for racial equality and civil rights. Among the Tuskegee Airmen was a 26yearold second lieutenant of Dominican heritage named Esteban Hotesse. Mr. Hotesse immigrated to the United States through Ellis Island at the age of 4 with his mother. He went on to serve as a pilot for 3 years with the Tuskegee Airmen before being killed during a military exercise in 1945. Naming this post office after the Tuskegee Airmen is a fitting tribute to honor their memory and contributions to this country. I am proud to have sponsored this bill and look forward to the Tuskegee Airmen’s legacy living on in my district for many, many years to come. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for bringing up this bill. The State of Alabama takes immense pride in the Tuskegee Airmen for their skill and courage. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentleman from Missouri aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge the passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4406, which designates the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building.’’ H.R. 4406 is a fitting tribute to the African American men who fought heroically and against great odds and personal hardships, in World War II and is long overdue. The 332nd Fighter Group and the 477th, Bombardment Group of the United States Army Air Forces, which will be forever known as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen,’’ were instrumental in the Allied Powers victory in World War II, and is by any standard American heroes. For these reasons it is a fitting tribute that we honor these men by naming the Post Office at 99 Macombs Place, in Harlem, New York after them. A few years ago about this time, I was honored to join my colleagues, Congressman JOHN LEWIS and Congressman C HARLES RANGEL, a Korean War veteran, in paying tribute to surviving members of the Tuskegee Airmen and the 555th Parachute Infantry, the famed ‘‘Triple Nickels’’ at a moving ceremony sponsored by the U.S. Army commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. The success of the Tuskegee Airmen in escorting bombers during World War II—achieving one of the lowest loss records of all the escort fighter groups, and being in constant demand for their services by the allied bomber units—is a record unmatched by any other fighter group. So impressive and astounding were the feats of the Tuskegee Airmen that in 1948, it helped persuade President Harry Truman to issue his famous Executive Order No. 9981, which directed equality of treatment and opportunity in all of the United States Armed Forces and led to the end of racial segregation in the U.S. military forces. It is a source of enormous and enduring pride that my fatherinlaw, Phillip Ferguson Lee, was one of the Tuskegee Airmen. Clearly, what began as an experiment to determine whether ‘‘colored’’ soldiers were capable of operating expensive and complex combat aircraft ended as an unqualified success based on the experience of the Tuskegee Airmen, whose record included 261 aircraft destroyed, 148 aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties and 1,578 missions over Italy and North Africa. These outstanding African American men defied all odds and became military pilots when the United States was still subject to Jim Crow Laws and the American military was still segregated. Not only were these men exceptional soldiers who fearlessly defended this nation, but they were torchbearers who illuminated a path for countless African Americans to follow. The Tuskegee Airmen proved that the antidote to racism is excellence in performance. This bill would honor the unsung heroes of World War II who valiantly fought to defend this nation and pioneered a movement that led to the desegregation of the American military. For these reasons, I am proud to support, H.R. 4406; and I ask my colleagues to join me in voting to pass this fitting tribute to American heroes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4406, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
LANCE CORPORAL THOMAS E. RIVERS, JR. POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4646) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4646 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LANCE CORPORAL THOMAS E. RIVERS, JR. POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4646. This bill names the post office at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, after Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Corporal Rivers was a resident of Hoover, Alabama, and a graduate of Briarwood Christian School. Both of Rivers’ grandfathers served in the military, and he desired to follow in their footsteps. Corporal Rivers wrote in a high school essay that he ‘‘wanted to be a marine since he was 10 years old,’’ and that he believed ‘‘joining the Marines would be a good experience for him because it would teach 
him to rely on God to make it through.’’ Two weeks after graduating from high school, Thomas fulfilled his dream by joining the Marines. He was known by his fellow marines as a man of devout faith who was always looking for ways to serve his fellow marines. In the early morning hours of April 28, 2010, while deployed in Helmand province, Afghanistan, Rivers ordered his men to take their positions. However, the marine assigned to stand watch was exhausted. As a patrol leader, Rivers was never required to stand post, but Thomas had been reading in the Bible about how love isn’t an emotion but is demonstrated in laying your life down for your friends. Rivers told the weary marine: ‘‘I’ll stand post for you; you rest.’’ Tragically, while replacing the exhausted marine, Rivers activated an improvised explosive device. Rivers gave his life for his country and exemplified the attitude in John 15:13: 
Greater love has no one than this, that he should lay down his life for his friends. 
This bill pays tribute to Corporal Rivers’ sacrifice. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4646, a bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building. Born in Hoover, Alabama, Lance Corporal Thomas Rivers, Jr., held a deep love and dedication to both his faith and his country. Mr. Rivers dreamed of becoming a marine from a young age and enlisted following his graduation from Briarwood Christian School in 2007. Tragically, on April 28, 2010, Lance Corporal Rivers was killed by an improvised explosive device while serving in Afghanistan. He was just 22 years old. In order that they might honor and continue their son’s love of country, Lance Corporal Rivers’ parents now run a nonprofit organization that sends care packages to soldiers. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate Lance Corporal Thomas Rivers, Jr., and the ultimate sacrifice he made for the country he so loved. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 4646, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate very much the comments from the gentleman from Missouri. I know the family does. I knew Corporal Rivers. He attended the same high school as my children. I know his mom and dad very well. He is another example—as we have heard time and time again on this floor—of young men and women willing to sacrifice their lives not only for their country, but for their fellow soldiers and marines. It is an honor to stand here with my friend, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) to urge passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentleman from Missouri aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to urge the passage of this legislation for Lance Corporal Rivers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4646. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FIRST SERGEANT P. ANDREW MCKENNA JR. POST OFFICE Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4685) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4685 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FIRST SERGEANT P. ANDREW MCKENNA JR. POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4685, introduced by the gentleman from Rhode Island, Representative DAVID CICILLINE . Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4685 names the U.S. Post Office at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, after U.S. Army First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna, Jr. First Sergeant McKenna served 15 years in the Army, most recently as a Green Beret, and then as the first sergeant for the Special Operations Joint Task Forces—Afghanistan. In August 2015, First Sergeant McKenna was killed in action while defending Camp Integrity in Kabul, Afghanistan, against insurgents. For his bravery and leadership during the attack, he was posthumously awarded the Silver Star. This bill would honor his service to the Nation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased to join my colleagues in consideration of H.R. 4685. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ) to tell us about the heroism of First Sergeant Andrew McKenna, Jr. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am honored to stand before you today to pay tribute to the life and service of a true American hero, First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna, by naming the Bristol Post Office in his honor. A native of Bristol, Rhode Island, Sergeant McKenna dedicated 17 years of his life to serve and protect our country in the United States Army. Born in 1980 to his mother, Carol, and father, Peter, Sergeant McKenna knew at the age of 5 years old that he wanted to be a soldier, and by the age of 7 that he wanted to serve the Nation as a Green Beret. His family and close childhood friends recall him wearing camouflagepatterned clothes almost every day. Sergeant McKenna attended Mount Hope High School in Bristol, graduating in the spring of 1998. Upon graduation, he immediately enlisted in the Army as an infantryman. After just 3 years, he went to selection for the Green Berets. He completed the grueling Special Forces Qualification Course in 2003, achieving his lifelong dream to be a part of the military’s most elite. Sergeant McKenna was then assigned to the First Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group. He went on to serve one tour of duty in Iraq and five more tours in Afghanistan. During his first tour in Afghanistan, from 2004 to 2005, First Sergeant McKenna was awarded the Bronze Star with Valor for his tremendous courage under fierce enemy fire during a mission that resulted in the death of a senior Taliban official. He would then go 
on to earn 18 military awards, including the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Purple Heart, the Army Commendation Medal, and the Army Achievement Medal. First Sergeant McKenna is remembered at each of his duty stations for his intense work ethic, strong attention to detail, commitment to excellence, quick sense of humor, and infectious smile. To this day, former team leaders and fellow servicemembers praise his motivation, leadership, and ability to bring out the best in the people around him. Of the countless stories I could tell that exemplify these values in Sergeant McKenna, there is one that stands out. In 2011, Master Sergeant Chris Corbin, a fellow Green Beret, was forced to undergo a double amputation on both legs after stepping on a hidden IED in Afghanistan. During a months long recovery process at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, First Sergeant McKenna would make the 5hour drive from Fort Bragg, located in North Carolina, to visit Master Sergeant Corbin, sometimes spending multiple days or even weeks at his bedside. Master Sergeant Corbin would later go on to credit Sergeant McKenna’s reliability and motivation for getting him through his recovery. This same selfless devotion to his fellow servicemembers was, of course, not a first for Sergeant McKenna, and it would not be his last in a decorated life that was ended far too soon. He was stationed at Camp Integrity in Kabul, Afghanistan, in August of 2015 when Taliban soldiers exploded a car bomb outside the gates of the compound in the middle of the night. Four heavily armed insurgents opened fire on security contractors guarding the Special Forces complex, killing eight guards and breaching the facility. Sergeant McKenna was messaging with his mother at the time, and her last message to her son went unanswered. After hearing an explosion and gunshots, he immediately grabbed his weapon and proceeded to engage the enemy alongside fellow Green Beret, Master Sergeant George Vera. b1730 During the ensuing firefight, First Sergeant McKenna lost his life and Master Sergeant Vera suffered critical wounds to his spine, kidney, liver, and leg. Their decision to charge into the fight without hesitation and regard for their own safety likely prevented the deaths of many, many soldiers stationed at that base. First Sergeant McKenna’s bravery and his ultimate sacrifice allowed supporting personnel to eliminate the Taliban attack and secure the complex. First Sergeant McKenna was posthumously awarded the Silver Star for Valor in Combat, the Nation’s third highest decoration for valor, for his courageous and lifesaving actions. He was fearless. He was heroic. He represented the very highest examples of service, duty, and sacrifice throughout his career and on this fateful day. However, in the words of his friend, Master Sergeant Corbin: ‘‘That’s just Drew. There’s dozens of times he’s done stuff like that.’’ First Sergeant McKenna was laid to rest in St. Mary’s Cemetery in Bristol next to his brother, Patrick, who passed away in 2005. He is survived by his mother and father, whom I had the honor of hosting for President Obama’s final State of the Union Address. The First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna, Jr., Memorial Scholarship Fund, set up in his memory, awards $6,000 in scholarships every year to Rhode Island high school students planning to attend college or serve in the Armed Forces. Andrew McKenna was a true American hero who embodied the very best of Rhode Island values. His patriotism, loyalty, and sense of shared purpose were reflections of his strong character and the values he learned growing up in Bristol. I consider myself fortunate to have met First Sergeant McKenna in 2015 at the Bristol Fourth of July parade and for my continued relationship with his wonderful family. I am proud to lead the effort here in Congress to honor First Sergeant McKenna’s legacy that means so much to his family, his friends, the town of Bristol, and the State of Rhode Island. Mr. Speaker, I extend my gratitude to Chairman GOWDY and Ranking Member CUMMINGS for their support of this bill, as well as my good friend and cosponsor of this bill, Congressman JIM LANGEVIN . Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for their courtesy and urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), my good friend. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by commending my colleague from the First Congressional District of Rhode Island, Mr. CICILLINE , for sponsoring this bill in the first place. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Rhode Island hero and to support the designation of the United States Postal Service facility at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office. First Sergeant McKenna had served with distinction for 17 years when he was killed on August 7, 2015, during an insurgent attack on Camp Integrity in Afghanistan. That previous summer, I had the privilege of meeting First Sergeant McKenna at the Bristol Fourth of July parade. Mr. Speaker, he was only 35 years old, and he died running toward incoming fire, saving the lives of his fellow soldiers. A member of the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group out of Eglin Air Force Base, First Sergeant McKenna saw six deployments, five to Afghanistan and one to Iraq, and his extraordinary service was recognized throughout. Among his many medals are five Bronze Stars, one of which was awarded with a valor device for his actions during a mission that resulted in the death of a senior Taliban commander. Following First Sergeant McKenna’s death, he was awarded a Purple Heart and Silver Star, decorations he richly deserved. In my time as ranking member of the Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I have heard the stories of many of our special operators and the heroic deeds they perform to keep us safe here at home. They are the consummate quiet professionals, never far from danger, yet shying away from the spotlight. First Sergeant McKenna was ‘‘the best of us,’’ his fellow Green Beret, Sergeant First Class Tim Kennedy, remarked. He gave his life for his country, and naming the post office at 515 Hope Street in his honor is just a small way that we can thank him for his remarkable service and ensure that his memory lives on. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. CICILLINE , and our two Senators, JACKREEDand S HELDON  WHITEHOUSE , for coming together to offer this legislation. First Sergeant McKenna has made his parents, Peter and Carol McKenna, his friends, the town of Bristol, and the entire State of Rhode Island extraordinarily proud. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring his courage, his service, and his sacrifice today. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge passage of H.R. 4685, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4685. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
POLICE OFFICER SCOTT BASHIOUM POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 831) to designate the facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Police Officer Scott Bashioum Post Office Building’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 831 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. POLICE OFFICER SCOTT BASHIOUM POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 831, introduced by the Senator from Pennsylvania, PATTOOMEY . The bill would name the U.S. Post Office at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, in honor of Police Officer Scott Bashioum. Officer Bashioum served 29 years in the United States Air Force, retiring as a senior master sergeant. During his service in the Air Force, Officer Bashioum served in the Persian Gulf war, Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and was part of the recovery effort in the aftermath of Hurricane Wilma. After retiring, Officer Bashioum became a police officer for the Canonsburg community. On November 10, 2016, he was shot and killed while responding to a domestic violence call. I thank Senator TOOMEY for introducing this bill to pay tribute to the life and sacrifice of Officer Bashioum. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to also join my colleagues in consideration of S. 831, a bill to designate the facility of the U.S. Postal Service located at 120 West Pike Street in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, as the Police Officer Scott Bashioum Post Office Building. Scott Leslie Bashioum was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and joined the U.S. Air Force in June of 1996, as a member of the 911th Airlift Wing’s Civil Engineering Squadron. Scott served in both Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Following 29 years of service in the Air Force, Senior Master Sergeant Bashioum became a fulltime police officer in the Canonsburg community. On November 10, 2016, Officer Bashioum was killed in service to his community while responding to a domestic violence call. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to commemorate the life of public service lived by Officer Scott Bashioum and honor his memory. I urge the passage of S. 831, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 831. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
U.S. NAVY SEAMAN DAKOTA KYLE RIGSBY POST OFFICE Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3183) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3183 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. U.S. NAVY SEAMAN DAKOTA KYLE RIGSBY POST OFFICE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. 
Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3183, introduced by the gentleman from Virginia, Representative TOMGARRETT . H.R. 3183 names the post office at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, after U.S. Navy Seaman Apprentice Dakota Kyle Rigsby. Seaman Rigsby tragically lost his life on June 17, 2017, as the result of a naval accident while serving on the USS Fitzgerald. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) to hear more about Seaman Rigsby’s life and service. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding and the gentleman from Missouri. The Bible says: Greater love hath no man than this, to lay down his life for his brothers and sisters. On September 12, 1997, a little boy was born to a hardworking couple and named Dakota Kyle Rigsby. Dakota’s father served in the military, and this would influence Dakota’s decision to one day follow in his father’s footsteps and also serve this great Nation. Every young man and woman, and every parent who kisses a child good bye, understands that the potential price for such a decision is to make the ultimate sacrifice for something that is bigger and greater than yourself, and on June 17, 2017, Dakota Kyle Rigsby did just that, along with six colleagues: Yeoman 3rd Class Shingo Alexander Douglass; Sonar Technician 3rd Class Ngoc Truong Huynh; Gunners Mate 2nd Class Noe Hernandez; Fire Controlman 2nd Class Carlos Victor Ganzon Sibayan; Personnel Specialist 1st Class Xavier Alec Martin; and Fire Controlman 1st Class Gary Leo Rehm, Jr. I often joke that the United States is the worst country in the world except for all the others. When a slave owner named Jefferson articulated an idea for the world that all people were created equal, it harkens to the preamble to the Constitution that gives us not a perfect union, but asks us to work towards a more perfect union, which means that there is always work to be done. Mr. Speaker, this work is invariably done in most instances by women and men whose names we will never know. So we carry this bill so that one of those heroes upon the backs of whom our Nation is built will be remembered, even if only in a small place in a small way, for sacrificing every single one of his tomorrows to help us continue to be free. 
b1745 He joins the legion of Americans numbered in the millions who have given the ultimate sacrifice. We know the name of Abraham Lincoln. We know the name of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. We need to remember the names of people, heroes like Dakota Rigsby. So this young man, devoted to service, demonstrated this from his time in high school as a volunteer firefighter to that eventful night when he executed his duties and went to bed for the day on the USS Fitzgerald. I understand that there is a lot that we still need to do in this country, but please understand that we are where we are because better people than us have given all of their tomorrows for us to be here. I would submit that when you hear that national anthem, while I would defend to my last breath your right not to stand, that you do stand. Stand up for Dakota Kyle Rigsby because, by God, he stood up for us. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to join my friend from the great State of Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) in urging passage of H.R. 3183, the U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office. The youngest servicemember killed in the collision on the USS Fitzgerald, Seaman Rigsby is remembered today by his family and friends for his sense of humor and true passion for public service. Mr. Speaker, we should pass this bill to honor Seaman Rigsby’s memory and service to his country. Mr. Speaker, I want to inform the gentleman from Alabama that I have no further speakers on this bill. I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, I have been very honored to join with the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) and my other colleagues to not only honor those named, but their families and colleagues, as well, and let them know that these heroes, their loved ones, will not be forgotten. I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3183. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1119, SATISFYING ENERGY NEEDS AND SAVING THE ENVIRONMENT ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1917, BLOCKING REGULATORY INTERFERENCE FROM CLOSING KILNS ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–586) on the resolution (H. Res. 762) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1119) to establish the bases by which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall issue, implement, and enforce certain emission limitations and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1917) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my support as a cosponsor of the Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act, which gives Liberians in deferred enforced departure permanent status. Thousands of Liberians came to the United States to escape civil war, seeking a better life and a safer environment to raise their families. For the last 25 years, many have sought and realized the American Dream through hard work, drive, and determination. They have become smallbusiness owners and leaders in our community. Minnesota is home to one of the largest Liberian communities in the United States, many of whom live in the western suburbs of the Twin Cities. Mr. Speaker, I have had the distinct pleasure and honor of getting to know many members of the Liberian community personally. I have heard their stories, and I have seen their love for America firsthand. However, they are facing uncertainty today because their temporary period of protection is about to expire, so it is imperative that action be taken to ensure they are able to live here, work here, and continue to offer their contributions as important members of our community. f 
SUPPORTING DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, 6 months ago, the White House shamefully rescinded the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program without having legislation in place to protect Dreamers. That is just wrong. The overwhelming majority of Americans support a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers, yet Republican leadership refuses to let Congress vote on a clean Dream Act. A few months ago, after ending DACA, the President began rolling back immigration from Black and Latino countries he thinks are s— holes. After that, he went on a Twitter rant to attack the Diversity Immigrant Visa program, which helps people from Africa immigrate lawfully to the United States. Eliminating DACA without a plan for Dreamers is just another antiminority move. Removing the Diversity Immigrant Visa program is more of the same. The administration has shown itself to be hostile to people of color. Mr. Speaker, racism is not a good policy. 
REMEMBERING OFFICER JUSTIN BILLA (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Mobile Police Officer Justin Billa. Officer Billa was tragically shot and killed in the line of duty on February 20. I am not sure my path ever crossed with Officer Billa, but it may have. We take for granted the work our police officers do on a daily basis. Police officers hug their families goodbye and leave their home each day or night not knowing whether they will come home safe. Each and every day, our law enforcement and first responders work to keep us safe and support our communities, but we far too often take their service for granted. I can think of no better way to honor the life of Officer Billa than to encourage every American to take time to say ‘‘thank you’’ to your local police officers. Mr. Speaker, I hope Officer Billa’s wife, Erin, and their young son, Taylor, take comfort in knowing that they are loved. Justin’s service and sacrifice to Mobile, Alabama, and to the United States will never be forgotten. f 
b1915 YUCCA MOUNTAIN NUCLEAR WASTE REPOSITORY IS AN UNWORKABLE PROJECT (Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I am here to once again remind my colleagues why the Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste Repository is an unworkable project. There are design flaws that the NRC’s own analysis show lead to radioactive waste leaking into the water table, and transportation plans would ship more than 70,000 metric tons of nuclear waste by train and truck through 329 congressional districts for years to come past your homes, your businesses, your schools, and your churches. Now some of my colleagues want to make this bad situation even worse by busting the caps on the amount of allowable waste to be stored, increasing the danger and invalidating any existing studies. If the proponents of Yucca Mountain and their industry donors are really serious about solving the problems of nuclear waste storage, they would follow the Blue Ribbon Commission’s recommendations and pass my consent based bill rather than dumping nuclear waste into a State that does not produce it and does not want it. Nevada is not a wasteland. 
POSITIVE EFFECTS OF THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the positive effects the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is already having on individuals and businesses in the First Congressional District of Georgia. Two weeks ago, I traveled the First District and visited high school students, university students, senior citizens, small businesses, big businesses, and more to get their feedback on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The results from my trip and the benefits that the First District is already reaping were, frankly, astounding. 
For example, Lee Container Company in Homerville said that the new tax law has allowed them to purchase at least three machines a year and to fully amortize them, allowing their company to grow at a substantial rate. Businesses like Lee Container and the large number of individuals in Homerville that they employ are a reason it was so important to pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With the new tax law, businesses can employ more people, increase salaries, invest in their business and communities, and help our economy to thrive. 
OUR NATION IS IN THE GRIP OF A GUN VIOLENCE EPIDEMIC (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is in the grip of a gun violence epidemic; yet, even in the face of national tragedy, Congress has failed again and again to act. On January 10, 2018, a student in Denison, Texas, fired a weapon that belonged to an adviser, thinking it wasn’t loaded. That same day, a middle school student in Maplewood, Minnesota, fatally injured himself with a gun in a school bathroom. On January 23, 2018, a 15yearold student in Benton, Kentucky, opened fire with a handgun, killing two people and injuring 18. On February 14, Valentine’s Day, 2018, a 19yearold gunman killed 14 students and 3 faculty members at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, using a semiautomatic weapon. Two months into 2018, its tragedies are too numerous to list. For too long we have allowed NRA’s gun industry lobbyists to pick and choose our guns laws. I say: No more. Students across America are demanding Congress enact commonsense gun violence prevention, including universal background checks, limits on highcapacity magazines, and a ban on the sale of assault weapons designed not for a hunting field, but for a battlefield. We must not fail them again. 
RECOGNIZING CLINTON COUNTY’S MISS TEEN UNITED STATES AGRICULTURE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Haili Marie Frank from Mill Hall, Pennsylvania, who has been named Clinton County’s Miss Teen United States Agriculture. Haili is 16 years old and is the daughter of Eric and Clinta Frank. She is a 10th grader at the Sugar Valley Rural Charter School, where she is a member of the National Honor Society and an officer in the school’s FFA chapter. In 2017, Haili competed in the FFA Creed Speaking competition, placing first in the county and second in the region, which qualified her for the State competition, where she came in 10th. Haili loves animals and is a member of two 4–H groups. Over the past 7 years, Haili has exhibited pigs, goats, lambs, chickens, and rabbits. Haili is also an accomplished archer and shoots with one of her 4–H groups. Last August, she competed in the archery competition at State Days in Rock Run, Pennsylvania, and placed second in her age division. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly congratulate Haili on being an outstanding role model for her peers and a representative for agriculture in Pennsylvania. f 
YUCCA MOUNTAIN PROJECT (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding that my colleagues plan to speak in favor of Yucca Mountain tonight and once again attempt to revive the longdead project that brings nuclear waste to my State of Nevada. They want to make Nevada’s Fourth Congressional District, my home, my district, the dumping ground for the rest of the country’s nuclear waste. The Nevada delegation has raised a number of concerns about this project, including its location, which sits less than 100 miles northwest of Las Vegas. Nevadans have strongly opposed the construction of this project. As a State with no nuclear energy facilities, it is exceedingly unfair that Nevada is asked to serve as the dumping ground for the rest of the country’s waste. Rather than throw away millions more of taxpayer money to revive this shortsighted project, this funding could be better spent on infrastructure and job creation. I will continue fighting tirelessly to ensure the Yucca Mountain project stays dead, and I urge my colleagues to join me in finding better ways to deal with the nuclear waste created in their States. 
THE RUSSIAN BEAR IS HUNGRY FOR MOLDOVA, GEORGIA, AND UKRAINE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after the fall of the Soviet Union, the Russian bear started roaming Eastern Europe with its hungry appetite to gobble and dominate politics and the Governments of Moldova, Georgia, and Ukraine. Each nation has had a portion of its sovereign territory occupied by the Napoleon of Siberia, Putin. His military is there, too. I have been in each nation and talked to the speakers of each of the parliaments. Now the three countries are working together in a trilateral bond to thwart Russian interference and also improve their democratic processes. For as it is written in Ecclesiastes: ‘‘A cord of three strands is not easily broken.’’ I also commend the Atlantic Council for their work with these nations in promoting democratic ideals, combating corruption, and increasing personal freedom. The United States should encourage and support this trilateral union to prevent the hungry bear from eating up each nation and returning them to the old days of Russian oppression. And that is just the way it is. f 
PI KAPPA ALPHA’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor tonight to recognize and honor my fraternity, Pi Kappa Alpha International Fraternity. I came from Alpha Omicron Chapter in Georgetown, Texas, Southwestern University. Pi Kappa Alpha is an international fraternity, a valuesbased men’s fraternal organization with more than 225 chapters across the United States and Canada, approximately 16,000 undergraduate members, and over 290,000 lifetime members. In 2018, Pi Kappa Alpha celebrates its 150th anniversary from its founding on March 1, 1868, at the University of Virginia, when six young men joined together and resolved to form a fraternity for the establishment of friendship on a firmer and more lasting basis. Their commitment to the high ideals of scholarship, leadership, and gentlemanly behavior remains strong to this day, which is the reason why I not only pledged my support to the fraternity, but why I support them today. 
APPOINTING JUDGES TO THE FISA COURT (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, the President of the United States should have the power to appoint judges to the FISA Court. This would lead to a more ideologically diverse court, more transparency in oversight, and better FISA outcomes. Mr. Speaker, this isn’t just my argument. It is the argument of the gentleman from California, the ranking 
member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence; and this is the gentleman from California making that very argument on Russia Today. Here, YouTube has actually had to say: 
Russia Today is funded in whole or in part by the Russian Government. 
So my question is this, Mr. Speaker: If it is good enough for a bill to be filed by the gentleman from California in 2013, and if it is good enough to talk about it on Russia Today, why is it not good enough to give President Trump the very same powers that he wanted to give to President Obama? That is my question. I am waiting for an answer. 
FIXING OUR BROKEN NUCLEAR WASTE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start by yielding to the chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, Mr. WALDEN . Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman of the Environment Subcommittee, my friend, Mr. SHIMKUS , who has worked tirelessly— not just this year, not just last year, but probably since the first year he came to Congress—to try and find a permanent solution to the storage of nuclear waste in America. He has been a tireless worker in this endeavor, a smart worker in this endeavor, and a successful, so far, worker in this endeavor, as this bill passed out of the committee 49–4. I rise tonight to address this pressing national need, and that is the importance of fixing our broken nuclear waste management program. It was more than 35 years ago that the United States Congress made a commitment to communities throughout our Nation which host spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste. Congress, the Federal Government, agreed to assign the Department of Energy with the responsibility to permanently dispose of hazardous material, nuclear waste, by 1998. There are many of those communities, like in the TriCities in Washington State, colocated with the Department of Energy’s Hanford site just up Columbia River, across the river from where I live and the people I represent. We have been DOE’s partner to help win World War II at that site. It has maintained a nuclear weapon deterrent and powered our fleet of nuclear submarines and aircraft carriers. Additionally, electricity consumers in many other communities have paid the Federal Government more than $40 billion to develop, license, construct, and operate a nuclear waste repository. They have already paid $40 billion to do this, and that was pursuant to the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, the law that Congress enacted. Yet rate payers have little to see for their investment because, I will call it political science, has deprived the public of the actual science to prove that nuclear waste can be safely and permanently disposed of. As a consequence of this political interference, taxpayers and rate payers across the country are on the hook for DOE’s inaction. The American people pay over $2 million every day to temporarily store used fuel scattered throughout the United States. So it is up to us to fix this waste management program and stop this cost that will continue in perpetuity if we don’t act. Now, after hearing from dozens of expert witnesses over many years, the Energy and Commerce Committee developed and passed a bipartisan bill by a vote of 49–4. Mr. SHIMKUS led our effort in this measure. This legislation makes targeted reforms to the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 to set the Federal Government up to finally, finally, keep its promise. Nuclear waste challenges have vexed policymakers for generations. We, this Congress, have the chance now in a bipartisan way to successfully build a durable solution. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to achieve that goal, which brings about tonight’s Special Order. Now, Mr. Speaker, I just want to show something. This is a piece of glass. This is not actually nuclear waste. The Pacific Northwest National Lab, when I visited Hanford a little while back with Secretary Perry, gave me this because it is an example of what the liquid waste, the waste at Hanford, will end up being. b1930 It will look like this in a big cylinder. It is glass. This is what would go to Hanford, and it would be stored safely when that occurs. If we don’t have a repository, these nuclear wastes, in their various forms, will sit around in various locations, not nearly as safe or secure as we can have with the kind of legislation fully enacted that Mr. SHIMKUS has led on. So I thank Mr. SHIMKUS for his leadership on this. And I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their encouragement, their participation, their counsel. We are going to get this thing done. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my chairman, the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), who has actually been a pretty big leader in this issue because of Oak Ridge and the area that he represents. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be before the House of Representatives this evening, and I want to thank Chairman SHIMKUS . When I came to Congress in 2011, I didn’t know many people, and one night I had the privilege of meeting JOHNSHIMKUS from the great State of Illinois. I told him I was from Tennessee, and we started talking. And right away we talked about Yucca Mountain. We talked about nuclear waste, and I told him that I was going to be representing a very special place: Oak Ridge, Tennessee. So let me start by thanking Chairman JOHN SHIMKUS . He has been the hero for the Yucca Mountain project. He has worked tirelessly. He has seen this through the courts. He has seen it through the House. He has worked so hard. I thank him for his efforts. Oak Ridge, Tennessee, it is a beautiful place. I represent the Third District of Tennessee: Oak Ridge, where we had the Manhattan Project, where we won World War II; Oak Ridge, where we won the Cold War; Oak Ridge, where we have worked tirelessly to build our Nation’s nuclear arsenal, and today we are still advocating to do that, to keep America strong—great men and women. But Oak Ridge, like many other places around the Nation—Savannah River, Portsmouth, Hanford—years ago, ladies and gentlemen, when we manufactured our nuclear weapons, we were not as safe and secure as we are today. There was an immediacy. There was a need during World War II to get the bomb built, and we did it in Oak Ridge, and it ended World War II. But for years thereafter, we were not as safe at many of these venues. What does that mean? That means that legacy wastes were left in communities: sometimes in the soil, sometimes in the water, sometimes in facilities. And what that means is that the Federal Government has a duty to these communities to clean this waste up. And this waste has to go somewhere. Now, Chairman SHIMKUS , and we have heard from Chairman WALDEN — for those of you who are listening tonight, they are authorizers. They authorize the law. I sit on the Appropriations Committee. That is the committee in Congress that authorizes the spending for this. I am the chairman of the Nuclear Cleanup Caucus. That is how passionate I am about cleaning up nuclear waste not only in Oak Ridge, Tennessee; Savannah River; or Hanford, but all over these great United States, because we owe this to the American people. The Federal Government caused this problem; the Federal Government needs to clean this up. It is the ultimate, I think, in environmental advocacy. This is something that Republicans and Democrats, Members of the House and Members of the Senate, usually agree upon; and we have worked together in this very important caucus. Why is it important that we pass the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017? Because, first of all, we owe it to the American people. The Department of Energy does a good job in cleanup, but this will revise their programs. It will give what Congress 
should do, give direction to a Federal agency. So, as we advocate for dollars to clean up the nuclear waste, we need this key authorization bill to give it structure, to give it purpose. So, in the end, Yucca is critically important—critically important. And I know the people in these affected communities want Yucca Mountain. That is the interesting thing about it. They want it because they realize it is critically important that we store the waste there: it is important for America; it is important for our environment; it is important to these communities; and it is long overdue. So I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to please work to support H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, and I thank Chairman SHIMKUS . Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Tennessee for his comments, and I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SHIMKUS , as well, for continuing to bring light to the broken promise the Federal Government made to our communities. The State of Minnesota is home to three nuclear reactors, two of which are at the Prairie Island Nuclear Generating Plant in my district. Located directly adjacent to the Prairie Island Indian Reservation and the city of Red Wing, the plant has stored spent nuclear fuel on site since the 1970s. While this is done in a very safe and highly secure manner, storage in close proximity to large communities is simply not appropriate. In 1982, Congress agreed and made it clear that they wanted the Federal Government to oversee and manage the storage of spent fuel. Congress did not want to put the burden and oversight of maintaining safe nuclear storage on our local communities. The Nuclear Waste Policy Act was adopted, and the Federal Government was tasked with creating a national Federal repository for used fuel. The Federal Government began collecting taxes on all users of nuclear power. In the end, my constituents, businesses, and Americans throughout the country have paid roughly $40 billion in taxes and interest. In 1995, due to the inaction at the Federal level, the plant in my district was forced to take matters into their own hands. While they continued to help fund a repository, they also invested in and began operating a dry cask storage area, a pad on site that could hold up to 48 casks of fuel. Now, that should have been more than enough to cover their needs until the Federal Government finished their job. Today, Prairie Island is home to 40 casks, with 7 more expected to be filled by 2020. Thirtysix years after the passage of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, we still have no repository. Prairie Island now has to go through the process of planning to expand their dry cask facilities in order to accommodate fuel they paid the Federal Government to dispose of. So I strongly support the efforts of Chairman SHIMKUS , and that is why I cosponsored the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. We owe it to our communities to follow through on our promise to provide a safe place for storage. Meanwhile, it isn’t just our local communities that are impacted by this inaction. When Congress passed a budget last year, I worked to point out that the Federal Government had assumed major liabilities associated with its failure to provide safe and environmentally friendly storage. The GAO recently reported that the Federal Government’s environmental liability alone is nearly $450 billion and growing. At the same time, the funds collected from taxpayers to open a repository have begun being diverted to other payout settlements and judgments based on our broken promise. By the end of fiscal year 2016, $6.1 billion had been paid out, with the Department of Energy estimating another $25 billion to follow. It is time to keep our promise. Our communities expect it, and the Federal Government cannot afford not to do so. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge passage of the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Minnesota and appreciate him spending this evening with us. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening in support of America’s nuclear energy industry. Today, America leads the world in nuclear energy production and technological advancement. However, the industry faces unique challenges that prevent us from reaching our full potential when it comes to nuclear energy. So I thank Mr. SHIMKUS for hosting this Special Order which gives us a chance to shed light on some of these issues. Over in the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s Energy Subcommittee, we talk a lot about nuclear energy R&D as critical for the United States’ national security and energy dominance. Through our numerous meetings over the course of several years, we have put forth multiple bills which will implement longterm R&D investments that will spur American competitiveness and keep us at the forefront of nuclear energy technology. We will need waste sites. My bill, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, actually provides important policy direction for the Department of Energy Office of Nuclear Energy. First, it provides DOE with statutory directions to leverage its supercomputing infrastructure for modeling and simulation capabilities to develop advanced fission and fusion reactors. Second, this legislation provides DOE with statutory direction to use its authority to enable the national labs to partner with the private sector to construct and operate reactor prototypes at DOE sites and to leverage expertise from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Because nuclear reactors are so expensive and so highly regulated, designing firstofakind reactors requires a blend of creative freedom for engineers testing new designs but assurance of safety throughout that process. DOE sites, particularly the DOE national laboratories, can provide a unique environment that safely allows for this kind of creative testing and development for advanced nuclear technology. Finally, the bill lays out a clear timeline and statutory guidance for DOE to complete a research reactor that will allow for materials and fuels R&D to take place right here in the United States. Currently, this type of research, which requires access to fast neutrons, is only accessible for civilian use in Russia. While modeling and simulation can accelerate R&D, this research must ultimately be validated through a physical source. The versatile neutron source in this bill will enable this vital research. Last month, my bill, which contains funding for this important research reactor, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act, passed this House unanimously. While we at the Science Committee have been working hard on developing the infrastructure for nuclear research and development, I am thankful Mr. SHIMKUS is finding a long term solution to our current challenges with spent nuclear waste. His bill takes an important step forward in authorizing private and interim storage of spent nuclear fuel, while still allowing the Federal Government to responsibly develop a permanent repository for spent nuclear fuel. I applaud Mr. SHIMKUS and the Energy and Commerce Committee’s bipartisan effort to find a productive, constructive answer to this pressing issue. Together, we will ensure that America’s nuclear energy continues to lead the world. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas for his comments. Mr. Speaker, before I introduce the next speaker, I want to highlight that, in the days when people say we don’t work together, there is no bipartisanship shown, I just want to remind folks that this bill came out of our committee 49–4. It has 108 cosponsors, many Democrats on there. So, with that, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ), a new Member of Congress who has been very active and whom I have been proud to get to know. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SHIMKUS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, Pacific Gas and Electric Company announced its 
decision not to relicense the two nuclear reactors at the Diablo Canyon Power Plant in San Luis Obispo County. The plant has been a key economic engine in my district, employing around 1,500 people and powering more than 1.7 million homes in central and northern California. As our community works together to mitigate the economic impacts of this closure, I am committed to helping secure the central coast’s dominance as a hub for renewable energy development. That is why I am introducing legislation later this month that creates renewable energy incentives to offset the loss of jobs and revenue resulting from the Diablo Canyon closure. In addition to economic stability, our community also needs certainty of responsible management and safe storage of nuclear waste after the plant’s closure. The Diablo Canyon Power Plant was built against a seaside cliff near Avila Beach, where it was discovered that its reactors are in proximity to earthquake fault lines. Without a long term solution, Diablo Canyon would become a de facto storage facility for radioactive nuclear waste and would hinder our ability to repurpose any of the scenic coastline where the power plant currently sits. Currently, spent nuclear fuel sits across 39 States in 121 communities, including San Luis Obispo County. b1945 We need a permanent geologic repository to store waste that will last far beyond our lifetimes. Congress must establish responsible interim storage solutions, while continuing to work towards establishing a safe and secure national repository for spent fuel. H.R. 3053 is a good bipartisan solution to establish a process and outline next steps for interim and permanent storage solutions. With the impending decommissioning of Diablo Canyon, it is vital that we act to find a storage solution. I will continue to work to grow business in our area, remove spent fuel safely, and keep our communities safe and thriving as the Diablo Canyon decommissioning moves forward. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague. So we have heard from Oregon, Tennessee, Minnesota, and then from California. Now I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his work on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act. Spent nuclear fuel currently sits in 121 communities across 39 States, simply because we lack a permanent geological repository to dispose of the waste. That is why I am proud to join my colleagues as a cosponsor of H.R. 3053, which would enact critical reforms to our nuclear waste management strategy. Back home, in Georgia’s 12th, we are leading the way in the expansion of our Nation’s nuclear energy resources. My district is the proud home of every nuclear reactor in the State, with an additional two reactors under construction at Plant Vogtle. Nuclear energy is Georgia’s most reliable power source and provides over 6,000 highskilled jobs, many of which are filled by my constituents in Georgia’s 12th. But without a permanent solution, nuclear waste remains on those sites. Now is the time for Congress to act on fulfilling our obligation to dispose of the spent nuclear fuel sitting in our States. I thank the Energy and Commerce Committee for passing this important legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this important bill. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his comments. I now yield to the gentleman from the State of California (Mr. MCNERNEY ), a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, a good friend, also. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. SHIMKUS for yielding. We work together on nuclear waste. I have been to the Yucca Mountain site, and I have seen the work that has gone on there. But, first of all, I just want to say there are a lot of issues out there that we are dealing with here in Congress; so how important is nuclear waste? I mean, we have got the gun issue; we have climate change; we have the economy; we want to create jobs; trade. I mean, there are a lot of issues; so how important is nuclear waste? I mean, it has been festering for decades—for decades—so how urgent is it? You know, we haven’t had a major accident yet, but there are tens of thousands of tons of highlevel nuclear waste sitting in relatively exposed conditions, so what could possibly go wrong? I mean, highlevel nuclear waste is so radioactive that it emits heat. It emits an immense amount of heat. So we could—I will give you a couple of things that could go wrong. The waste could be commandeered and then made into weapons. It doesn’t have to be made into a nuclear fission bomb. It could be made into a dirty bomb. Just put a bunch of nuclear waste with explosive material in some city and that city would be uninhabitable for the rest of our lifetimes, for sure. There also could be waste leakage. We have nuclear waste sitting on the banks of the Missouri River. We have nuclear waste, tons and tons of nuclear waste, highlevel nuclear waste, sitting a quarter mile from the Columbia River, and this is pretty serious stuff. And my friend from Illinois, my colleague from Illinois, I am sure, will tell us about nuclear waste that is on the Great Lakes ready to go. So we have a problem. We have been pretty darn lucky so far. You know, I worked as a graduate student. I was a graduate student in mathematics. I worked for an engineering professor to study the nuclear waste project at WIPP, a waste isolation pilot project near Carlsbad, New Mexico, and I can tell you the technical solutions are there. Nuclear waste can be safely engineered for tens of thousands of years, as long as it needs to be stored. Transportation can be done safely. I have seen train cars that are designed to hold highlevel nuclear waste slammed into concrete walls with no damage to the interior of the car. This stuff can be done. It is not an engineering problem. I mean, the engineering and the geological solutions are there if we put our minds to making it happen. It can be done in engineering. However, nuclear waste is a political problem, and it hasn’t been managed so far. The politics of the Yucca Mountain waste project were very badly managed from the very beginning. A successful nuclear waste storage project will need complete transparency from the very beginning with the local community. There will always be some amount of opposition, but without local buyin, the project is going to fail. Local buy in is absolutely essential. This can be done if there is complete transparency, if the local people understand what the risks are and what the benefits are. This can be done. Mr. Speaker, we need to devote the resources to finding a permanent solution to nuclear waste. Meanwhile, H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017 is a step, a very important step in the right direction. I want to thank my colleague from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) who has worked on this tirelessly for year after year. I know that some people think that he has gone too far in Nevada, but, nonetheless, if we work together and can become transparent, maybe Nevada will never accept nuclear waste, but we have to find a permanent storage solution that can be done. This is a step in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3053 and give this legislation fair and honest consideration. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague for his comments, and I will pull up a chart later on to show that the five surrounding counties have all passed resolutions in support of Yucca Mountain, and there are recent numbers from the northern part of the State that show a very positive movement as far as the acceptance, as long as we show there is a science. And now I will address that in a later discourse. I want to thank my colleague for joining us. I now yield to the gentleman from the State of Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), another member from the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my good friend and chairman of the Subcommittee on Environment’s legislation, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017. 
This legislation is important, not only because of what it means for the future of clean energy opportunities for this country, but also what this means for the safety of our communities. Nuclear energy has become a safe and effective way to generate large amounts of energy capability, while maintaining a source that doesn’t produce greenhouse gas emissions. We have come a long ways from Three Mile Island and the safety standards in place to ensure our communities and our grid aren’t negatively impacted by nuclear energy. The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act would finally put in place a permanent repository for the waste generated by energy production that powers millions of homes and businesses across the United States. As of December, there were 61 nuclear power plants in the United States with 99 operating nuclear reactors. Those nuclear plants provide nearly 20 percent of the country’s energy production capability. This is significant because these plants have continued to provide reliable flows of energy for decades, giving Americans a carbonfree source of energy to fuel their consumption. But one thing hasn’t been addressed: what to do with that spent fuel. We began a process in the 1980s to seek and construct a permanent repository for the Nation’s spent fuel, eventually coming to Yucca Mountain in Nevada. This site was decided upon, due to its geological features, and extensively studied to ensure it could be done in a safe and effective manner. Millions of dollars were spent studying and doing initial project development of the site, but it was eventually halted, and that progress was stalled. While this was going on, ratepayers in 39 States continued to pay towards the cleanup fund for a total of nearly $40 billion. However, that money hasn’t been able to be put towards a permanent repository due to resistance. In Georgia, at Plant Vogtle, we are currently undergoing the only nuclear energy construction project in the country, in large part because of issues that have deterred companies from wanting to expand. That means that people are losing out on energy production, and it actually creates clean energy. My good friend’s legislation authorizes the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and highlevel radioactive waste to find a safe, permanent place in contrast to the temporary locations at each nuclear plant. It also authorizes a consolidated interim storage site to ensure there is an option available for the eventual transition. This is something that needs to get done, and soon. Right now, spent fuel is sitting on site in either dry casks or spent fuel pools without an alternative. Now is the time for us to pass this bipartisan legislation and recognize that we have carbonneutral energy sources in place, and have for decades, but we need to get this across the finish line to support our communities and our country. I urge my colleagues to support the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act because it will give the United States the chance to, once again, be a global leader on our nuclear energy and to secure our communities. I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Georgia for his comments, and now I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURT NEY) for his strong work, his positive statements, and his reaching out so that we could have a national solution to a national problem. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. SHIMKUS for yielding. Again, I am here tonight to join a bunch of my colleagues to speak in strong support of H.R. 3053, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017, which Mr. SHIMKUS has skillfully guided through the Energy and Commerce Committee, again, a 49–4 vote on a committee which basically is challenged, in many instances, with other issues from healthcare and energy policy, you name it. It is really just an amazing accomplishment on his part dealing with one of the thorniest, toughest issues, which, again, has been out there for 30 years, which is, again, how we, as a nation, deal with the tons of nuclear waste that is now piled up and accumulating in over 100 communities around the country. Again, I represent the Second District of Connecticut, the eastern half of the State, which has two operating nuclear facilities. One has been decommissioned, the old Connecticut Yankee facility, which sits very close to the Connecticut River. Again, it has been closed for over a decade. The plant itself has been cut up, dismantled. It is now pretty much, you know, just overgrown with vegetation. But still sitting there is dry cask nuclear spent fuel rods, which, again, are being patrolled every single day, literally, as we are here tonight, by heavily armed guards, which makes perfect sense, because, as has been said by other speakers, again, this is still very dangerous material, and again, very close to one of the largest bodies of waters in new England, the Connecticut River. We also have the Dominion nuclear power plant in Waterford, Connecticut, which today is in full operation. Over 45 percent of the energy consumed in the State of Connecticut is generated at Dominion. It is about 15 percent of New England, because, again, it provides a supply for the rest of the region that is there, and again, this is a plant that goes back decades. We are also the home of the Groton sub base, which is a base where, again, we have 15 attack subs that are deployed there. Again, the Groton sub base was where the USS Nautilus was launched 62 years ago. Admiral Rickover, the father of the nuclear Navy, actually designed that first sub, which was christened by Mamie Eisenhower. Again, that sub was built 5 years after the first lightbulb was powered by nuclear power as a nation; again, a pretty amazing accomplishment that Admiral Rickover was able to build and launch a nuclear submarine, something which the folks at the Navy at the time told him wouldn’t happen for 75 years. Yet, today, the nuclear force, both in terms of submarines and carriers, are the backbone, again, of our away team, the U.S. Navy. So, again, we have a lot of history and experience with the fact that we have got really smart capable people who do amazing things in terms of providing the energy needs but also the national security of this country. But, as has been said, again, a byproduct of that is that nuclear waste which we thought 30 years ago was going to be dealt with with the decision that Congress made to dispose of nuclear waste in a central facility in Nevada that, again, ratepayers have paid year in and year out, $40 billion, as was mentioned earlier, but today is still immobilized. So, again, Mr. SHIMKUS ’ effort, in terms of trying to not just restart the process but also to reform it, again, is such an extraordinary effort that really we, as a House, should really take advantage of and move on a bipartisan basis to enact. b2000 This is not your father’s Yucca Mountain bill that Mr. SHIMKUS got through. It made some changes for fairness in terms of ratepayers. It also created more transparency so that local stakeholders in Nevada will have an opportunity to really help make decisions and see and understand the technology that is being employed there. It also set up an interim process, which, again, if it is over decades, which it is still going to take, that we can at least start moving material out from these over 100 sites situated all across the country, which is so important in terms of reducing costs and reducing national security risk. His proposal, I think, deserves great support and, frankly, congratulations that he has been able to take this on. I would note that the country of Finland has actually started to move forward with their own waste disposal site, the Onkalo Peninsula Depository, which a country that is very progressive in terms of a lot of its policies, but that have shown that the technology is there to safely deposit nuclear waste in a way that has real confidence and is moving forward. We should do it, too. Again, H.R. 3053 is, I think, the roadmap for this country to deal with this problem in a way that is safe, is transparent, and will reduce costs for ratepayers all across the country. I look forward to seeing a vote take place very soon on the floor of the House. And then, frankly, I look forward to a bill signing ceremony at the White House, where Mr. SHIMKUS  
should certainly take a front row seat for his great work. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his remarks. I am glad he brought up the debate and the discussion on the nuclear Navy, because that is really a key part of this debate. The nuclearuse fuel for our nuclear fleet is, by law, directed to be housed at Yucca Mountain. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, may I just make one last point to really underscore that? Mr. Speaker, I am on the Armed Services Committee, and we are in the midst of moving forward with a 355 ship Navy. If you look at the force architecture that is going to be in that growth, it is almost all concentrated in submarines and carriers. The fact of the matter is that the challenge of waste disposal for our national defense and national security is going to be with us for many, many years. To comment again, the gentleman’s proposal is a way for us to deal with that and strengthen our Navy and our national defense. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ), a colleague, a new member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, but no stranger to this issue and this debate. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for holding this Special Order hour to talk about a very critical policy and issue for our country. Mr. Speaker, nuclear energy is a critical component of the United States’ energy matrix. It is no secret that I am passionate about energy independence and nuclear energy as an essential, emissionfree, domestic source of electricity. As we create nuclear energy, we also create nuclear waste. In my district, the Oconee Nuclear Station run by Duke Energy in Oconee County, South Carolina, has 40 years’ worth of nuclear waste sitting at the site. Without a permanent geological repository, nuclear waste will continue to pile up at reactors in South Carolina and all across the Nation. There is currently estimated to be about 4,500 tons of spent nuclear fuel in temporary storage in South Carolina from commercial reactors. Furthermore, there are more than 10,000 tons of military and research nuclear waste at the Savannah River site, just outside my district. Nuclear waste sits idle and is stored in dry casts and wet pools in 121 communities across 39 States. It is imperative that we pass Chairman SHIMKUS ’ legislation, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act, to reform our country’s nuclear waste policy and utilize Yucca Mountain as our main point of nuclear storage. Having nuclear waste dispersed across the country and close to highly populated areas makes zero sense, and is an unnecessary and avoidable risk. The depository at Yucca Mountain, after decades of research, has been independently verified to safely dispose of spent nuclear fuel for a million years. It is the law of the land. It is a perfect site for this. We as a country need to embrace the law of the land. It is a longterm stable storage facility at Yucca Mountain in Nevada. After all the scientific research and money taken from ratepayers, it is time to move forward. It is sad that this project has been mothballed because of politics and has been used as a political football at the expense of the American ratepayers. What do I mean by American ratepayers paying for this? U.S. ratepayers have already paid the Federal Government over $40 billion to develop Yucca Mountain, and currently all U.S. taxpayers are paying over $2 million a day because we have not yet fulfilled our legal obligations. Ratepayers are quite literally paying something for nothing. Ratepayers in my State of South Carolina have already paid $1.3 billion in fees, which were intended to pay for a functioning Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository. Ratepayers in other States which utilize nuclear commercial energy have paid billions more. It is time to put politics aside. Authorize what Congress has already approved and paid for by Americans. Yucca Mountain should not have taken this long to become a reality; not after colossal amounts of money have been poured into this infrastructure project. Members on both sides of the aisle, as you see tonight, are supportive of authorizing the use of Yucca Mountain through the Nuclear Waste Policy Act Amendments. It voted out of the House Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 49–4. Let’s not let the politics of a few get in the way of reforming our nuclear waste policy and ensuring Americans get what they have already paid billions into. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership, and I look forward to working with him to move this forward. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Illinois has 20 minutes remaining. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. SHIMKUS. I do that, Mr. Speaker, because we have had Members from Oregon—I am from Illinois—Tennessee, Minnesota, California, Georgia, South Carolina, Texas, Connecticut come down. Many, many Members from all over this country also wanted to join me here tonight, but they could not, so they will be submitting statements for the RECORD . I appreciate the Chair allowing us to us do that. Mr. Speaker, I also want to highlight a few things and just follow up on some of my colleagues, who I really appreciate coming down and spending their time to talk about the importance of this issue. This issue has national support, I think identified by the 49–4 vote out of the Energy and Commerce Committee. People are very diverse, from all over the country, on the Energy and Commerce Committee. I would encourage people to go to the Energy and Commerce Committee website and look at the members of that committee and how wide and how diverse we are. We are all united on this issue. The national newsmakers and the recorders of what is going on are starting to take interest in solving this problem. We have a couple editorials and statements from some major papers and some smaller ones. Here is The Washington Post: ‘‘Put Yucca Mountain to work. The Nation needs it.’’ As was stated, the law was passed in 1982 and it was amended in 1987. Congressman DUNCAN said it right. This is the law of the land. For the last 8 to 10 years, we have been breaking the law by not moving forward. People have heard me say that numerous times before. Here is The San Diego UnionTribune: ‘‘Revival of Yucca Mountain nuclear waste project overdue.’’ Well, it is 20 years. We should have been receiving spent nuclear fuel and defense waste 20 years ago. Now we are paying judgments because of our inability to comply with the law. Wouldn’t you like the government to do what it says it wants to do and then is planning to do it? And then shouldn’t they do it? Here is Aiken Standard: ‘‘Fed should proceed with Yucca Mountain.’’ Here is the Reason: ‘‘Open the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository.’’ Here is the Los Angeles Times and their statement on this issue: ‘‘The Federal Government needs to renew its efforts to bring the Yucca Mountain site into operation.’’ There is a lot of support in California because they are closing nuclear power plants and they have spent nuclear fuel on the beach, as Congressman CARBAJAL has said. He is talking about San Luis Obispo. I think I will show a chart later on that shows San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station, or SONGS, which is being decommissioned. Here is the Chicago Tribune, from my State: ‘‘Yucca Mountain is the only viable alternative to the juryrigged status quo. We hope the Trump administration and Congress will revive it because if they don’t’’—well, you can read it, right? 
So let me give you an example. It was mentioned by one of my colleagues, and I will talk about Illinois for a little bit. Zion Nuclear Power Station is decommissioned. On the shore of Lake Michigan is spent nuclear fuel. Part of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act Amendments of 2017 does a couple things. It makes sure the authorization language is in place so that we start moving forward on a final repository. We have listened to my colleagues from around the country to say it is not going to move fast enough, even if you start it. Can’t we find some regional temporary locations. Now, in the nuclear timeframe, ‘‘temporary’’ is about 40 years. That is temporary when you are talking about nuclear stuff. So we want to be able to consolidate. What this shows is licensed and operating nuclear spent fuel storage installations. These are just locations where you have nuclear power. And you can see the red dots all over the place, and other nuclear registered locations. I am not talking about the other issue, which is defense locations. That is why I am glad my colleague JOE COURTNEY came down to talk about Connecticut and the nuclear Navy. A colleague that really wanted to be down here was DANNEWHOUSE , who represents Hanford. Hanford is the epitome story of why we need to get our act together as a nation and fulfill our obligations to clean up these sites. This is a defense site. We created waste in the production of our nuclear arsenal. Decades, stored in tanks, toxic sludge underneath the ground that needs to be glassified, as Chairman WALDEN mentioned. And where that glassified toxic sludge is supposed to go is underneath the mountain in a desert in Yucca Mountain. So these are the different locations we have here across the country. As was stated tonight already, 39 States, 121 locations. Thirtynine States, 121 locations. So let me give you a few examples of what we are talking about. My colleague JASON LEWIS was down here earlier, and he mentioned Prairie Island. These are old charts, but they are oldies but goodies because we haven’t done anything. I can go into the dustbin of history when I talk about this on the floor, and the only thing that has changed is there is more spent nuclear fuel on these sites. So you have Prairie Island. You have waste stored aboveground in pools and in casts. You have, in the Mississippi floodplain, on the Mississippi River, 50 miles from MinneapolisSt. Paul versus Yucca Mountain. Now, what do we have at Yucca Mountain? Now, Yucca Mountain is where, by law, we are supposed to be receiving longterm repository. I refer people, there is no nuclear waste on site. Here is the mountain in a desert. The waste will be stored 1,000 feet underground and 1,000 feet above the water table. b2015 The Colorado River is the closest body of water 100 miles away. So that is the example. That is what we want to show to the American people. Would you rather have nuclear waste or defense waste next to your major cities and by major bodies of water, or would you rather have them in a desert underneath a mountain? I had a few Californians down here tonight. Why? Because they are decommissioning nuclear power plants. This is the one I visited just maybe 14 months ago. It is no longer an operating nuclear power station. They are decommissioning it. The waste will be stored onsite. It is the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station. It is between L.A. and San Diego right on the Pacific Ocean. At this time, there are 2,300 waste rods onsite. That has probably increased by a number I don’t know. Waste is stored aboveground. It is adjacent to the Pacific Ocean, and it is located 45 miles from San Diego, versus Yucca Mountain which is located here, which is a mountain in a desert. The waste would be 1,000 feet underground, and that is 1,000 feet above the water table. So I have listened to my colleagues from Nevada. In fact, in this picture, this green area, these are all the counties around the Federal land site that have passed resolutions in support of moving forward. Now, what do the Nevadans tell me? They want to make sure it is safe. How do you make it safe? You decide to adjudicate the science. We give Nevada, as per law, their last chance to question the science. That is what we are trying to do in the appropriation process is get the money to do the final adjudication so that the question can be answered. To my friends from the State of Nevada: Is a mountain in a desert a safe place to store the defense waste and spent fuel? Now, the red part is Federal land. Yucca Mountain would be about right here, a little pinhole. That yellow there is—when you hear people say local consensus, the yellow here is a local consensus from Sweden, and if you notice, it is smaller than the Federal land that we have. So I would argue the local consensus is the Federal Government since it is all that property. Now, why do we have all that property? Because Yucca Flat is there. Because we put nuclear fuel—nuclear waste, in some short and some shade, is already housed there. So, again, it is a great location. I was given a pin tonight from Nye County, and it says, ‘‘Host of Yucca Mountain.’’ So with all due respect to my colleagues from the State of Nevada, when they say that everyone is against it, they are not talking to everyone in the State of Nevada. I have been to Las Vegas, I have been to Reno, and I have been to Pahrump, and there are people that—if proven safe. So I would ask the Governor, allow us to have the litigation to fight the science. That is what he wants to prove, that is what we want to prove, and that is what we need to appropriate the money, get the final adjudication, and then I am convinced that our nuclear scientists, the studies, and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that issued a safety and evaluation report will come out and say: You are not going to find a safer place on this planet; there is no more of a studied location on the planet than Yucca Mountain. So, again, I want to thank my colleagues for coming down to do a couple things. First of all, we want to highlight to our leadership in this House and our appropriators that we need to get money into the final omnibus to do the adjudication to fight for the science, and we have to do that now— issue one. Issue two, there is a bipartisan consensus, as proven by the 49–4 vote in the committee and by 108 cosponsors, and when we get the bill on the floor, a passage of a bill that we probably would project to get 300 votes out of 435. So the nuclear era started in World War II. It was started to beat Hitler to make sure they didn’t win World War II. Then we had the arms race with the Soviet Union. It has helped protect our freedom and liberty. There was a price to pay, environmental degradations across this country. We owe it to these communities and to ourselves to safely gather, store, and protect the environment and protect our citizens. We do that through the appropriation process. We do it by passing the Nuclear Waste Policy Act amendments of 2007. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank my friends from both sides of the aisle for coming down this night. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, in 2002, after extensive research by the Department of Energy (DOE), scientists concluded that Yucca Mountain met all the requirements to act as a repository for high level radioactive waste. After which, the DOE applied for the license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to begin construction of the Yucca Mountain facility. Unfortunately, due to political brinksmanship, those plans have stalled indefinitely, despite the fact that ratepayers have contributed nearly $30 Billion to the nuclear waste fund, which is specifically designated to be used for Yucca Mountain. The federal government and taxpayers have dedicated enormous resources to completing the nuclear storage facility at Yucca Mountain. However, the Obama Administration did everything in its power to stall the completion of the facility, holding up construction under political red tape—even though the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s own safety evaluation found it would not be a threat to the local population of Nevada as it would benefit all of America. Thankfully, the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017 will finally remove 
unnecessary burdens to make much needed improvements to our national nuclear waste strategy. This legislation is especially important to the residents of South Carolina. South Carolina ratepayers have invested over $1.3 billion into Yucca over the last 30 years—that’s in addition to the billions of dollars collected from ratepayers across the country. During this time, states like South Carolina have remained de facto repositories for nuclear waste. The federal government should finish what they started and complete the Yucca Mountain license application. Currently, SNF is stored in 121 different neighborhoods, across 39 states—all waiting to be moved to a permanent location. The Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act will address the concerns of communities across the country, in a costeffective manner, and passed the Energy and Commerce Committee with bipartisan support, 49 members voting in favor and only 4 against. I am grateful for the opportunity to support this legislation, and am hopeful that it will provide much needed clarification on the disposal of spent nuclear fuel. I am grateful that text from my bill, the Sensible Nuclear Waste Disposition Act was included in this bill and thank Chairman JOHN SHIMKUS for his leadership. 
SEPARATE AND UNEQUAL: RACISM AND POVERTY 50 YEARS AFTER THE KERNER REPORT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of the Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor that I rise today to anchor the CBC Special Order. I would like to thank the CBC chairman, Chairman RICHMOND , for his leadership in this effort. For the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the millions of constituents we represent. Tonight, Mr. Speaker, I want to speak about a topic that has affected this country and plagued us all. Over 50 years ago, in the middle of the Detroit riot, President Lyndon B. Johnson established the National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders, commonly known as the Kerner Commission. The goal of that Commission was to identify the underlying causes of the civil unrest in communities across the country. This was a time of tremendous tension in our great Nation. Many Americans were confused about the root causes of the riots and the unsure path forward. On February 29, 1968, following several field trips to troubled communities, the Commission released the Kerner Report, a 176page report that examined cultural institutional racism, from segregated schools and housing discrimination to generational poverty and to limited economic opportunity. The Commission largely held racism responsible for Black rioting and warned that our Nation is moving to two societies, one Black, one White— separate and unequal. The Commission called for bold policies to counter decades of political failure, such as investment in muchneeded social services, housing, and education programs; and incentivizing diversity among law enforcement. Sadly, President Johnson ignored the Kerner Report and rejected its recommendations. In the midst of that, we had the assassinations of several prominent Americans: President John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, and Dr. Martin Luther King. Fifty years later, America has made some improvements, but African Americans continue to face some of the same issues discussed in the Kerner Report. Since its release, Black American homeownership has been flat, and unemployment is still twice that of White Americans. The Black prison population has tripled here in America. It used to be two other countries, South Africa during the apartheid years and the former Soviet Union, had more people in prison. Now the United States has more people in prison than any nation in the world. Black household wealth is less than onefifth of the national average, and almost 33 percent of Black children are growing up in poverty. Recently, Fred Harris, the last living member of the Kerner Commission, issued a new report highlighting the persistent issues plaguing the Black community and calling on major investments in education, workforce development, and a living wage. This comes in stark contrast to the severe cuts proposed by President Trump in the fiscal year 2019 budget. Today, in fact, I attended a meeting for the CEO Council for Growth at Drexel University. The council’s mission is to lead our region forward by convening decisionmakers, taking action, and doing the things necessary to strengthen our regional economy. With poverty at 26 percent in my district, I am committed to working with the CEOs present at today’s meeting and others who are using creativity and innovation to help reduce poverty, combat hunger, and spur economic growth. I also attended a discussion at Temple University in Philadelphia. Although the recently passed budget was by no means perfect, I firmly believe that our leadership and our actions matter. So it was great to hear firsthand from professors at Temple University today about how the recent jolt in NIH funding will allow them to keep their research on the rise. If we want to continue moving the needle on poverty reduction, we must make it our priority to invest in all of our neighborhoods. We are in the business of doing no harm. As elected officials, we are here to help move our neighborhoods forward, not backward, and we must continue to urgently press for commonsense economic solutions for Americans most in need. I stand before you today to tell you just as I have always done before, we must continue to make ideas matter. We must push for commonsense solutions to help move us past the conditions that led to the Kerner Report. Mr. Speaker, I have my colleague from California (Ms. LEE) here, who is someone whom I have watched and observed. As a matter of fact, she is the chair leading the effort from the Democratic perspective on attacking this issue of poverty. She has been in the forefront of this particular issue, and her voice is heard throughout this entire Nation, the Honorable BARBARA  LEEfrom the 13th District. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Congressman DWIGHT EVANS for, once again, hosting this very important Special Order and for really continuing this fight for racial and economic justice both here in the House of Representatives but also in his congressional district. So I thank the gentleman very much for his tremendous leadership. Fifty years ago at the height of the civil rights movement, violence erupted in cities across America. Over generations, systemic racism had produced what Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., called a tale of two cities. One city was bright and full of opportunity for a select few, and another city was shrouded in darkness and locked in a neverending cycle of poverty. African Americans, suffocating under the pressure of institutional racism and discrimination, took to the streets. After race riots erupted in Watts and Chicago; Newark, New Jersey; and Detroit, our government took notice. President Johnson convened the Kerner Commission, which Congressman EVANS laid out, which had three goals to investigate the root cause of the unrest. Many activists and civil rights leaders were concerned that the Commission wouldn’t reveal the true facts. But to our surprise—and I remember this very clearly—the report was brutally honest. According to the report, White racism was responsible for the rising tensions and explosive violence ripping our Nation apart. So that should have been a wakeup call. 
b2030 Racism had created two societies: one Black, one White, separate and unequal. The report identified the problem and proposed a series of targeted solutions that could right this terrible wrong. According to the report, there were three options for our government: One, do nothing, which would result in more riots and economic devastation and racial division in our country; Two, we could make robust investments into AfricanAmerican neighborhoods and schools; Three, take racism and discrimination headon, removing discriminatory barriers that lock African Americans into poverty and prevent them from accessing the basics and a basic standard of living. Option three, of course, could have drastically changed the lives of millions of African Americans. Sadly, the Kerner Commission’s report was largely ignored. Again, Congressman EVANS  laid that out. Instead of investing in education, employment opportunities, livable wages, raising incomes, and pathways out of poverty, this country, unfortunately, has allowed institutional racism to divide this Nation. Of course, we have made some progress, but this updated report clearly shows that is not nearly enough. We really are still a divided country. As a result, the findings of the 1968 Kerner Commission’s report remain constant to this very day. In 1968, almost half of all students of color, primarily African Americans, went to majorityWhite schools. Today, that number has plummeted to 20 percent. In 1968, the unemployment rate for African Americans was 6.7 percent. Today, 7.5 percent of African Americans are unemployed. In 1968, African Americans were 5.4 times as likely as Whites to be in prison or in jail. Today, African Americans are 6.4 times as likely as Whites to be incarcerated. Five decades have passed and economic inequality still prevents the AfricanAmerican community from accessing the American Dream. I represent the 13th Congressional District of California, which includes Alameda County. While some are witnessing and experiencing enormous wealth and economic growth in my district, 43 percent of AfricanAmerican children in Oakland are living in poverty, 23.6 percent of African Americans in my district are locked in poverty, and the average income for African American families in the San Francisco Bay Area is $46,571 a year, compared to White families, who make more than $109,000. That is in my district in the San Francisco Bay Area. This gap is one of the hugest gaps in the country. It is a total disgrace. We should be leveling the economic playing field for African Americans across the Nation. Instead, we throw Black workers meager wages and apply trickledown economics that only benefit the rich. Our Federal Government should provide the impetus, incentive, and investment for goodpaying jobs for African American workers. Instead, this administration is attacking unions and produced a budget that guts job training programs and a tax law that makes it easier to ship jobs overseas. We should be investing in affordable housing, which, yes, is a basic human right for everyone, including the AfricanAmerican community. Instead, this administration is weakening fair housing laws and rationing off affordable housing funding. The majority of this administration’s proposed budget—the cuts, especially— will disproportionately negatively impact African Americans and people of color. This really is a twisted and sick reality that shouldn’t be possible in the United States of America. But members of the Congressional Black Caucus are here tonight to say that we continue to be determined to change this reality because, yes, Black lives do matter. We are here to tell the truth about what is dividing America: racism. It is manifest in many forms in our policy, in our budget, in our funding priorities, and in many, many ways. In January, a group of nearly 100 religious leaders came together to issue a unity declaration on racism and poverty. Mr. Speaker, I include in the record a letter, a document, entitled, ‘‘Unity Declaration on Racism and Poverty,’’ and a document entitled, ‘‘Circle of Protection.’’ 
UNITY DECLARATION ON RACISM AND POVERTY  As leaders from diverse families of U.S. Christianity, we are called by the Spirit to work together with new urgency against the resurgence of racism and the persistence of poverty in America. We see around us an increase of harmful attitudes and policies toward people of color and people in need. That painful reality and the current push for trillions of dollars in cuts to antipoverty programs are bringing us together in a new way. While we have different positions on other questions, we are united on the gospel and biblical teaching on poverty and racism— feeling invited to do so by the grace of God in Jesus Christ. 
THEOLOGICAL ISSUES  The integral relationship between poverty and racism unifies us against both. They are both issues to which the gospel of Jesus Christ speaks—which also calls us to love our neighbors, without exceptions. Our unity on these issues is because they are theological issues for us, not merely political or partisan ones. These fundamentally biblical concerns challenge all of us and both of the major political parties. Racism is a sin that goes back to the founding of our nation. At its root, racism is in conflict with the opening declaration in Genesis 1, that we are all made in the image and likeness of God. Racism literally throws away the biblical principle of imago dei—the image of God in all of us, with no exceptions. Racism is a sin against God and all of God’s children. Therefore, the whole counsel of God calls us to preach against the sin of racism from all of our churches’ pulpits and call for repentance. The body of Christ is perhaps the most diverse racial community in the world. When people of color in the body of Christ suffer— while many white members of the body of Christ do not acknowledge their pain—we are violating the principle laid down in 1 Corinthians 12: that we are one body with many parts, who suffer with and honor one another. As Galatians instructs us, ‘‘there is no more Jew or Greek, bond or free, male or female, because we are all united as one in Christ’’ (3:28). The historical sin of racism lingers on in America today, continuing and evolving in our social systems of economics and education, policing and criminal justice, housing and gentrification, voting rights and suppression, in our racial geography, and, painfully, in the continued segregation of our churches, which adds to our own complicity. Racism is more than individual behavior, language, and overt hostility toward particular people. Racism is systematic and structural in America and harms people of color in very specific, measurable, and tangible ways. The failure to defend the lives and dignity of people living in poverty, by individuals or governments, is also a sin against God, with 2,000 verses in the Bible clearly outlining God’s fundamental concern for people who are poor, vulnerable, and oppressed, instructing the people of God to protect and help them and holding political leaders responsible for them. Jesus says, in Matthew 25, that how we treat the ‘‘least of these’’ is how we treat Christ himself. The world and our country have made progress against poverty in recent decades. It is possible to make further progress—perhaps virtually end—hunger and extreme poverty in our time. We see the alleviation of material misery as an experience of God’s loving presence in our own time, and believe that God wants us to seize this opportunity. TO OUR CHURCHES : WHAT WE ARE DOING AND  
CAN DO  Most of our churches are active in helping people in need, struggling people within their congregations or in their communities. We need to do more, but many of our churches directly help millions of people every day. Local church leaders often work to bridge the racial divides in our communities, and many are searching for authentic and specific ways to address the rise of white supremacy. Since the God of the Bible requires social justice and charity, our churches and many of our members also work to influence public policies. Christians have a wide array of political viewpoints. But a majority of the leaders of national church bodies have spoken out repeatedly against cuts to programs that provide help and opportunity to hungry and poor people in our country and around the world. We have also spoken out against renewed expressions of white racism, ethnic nationalism, and hateful attitudes toward people of color, immigrants, refugees, Jews, and Muslims. Many of us are active in support of immigration reform, criminal justice reform, and voting rights for all. We are deeply troubled by the budget proposals coming from Congress and the president. They outline more than $2 trillion of cuts in programs for hungry and poor people in our country and around the world. These cuts would hurt struggling people of all races, including millions of low and middle income people who need safetynet programs at some time in their lives. The hardest hit would be African American, Latino, and Native American communities, where the poverty rate is already high, and among people in the poorest countries in the world. The threat over the coming year of this broad assault on antipoverty programs that 
support families struggling to make ends meet is unifying us—bringing us together in a more vigorous, multiracial Christian movement to maintain a circle of protection around all people in poverty and God’s children of color in particular, who are disproportionally impacted. 
OUR NATION ’S POLITICS  We appeal to the president and Congress to work together for the common good. We especially call upon political leaders who are also people of faith to protect all the people in our country and world who are struggling with economic deprivation and frustration, hunger and poverty, disability and disadvantage—and racial bigotry that often contributes to inaction and hardheartedness. God’s love for all people moves us to reach out to people and leaders all across the political spectrum. We respect and pray for all those who are in authority—that our nation and world ‘‘may lead a quiet and peaceable life’’ (1 Timothy 2:1–2). Conservative and liberal people, and those with differing political philosophies, may disagree on how to live up to our nation’s ideals, but our loving God calls all of us to work together for liberty and justice for everyone. We appeal to all people, especially Christians, to actively work against racism and poverty—in their personal and local engagement and as advocates for public policies that foster racial equity and healing, shared prosperity, and peace in our country and worldwide. The spiritual power of a fresh, energetic, multiracial Christian movement against both racism and poverty is our prayer. So help us God. 
SIGNATORIES  Rev. Eddy M. Alema´n, Strategic Director of Leadership Development and Hispanic Ministries, Reformed Church in America Rev. Dr. David Anderson, Founder/Senior Pastor, Bridgeway Community Church; President and CEO, BridgeLeader Network Archbishop Vicken Aykazian, Diocesan Legate and Ecumenical Director, Armenian Orthodox Church Bishop Carroll Baltimore, President and CEO, Global Alliance Interfaith Network Dr. Jay Barnes, President, Bethel University Bishop George E. Battle, Senior Bishop, AME Zion Church Rev. David Beckmann, President, Bread for the World Rev. Traci D. Blackmon, Executive Minister of Justice and Local Church Ministries, The United Church of Christ Bishop Charles E. Blake, Presiding Bishop And Chief Apostle, Church of God in Christ Rev. Samuel Borbon, Associate Missioner for Latino/Hispanic Ministry and Program Development, Episcopal Church USA Rev. Dr. Peter Borgdorff, Executive Director Emeritus, Christian Reformed Church in North America Carol BremerBennett, Director, World Renew USA Dr. Amos Brown, Chair, Social Justice Commission, National Baptist Convention USA, Inc. Bishop Rosetta Bryson, Presiding Prelate, The Reconcile Group Sister Simone Campbell, SSS, Executive Director, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice Dr. Tony Campolo, CoFounder, Red Letter Christians Rev. Galen Carey, Vice President of Government Relations, National Association of Evangelicals Mr. Patrick Carolan, Executive Director, Franciscan Action Network Mr. John Carr, Director, Initiative on Catholic Social Thought and Public Life, Georgetown University Dr. Iva Carruthers, General Secretary, Samuel DeWitt Proctor Conference Dr. Fernando Cascante, Executive Director, AETH & The Justo Center Rev. Noel Castellanos, President, CCDA Rev. Walter Contreras, Vice President, NaLEC; Pasadena Presbyterian Church Dr. Leslie CopelandTune, Director, Ecumenical Poverty Initiative The Most Rev. Michael B Curry, Presiding Bishop and Primate, The Episcopal Church Rev. Joshua Dubois, Founder and CEO, Values Partnerships Rev. Jose´Garcı´a, Senior Advisor for Prayer and Strategic Initiatives, Bread for the World Mr. Vince Gonzales, Chair, Racial and Social Justice Task Force, Churches Uniting In Christ Rev. Wesley GranbergMichaelson, General Secretary Emeritus, Reformed Church in America; Chair of Board of Directors, Sojourners The Most Reverend Wilton D. Gregory, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Atlanta Dr. Jeffrey Haggray, Executive Director, American Baptist Home Mission Societies Dr. Cynthia Hale, Founding Pastor, Ray of Hope Christian Church; Member, Disciples of Christ Forest E. Harris, Sr., President, American Baptist College, Director of Black Church Studies, Vanderbilt University Divinity School Dr. Frederick D. Haynes, III, Chairman, The Samuel DeWitt Proctor Conference Richard B. Hays, George Washington Ivey Professor of New Testament, Duke Divinity School Rev. Mitchell Hescox, President and CEO, Evangelical Environmental Network Dr. Roberto Hodgson, Director, Multicultural Ministries Church of the Nazarene Dr. Shirley Hoogstra, President, Council of Christian Colleges & Universities Rev. Teresa HordOwens, General Minister, Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Dr. Joel C. Hunter, Faith Community Organizer; Chair, Central Florida Commission on Homelessness; Chair, Community Resource Network Hyepin Im, President and CEO, Faith and Community Empowerment Rev. Dr. Dale T. Irvin, President and Professor of World Christianity, New York Theological Seminary Rev. John K. Jenkins, Pastor, First Baptist Church of Glenarden and Board Member, National Association of Evangelicals Sister Carol Keehan, DC, President and CEO, Catholic Health Association of the United States Eric LeCompte, Executive Director, Jubilee USA Network Rev. Dr. Jo Anne Lyon, General Superintendent Emerita, The Wesleyan Church Mr. John Lyon, President, World Hope International Rev. Carlos Malave´
, Executive Director, Christian Churches Together Sister Donna Markham OP, PhD, President and CEO, Catholic Charities Rev. Dr. Walter Arthur McCray, President, National Black Evangelical Association Rev. John L. McCullough, President and CEO, Church World Service Bishop Vashti McKenzie, 117th Elected and Consecrated Bishop, AME Church Bishop Darin Moore, Presiding Prelate of the MidAtlantic Episcopal District, AME Zion Church Rev. Dr. Otis Moss, Jr., CoConvener National African American Clergy Network Rev. F. Salvador Orellana, National Coordinator for Latino Ministries, Intercultural Ministries American Baptist Home Missions Society Rev. Rube´n N. Ortiz, Latino Field Coordinator, Cooperative Baptist Fellowship The Most Reverend Richard E. Pates, Roman Catholic Bishop of Des Moines Rev. Dr. James C. Perkins, President, Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc Rev. Daniel Prieto, M.A.R. Chairman, National Hispanic Commission; Missional Coach & Hispanic Multiplication Coordinator, Foursquare Church Agustin Quiles, Orlando, Florida SoongChan Rah, Professor of Church Growth and Evangelism, North Park Theological Seminary Ms. Diane E. Randall, Executive Secretary, Friends Committee on National Legislation Senior Bishop Lawrence Reddick, CEO, Christian Methodist Episcopal Church Bishop Frank Madison Reid III, Presiding Bishop, AME Ecumenical & Urban Affairs Dr. W. Franklin Richardson, Chairman, Conference of National Black Churches Jose Luis (Pepe) Romero, Hispanic Affairs Specialist, United States Conference of Catholic Bishops Andrew Ryskamp, Executive Director Emeritus, World Renew Dr. Stephen Schneck, Director of the Institute for Policy Research & Catholic Studies, The Catholic University of America Dr. Ronald Sider, President Emeritus, Evangelicals for Social Action Rev. Arthur Simon, President Emeritus, Bread for the World Dr. T. DeWitt Smith, CoConvener, National African American Clergy Network Rev. Eldridge Spearman, Pastor, Mt. Jezreel Baptist Church, National Baptist Convention, USA Inc. Gregory E. Sterling, Henry L Slack Dean and Lillian Claus Professor of New Testament, Yale Divinity School Ervin R. Stutzman, Executive Director, Mennonite Church USA Rev. Lori Tapia, National Pastor for Hispanic Ministries, Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Rev. Adam Taylor, Executive Director, Sojourners Dr. Steven Timmermans, Executive Director, Christian Reformed Church in North America Bishop Joseph W. Walker, III, International Presiding Bishop, Full Gospel Baptist Church Fellowship International, Inc. Rev. Jim Wallis, President and Founder, Sojouners Colin P. Watson, Director of Ministries and Administration, Christian Reformed Church in North America Dr. Barbara WilliamsSkinner, CoConvener, National African American Clergy Network; President, Skinner Leadership Institute Rev. Jim Winkler, President and National Secretary, National Council of Churches Bishop Jesse Yan˜ez, Director, Church of God of the Prophecy N.A. CIRCLE OF PROTECTION , January 29, 2017 DEARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : As the president and Congress are preparing their plans for this year, almost 100 church leaders— from all the families of U.S. Christianity— are sharing a common ‘‘Unity Statement’’ on racism and poverty. As Christians, we are grounded in God’s love for all people, and we feel called to ask our churches and political leaders of both parties to work together to overcome racism and poverty which are theological, biblical, and gospel issues for us, not merely political or partisan ones. This moment in time and the clear movement of the Spirit have brought diverse multiracial church leaders together over the last several months for dinner conversations and times of prayer. Out of those moving times together, we developed a Unity Statement on Racism and Poverty. It has attracted many more racially and theologically diverse church leaders and is now 
embraced by the Circle of Protection, the broadest group of Christian leaders focused on poverty. The leaders who have signed this statement are from AfricanAmerican, Hispanic, AsianAmerican, Native American, Evangelical, Catholic, Pentecostal, and mainline Protestant churches; and many national faithbased organizations. We are all committed to help build a fresh, newly energetic, multiracial Christian movement to make the integral connection between racism and poverty and seek the spiritual power to end both. We are also committed to working in alliance with other faith communities on the crucial intersection of racism and poverty as it is worked out in public policies. While the Circle of Protection is a Christian group, we believe this statement reflects the values and principles of people of diverse faiths. We are purposefully sending you this statement before you go to your respective retreats. In addition to reading this statement thoughtfully, we ask for the following three things: first, we ask you to discuss this statement and the issues central to it—racism and poverty—at your retreats; second, we ask you to incorporate these concerns into your policy decisions and legislation in 2018 and beyond; third, we ask you to convene meetings with faith leaders in your communities to plan followup action on these issues in your states and districts. Racism and poverty are systemic issues that are central to the Bible and the teachings of Jesus. Therefore, they are critical to policy choices made by political leaders of faith and conscience. We will be following up with you directly to see how we can be helpful and useful to you as you consider these deeply biblical and theological issues. We believe if we Christians from diverse backgrounds and traditions were known, not mostly for our divisions, but for our unity in a shared commitment to faithfully address both racism and poverty—together—it could be powerful force—both for our churches and the country. So help us God. REV. JIMWALLIS , President and Founder, Sojourners; DR. BARBARA WILLIAMS  SKINNER , CoConvener, National AfricanAmerican Clergy Network and President, Skinner Leadership Institute; REV. DAVID BECKMANN , President, Bread for the World; REV. CARLOS MALAVE ´, Executive Director, Christian Churches Together USA (in his personal capacity). 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to share a passage from the unity statement that was developed. This was an ecumenical group of over 100 religious denominations: ‘‘Racism is more than individual behavior, language, and overt hostility toward particular people. Racism is systematic and structural in America and harms people of color in very specific, measurable, and tangible ways.’’ Mr. Speaker, the Kerner report, unfortunately, was ignored, and 50 years later, we are still feeling and reaping the consequences. The difficult truth is that, until we address the impact of the middle passage and slavery of generations of African Americans and believe that truth and reconciliation must happen, 50 years from now, two cities will have destroyed the very fabric of our Nation. As the unity declaration goes on to say: ‘‘Racism is a sin that goes back to the founding of our Nation.’’ We know what is plaguing our society, and we know what to do about it. The time for talk is over. It is time we do what is right for all Americans. Yes, Black lives do matter. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I heard the gentlewoman say, obviously, 1968, and we are now in 2018. I yield to the gentlewoman to tell me what she thinks, in terms of the conditions in 1968, which were obviously the riots, to where we are in 2018. I know there has been some progress, but in terms of things moving back. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, in many communities, housing was segregated. We passed fair housing laws. Affordable housing now is out of reach for many African Americans. This administration is now gutting all of our fair housing programs, our public housing programs, our Section 8 programs. The banks, of course, did target AfricanAmerican communities for these subprime scam loans. Unfortunately, any equity that had been built in the homes that we purchased after 1968 is gone. So the wealth gap is huge. It is greater than what it was probably in 1968. When you look at the number of African Americans who were unemployed in 1968, I believe it was a little over 5 percent. Now we are looking at 7 percent. When you look at the incarceration rates for the war on drugs, the marijuana laws in this country, especially in the eighties and the impacts of that, we have so many of our young African American men incarcerated for misdemeanor and felony charges for marijuana distribution and use. We are looking at mass incarceration that has taken place since 1968 of AfricanAmerican young men and women. So, yes, we have made a lot of progress. I stand here as the 100th Black Member of Congress. Mr. EVANS  is here. We have a Congressional Black Caucus that has increased in size. We have many, many allies in our fight. But I think what we haven’t addressed is the issue of racism and institutional racism, because it is so subconscious for so many people until many decisions are made which negatively impact the AfricanAmerican community. So from 1968 to now, we have made some progress. We have some great professionals, people doing wonderful things in our community. We have great leaders. We have great scientists, lawyers, doctors, teachers, firefighters, and workers. We have so many people who have been able to lift themselves into the middle class, but we have left so many behind. That is the point, I think, that, while this new report shows that some of us have progressed, we didn’t do what was necessary to bring everyone along with us, to lift everyone out of poverty in the Black community and provide for a level playing field for equality, for parity, and for a pathway into the American Dream. That is really very sad and very shameful, but I have a lot of hope that our young people and that we here in the House and that the country really begin to understand that we have to address the root causes of what has happened in this country as it relates to the middle passage and slavery, and to understand that what we see today in these respects that cause these economic and racial disparities go right back to the unfortunate, devastating, and horrific middle passage. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman to speak about the panel she is leading on poverty. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, several years ago, we established the Whip’s Task Force on Poverty, Inequality, and Opportunity. For so many years, I wanted to see our caucus talk about more issues relating to lowincome and working people and people of color. I really appreciate our whip, STENY  HOYER , and our leader, N ANCY PELOSI , for rallying around this concept of looking around all these issues of poverty, inequality, and opportunity. We put together this task force to begin to look at the policies that not only we need to support that are lifting people out of poverty, but what we need to do to fight against some of the policies and funding priorities that would lead more people into the ranks of the poor. This task force now has over 100 people. We have meetings with experts, with organizations that are doing wonderful work throughout the country in communities of color and lowincome communities and the Black communities, really demonstrating that there are some grassroots efforts and community efforts that, while here in Congress we haven’t been able to change many policies, at the grassroots levels and the community level there are some wonderful people doing some great things to help lift people out of poverty and into the middle class. So we try to highlight and showcase those organizations and individuals so that we can replicate them around the country, so that, until we can get the policies right, we can support those efforts that are taking place that are really doing a wonderful job. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), someone I had the pleasure of spending time with. We have a little running conversation with the Eagles playing in the Super Bowl. He has turned out to be a very good friend in spite of that. He has traveled this Nation and been very thoughtful in his comments and the things he has said. He wanted to really weigh in on this subject. He has been in the forefront of economic opportunity, poverty reduction, racism, and income equality. He has been in there. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, even though the gentleman from Pennsylvania’s football team, the Eagles, beat the Vikings pretty badly, I forgive him for that because at least they beat New England and Tom Brady. Now, on to the serious business. I thank the gentleman, Mr. EVANS , for hosting this Special Order talking about the Kerner Commission. I was born and raised in the city of Detroit. I am honored to represent Minnesota. I am a Minnesotan and very proud of Minnesota, but I started life out in the city of Detroit. I remember 1968. I was born in August of 1963. I distinctly remember the riots. As a small child, my father was a medical professional, and I remember him being gone for long hours, coming home extremely tired. I remember the earnest conversations my parents were having, talking about the riots. I remember looking outside my door and seeing militarystyle vehicles driving by, which is something we didn’t really see. I remember being afraid because we heard some noises, and my mother had me and my brothers get under the bed. I had no idea, really, what was going on, but those memories for me are very vivid because, when you are a child and your parents are afraid, you can feel it. I don’t think I will ever forget it. As I got older, I wanted to know more about the causes of the riots, and I learned and read about the Kerner Commission. The Kerner Commission’s report was designed to focus on all of the civil disturbances that had been happening in the United States, including the Detroit riot, which I was alive and have some memory of. b2045 I think it is difficult for young people who want to understand the Kerner Commission report—a report that was prophetic, a report that was thorough and important, a report that was actually a pretty good piece of literature that had good recommendations that our country has never really taken seriously. But to understand this report and to really delve into the roots of it, I think it is important, Mr. Speaker, to understand that, before 1968, before there ever was a Kerner Commission report, our country, the United States, was a slaveholding nation for about 250 years. If you mark AfricanAmerican presence in the United States from 1619 and you say slavery officially ended in 1865, America, our country, the United States, was a slaveholding nation longer than it was not one—longer, actually longer. This country held men, women, and children in bondage in absolute absence of freedom for longer than it has not, which is particularly ironic, given that our country is dedicated to liberty and freedom. Literally millions of Americans existed in a state of antifreedom, which is slavery. We have yet to contemplate it. I remember going to law school studying property and contracts. We never talked about America’s greatest amount of property, which is human property. We never actually asked: What is the law about leasing on slaves? What is the law about property ownership on slaves? What is this species of property? We talked about real estate. We talked about other forms of property. We talked about intellectual property. But for many years of this Nation’s history, the predominant form of property was human property in the United States, and we never stopped to even slow down. I bet you there is not more than two or three law schools in the United States that take on this topic so that people can really understand the ground upon which we stand. We are in the U.S. Capitol, built by people who were not free. In this cathedral of freedom, the people who built it were not free for 250 years. People stand by and say: Why don’t you all get over that? You are always talking about that. I say: Well, you all still celebrate the Fourth of July. We are all proud on the Fourth of July that happened in 1776, but we are not supposed to talk about an institution that prevailed in the United States for most of its history. And it wasn’t quite over in 1865, was it? No. In 1865, we passed the 13th Amendment banning involuntary servitude. We passed the 14th Amendment granting citizenship in, I think, 1868. In 1870, we passed the 15th Amendment granting Black men the right to vote. This is essentially war measures. I am glad they exist, trust me. I am quite grateful they exist. But when you consider that over 200,000 Black soldiers took up arms to keep the Union— the Union—it was the very least that could happen that Black men would get to vote. Black women didn’t get to vote. But then after that, it is important, Mr. Speaker, to bear in mind another phenomenon took place. By 1877, the TildenHayes compromise was effected, in which there was a dead heat political election. And the Republicans of that day, who, ironically, were the people who were against slavery at that time and against racism and bigotry, they said: We are tired of fighting about racism, slavery, and what is to happen with the Freedman. We will pull Union troops out of the South if you Democrats give us the election. That allowed Rutherford B. Hayes to become President. Samuel Tilden did not become the President, but the Southerners, Democrats at that time, got what they wanted. This phenomenon that occurred after that was the end of reconstruction. Lynching, slavery by another name, and true terrorism, under the auspices of the Ku Klux Klan, reined in America at this time. Pulaski, Tennessee, was the home of the Klan. But there were many other White supremacist groups that received the sanction of our government. In fact, one might even argue that the whole government of the State of Indiana at one time was dominated by the Klan. People interested in this phenomena can study a very important piece of film and book called ‘‘Slavery By Another Name,’’ that talked about convict leasing. The 13th Amendment says that you cannot hold anybody in an involuntary servitude unless convicted of a crime. That loophole allowed our country to use the criminal justice system to push Black men into it to take advantage of their labor through convict leasing. And even though the industry in Alabama of steelmaking really had not taken root during slavery, it did take root after slavery. The people who mined the iron ore and who worked in those mines were, essentially, in convict leasing. Convict leasing prevailed in our country up until the 1930s and 1940s. In fact, cotton production dropped after the Civil War, but then went back up because of convict leasing because Black men and women were held in bondage through an unjust criminal justice system that forced them to work cotton up until mechanization made hand cotton picking not advantageous anymore. That, together with the sharecropping system, maintained that system. We think about the Kerner Commission report, we think about the riots of 1968, 1965, and 1966, all of these things, Black rage exploding on the national scene, and people ask: What are they mad about? Two hundred and fifty years of slavery and 100 years after Jim Crow after that might make you a little upset. Black people never missed a war. AfricanAmerican soldiers helped fight for the Union; AfricanAmerican soldiers helped fight in Korea; the SpanishAmerican war. As a matter of fact, you can’t name a military conflict that Black people didn’t fight for this country and die for it. Yet, after the service, usually we came back to racism and discrimination. There is a great movie out now called ‘‘Mudbound’’ about this very phenomena. If people want to learn more about this, they can look at this film ‘‘Mudbound’’ about a Black soldier who comes back, gets treated with human dignity in Europe, comes back to Mississippi, and then gets lynched. This is our country. I am proud of my country and I love my country, but I am not blind to it. The Kerner Commission tried to open our eyes and tell us what was really going on. One of the phenomenon—and I would like to just note this—is that one of the many ways that racism manifested itself is through residential segregation. Blacks were not allowed to live in certain areas, work in certain areas, and, in 1903, the great Woodrow 
Wilson kicked Black people out of Federal employment. His reason was that we carry disease. This is in the modern era. Black people were relegated to living in certain neighborhoods. And, actually, when it was found to be illegal to say Blacks can’t live in this neighborhood by the Supreme Court, then that is when redlining took hold. Residential segregation was so effective, Mr. Speaker, for 50 years, that we now in America today—and I am talking about 2018—if you survey White Americans and you ask them, Have you had a significant and meaningful conversation in the last 6 months, who are those people and who are the top seven, 91 percent of White Americans will say that they haven’t had a meaningful conversation with a person of color. Residential segregation is so bad that we don’t talk to each other. The result is no empathy—no sympathy; no empathy; no sense of, gee, that is really too bad. People say: Well, they don’t work hard. That is the problem. Well, wait a minute. How could it be that the people who worked for 250 years for free don’t work hard? How could it be that people who don’t have any power are some big threat to be feared in this Nation when all we have done is serve it and build it? At the end of the day, the Kerner Commission tried to highlight discrimination against African Americans in education, housing, and employment; tried to help the Nation understand why some African Americans get enraged about incidents of official violence; why we don’t condone, nor even do we agree, with riots. We cannot act like we don’t understand them. Of course we understand them. Many of us have chosen that we are going to try to reform our country and help it reach its promise through our electoral system, through organizing, and activism. We are going to try to make America a stronger and better place by working within the systems that exist. I am proud that I am one of those people. But I often have to find myself trying to convince people who don’t agree with me that there are answers within the system that I am right and they are not, because they come with arguments sometimes based on the history. The bottom line is the Kerner Commission report, 50 years ago today, we have made progress. There is no doubt about it. We don’t have Jim Crow anymore. But we have also seen stagnation. There is a new report by the Eisenhower Foundation, which shows that since the late 1960s, income inequality and the wealth gap have actually gotten wider. While high school and college graduation rates have improved for the Black community since the Kerner Commission report—thank goodness, and this is an important advance, and we are grateful for it—these gains in access have not translated in economic vitality. Black families have the highest student debt. Thirtyone percent of all Black families have college debt, compared to about 20 percent of White families. College debt is tough on families of any color, but African Americans, having a lower overall income and a much lower wealth, have to borrow more to seek out education, and that is limiting AfricanAmerican opportunity. More than 70 percent of White families own their own homes compared to less than half of Black and Hispanic families. Since 1968, White homeownership has steadily increased, but Black homeownership has not changed. In 1968, 41 percent of Black families owned their own home. And what is the homeownership rate today? Now it is 41.2. Given what I shared with you earlier about residential segregation and about how Blacks and Whites and Latinos don’t really interact nearly as much as they should, given the fact that we are all Americans, people may not understand why AfricanAmerican economic progress has not been as swift as we might want it to be. To that I say it is a matter of residential segregation and even current redlining. I recommend to people to read an important book called ‘‘Evicted’’ by Matthew Desmond, and also listen to a podcast called ‘‘Reveal’’ about redlining. This prospect of redlining is very important. ‘‘Reveal’’ looked at literally thousands and thousands of pieces of data from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. They found that, in 61 metropolitan areas in the United States, there is substantial evidence of mortgage discrimination. That is African Americans, who got the same credit score, the same down payment as other people, who are denied loans. Mr. Speaker, this even happens in neighborhoods where Black people are the majority. People wonder: How is it that you have gentrification? Well, the Black person with the downpayment and the 700 credit score gets told that they cannot have a loan; and the White person with the 500 or 600 credit score and a 3 percent downpayment gets told: Sure, have the loan. It is happening every day. Listen to the podcast ‘‘Reveal.’’ You will see a woman who went through this herself. It left her not only without a house, but she had to have her partner, who is White and Asian mix, be the one who took out the mortgage because they wouldn’t give her one. I am saying that our country is truly a great nation, but to get to its true greatness, it has got to confront racial discrimination. I am not talking about prejudice. I am talking about racism. What is the difference? Prejudice means I don’t like you because of your color, your race, and it is a personal thing. It is just I don’t like you. What I am talking about by racism is systematic denial of opportunity without regard to personality. They didn’t turn that Black woman down in that ‘‘Reveal’’ podcast because they didn’t like her. They don’t know her. They know she is Black, and that is all they need to know to turn her down. This is what we have to confront as a country. And as I close, Congressman EVANS , and as I get ready to take my seat, I just want to point out that, in 2016, White families had a median net worth of $171,000 compared to $17,000 for Blacks and $20,000 for Latinos. Sixty percent of White families reported having retirement savings, which is double the rate for Black and Hispanic families. We have to understand what Martin Luther King tried to teach us, and that is: What difference does it make if you can sit at a lunch counter if you cannot afford a hamburger? b2100 The Kerner Commission tried to signal to us the way forward. In 2018, we still have the opportunity to take the lessons of it and to build a truly beloved society, as Martin Luther King tried to teach us, but it cannot just be platitudes and pretty talk. It has got to be real commitment, real money, and real investment in opportunity for all. At the end of the day, in the United States, we say, as we say the Pledge of Allegiance, ‘‘liberty and justice for all.’’ I say economic liberty and economic justice for all, and I say we will then see much more social inclusion, and we will live up to the recommendations of the Kerner Commission. We can’t wait another 50 years. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the gentleman a question. I hope people heard him. I want to ask a couple things. The goal of the Commission was to identify the underlying causes of the civil unrest in communities across the country, and obviously a lot has happened in that 50 years. Technology, trade policies, tax policies, education policies, all those types of things have occurred, and it is clear knowing—obviously, in 1968, they didn’t know anything about the internet, trade policies, tax policies. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the gentleman: Should there be another commission report? Should there be something that, in a sense, tries to update, in 2018, knowing the circumstances that we are in, and especially poverty has even grown more? Mr. Speaker, I told you, in the district I am in, which has a lot of wealth with major universities, there is 26 percent poverty. In 1968, there was a riot in the city of Philadelphia. Now, we don’t have riots, you know, fortunately, anymore today in communities, but do we have a form of quiet riot that is occurring in these communities, not physically the way they were, but in some way there is still this growing gap? So we know what the goal was. 
Mr. ELLISON. Right. Mr. EVANS. We know the goal was to identify the underlying causes of the civil unrest. Mr. Speaker, what I hear Mr. ELLISON  saying with that 250 years, the first time I ever heard that described that way, I would ask him to talk to us a little bit about here it is 2018, 50 years later, with all these things that have happened. I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I think another Kerner Commission report is definitely appropriate. It is right. It is good. But I will say that the Eisenhower Foundation did a report that showed that, since the late 1960s, income inequality and the wealth gap have widened. I really believe that what we really need to do is say to ourselves, as a nation, that we are going to actually live out the true meaning of our creed. At the end of the day, the problem is not intellectual; the problem is a matter of will. Actually, we have real challenges in our Nation today because, I happen to believe, we have a President who is less willing to move progress forward than even other Republicans who have been in office. We live in a time, now, where we have seen the rollback of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. We have seen the— right now, there is an attack on public employees in the Supreme Court. It feels like 1870. You remember I was talking about the Civil War. Black soldiers entered the Civil War in 1863 after the Emancipation Proclamation; 200,000 fought in that Civil War. Black soldiers helped win the Civil War and maintained the Union. In fact, Lincoln himself said that, without Black soldiers, we might not have a Union. We went through Reconstruction. Of course, Lincoln was killed in April of 1865, but by 1870, we began to roll back, we began to see the progress and the promise roll back. It feels a little bit like that right now. It feels a little bit like that. But, you know, we are not going back to them bad old days. I want everyone to hear that African Americans, Latinos, women, the LGBT community, people of other religious groups, minority religions, we are not going to the back of the bus. It is just not going to happen. Better to say, okay, instead of having one group in America be supreme over everyone, what if that group were simply equal to everyone? Some people in our country seem to believe that having 43 Presidents who are White men, you get one that is Black, and now, all of a sudden, oh, my God, the world is coming to an end. No, it isn’t. Everything is fine. Everyone is fine. It just means that what we wrote on paper is actually getting reflected a little bit more in reality. I think we need to make a firm commitment to end housing discrimination, a firm commitment to let the people vote, a firm commitment to stop giving tax breaks to the richest people and give the working and middle class a chance to earn a decent level of pay. I think we need a Republican caucus who will help work with us to stop the carnage of guns on these streets and to allow people who have come here as children not to be thrown out of the country summarily. That is what we really need. But I am not getting the sense that they want to help out, so I am thinking we need to get elections that will get some people, Republican or Democrat, to come out here and do some good things for the American people—and not just the wealthiest, most privileged people. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, we have another person, who is a neighbor of mine and has been a very good friend, from the great State of New Jersey. We have got that Benjamin Franklin, Walt Whitman Bridge connection. He is a very good friend. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), from the 10th District of New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Keystone State for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour. He has demonstrated great leadership during this time, and the issues that we are tackling during these Special Order hours are very important to this country as we move forward. As has been stated today, it has been 50 years since the Kerner report warned us that the Nation was headed into a separate and unequal future. The Kerner report was supposed to be a wakeup call for the United States to break the cycle that kept African Americans in poverty. It called for government to invest in job creation programs, to expand public housing, and to guarantee minimum family incomes. The Kerner report understood that such actions were necessary for the United States to confront its legacy of race and inequality. Unfortunately, 50 years later, the same problems persist. The rate of child poverty in the United States today is greater than it was in 1968. The percent of Americans who live in the depths of poverty has grown as well. Welfare reform has failed. AfricanAmerican unemployment is still nearly double the rate of our White counterparts. Labor unions, once a great equalizer for workers, have shrunk, and inequality has grown. Rich people in the United States are healthier than poor people. They live longer. They go to better schools, get better jobs, and generate more wealth. They are also more likely to be White than to be Black. Our schools are more segregated than they were in the 1980s. Our prisons are darker. The Voting Rights Act, a landmark achievement of the civil rights movement, has been gutted. These and other barriers to equality threaten our democracy. The resegregation of our schools means that people of color and those who struggle with poverty are often forced to go to underfunded schools. Their education suffers. They aren’t given adequate preparation for college or a trade school, and they ultimately make less money than their White counterparts. A recent Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco study found that Black men and women earn persistently lower wages compared to their White counterparts, a gap that cannot be fully explained by differences in age, education, job type, or location. So what can Congress do? We need to invest in housing programs that help desegregate communities once again. We need to make it easier for people of color to get federally backed loans to buy homes and finally do away with red lining. We need to invest in public schools. We need to expand preschool education. We need to spend money on job training programs and public universities. We need to increase the minimum wage, and we need to strengthen oversight of mortgage lenders. We need to restore the Voting Rights Act, because people who cannot vote cannot lead. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to, if I can, just follow up a little bit on the Voting Rights Act. Obviously, that is the foundation of a democracy, and it is rather amazing to me that all of us in this Congress are elected by the people. I tell people the greatest title is citizen. It is not Congressman; it is not President; it is citizen. So, Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the gentleman to speak a little bit about what has that impact been about the Voting Rights Act, as he sees it today, and the fact that, for some reason, this Congress doesn’t seem to understand that we still need the Voting Rights Act in 2018. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I would say that, as we have all stated tonight, it apparently appears that we are going backwards in this country, and so why wouldn’t the Voting Rights Act be under attack? It was finally the opportunity for AfricanAmerican citizens to be full citizens. The only right you are born with in the United States of America is the right to vote as an American citizen. You are born with that right, and yet it is stripped away through the gutting of the Voting Rights Act. So what does that say to people who fall under the Voting Rights Act? It says that you are not equal, that you don’t deserve the same rights as other Americans, that somehow you are less than a firstclass citizen in this country, yet you can go to war for us, you can do other things, contribute to this society, but not be able to vote. The threefifths compromise, we can go all the way back to that and talk about the inequality. 
So we need people of goodwill on both sides of the issue, on both sides of the aisle, to understand how equality is arrived at and come together and do the things that we need to do in order to make this a more perfect Union. I believe in that. I have not always seen it, but I believe that we need to continue to strive to make this a more perfect Union, to live out the mantra of this great Nation. This is the greatest country in the world, no question about it, absolutely incredible, but let’s live up to it. Let’s really live up to what this Nation stands for, because you don’t need people who are citizens here that don’t believe in what you are saying. Every day, we get up and we pledge allegiance to the flag like every other resident, every other citizen in this country, but every once in a while it fails us. We need to stay vigilant. We at the Congressional Black Caucus will be the voice and be vigilant on this floor in this House for people throughout this country who seem to be on the wrong side of this issue. b2115 Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 6 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, what others have heard this evening from the Congressional Black Caucus is sort of like a canary in the mine. The Kerner Report, when President Johnson established it 50 years ago, was an attempt to shine a light and to send a warning that we were two nations, one Black and one White. And for every Member who stood up here and spoke, they all talked about how proud they are, as Americans; and that we all recognize the beauty and the idea of America and what it has meant. I come from the city of Philadelphia, where it all started. In those conversations, there is no question it started out as a very flawed document, where African Americans and women basically were left out of that discussion. But as you think about what my good friend from Minnesota said as he laid out the historical aspect to where we are here in 2018 and the opportunity we have—because I do believe we have an opportunity, and I do believe it is not any more words on paper. It is not a report or anything. It is a question of what is in our hearts collectively. I don’t think this is a Democrat or Republican issue. I don’t think this is a Black or White issue. I think this is an issue about inclusion and involvement. I think that when you go back to that report that talks about the underlying causes of the civil unrest in these communities across this country, I think that we all have an obligation to try to address those issues. The issues are very fundamental. May you live in rural America, or urban America, or suburban America, you know, everybody needs quality healthcare. Everyone needs a job opportunity. Everyone needs a good, solid education. And those things we should not take lightly. All of those things, we all need. So what we, as the Congressional Black Caucus, attempted to do is continue to raise the consciousness and to get people to understand that we still have a lot of work to do. This should not be taken lightly; that we all recognize that though, as Dr. King used to say, we have come over here on different boats, we are in the same boat now; and that boat is America; that boat is we are in a much more competitive world than in 1968. This is 2018. The world has radically changed. The question is: Are we going to be in the forefront of the change, or are we going to be in the back of change? I like to believe we should be in the forefront of change. I like to believe that we all understand, as a country, that it is in our collective interests to work together and to make a difference. I am not saying to you it will be easy. And it was not easy in 1968. As I said, President Johnson was a Democrat, but he did not heed the report the way he should have probably heeded it. But it is no use talking about the past. The question is: How do we deal with the future, and where do we go? We should applaud him and others for at least having the discussion. We should not be fearful of discussion. We should all recognize that we have some challenges ahead for us in the 21st century. Again, I will repeat myself. It will not be easy. It will take a lot of work, and it will take us confronting those issues that we face today. It is not easy, as we have debated the issue about healthcare or the issue about jobs or the issue about education. Everybody wants to work. Everybody wants a quality job and a quality opportunity. No one wants to sit on the sidelines. So we have a chance today, in my view, to take advantage of the opportunities. I hope we will, Mr. Speaker. I believe that all members of the Congressional Black Caucus strongly feel that way. I thank the chairman of our caucus for initiating these efforts that we have been doing for this last year or so. I really appreciate that opportunity. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING PASTOR ED SEARS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 30 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, Grace Baptist Church, in Winston Salem, North Carolina, paid tribute to its pastor of the past 37 years, Ed Sears, and his wife, Linda. Pastor Sears is transitioning out of his role as senior pastor, and the members of the church, along with people from across the State, met to acknowledge the leadership and inspiration provided by Pastor Sears. Pastor Sears is known as a servant of God who is held in high esteem by all who know him and his reputation. He is a person who made those around him feel loved. There is general agreement that the love that he shows others is a result of his commitment to and his relationship with Jesus Christ. He has made a difference in the lives of thousands of others to whom he ministered whenever they were in need. He has been totally committed to his ministry and been a true role model for us all. As he retires from a fulltime ministry to face health challenges, we wish him well. We know that he will deal with these challenges in the same way he has lived his life thus far, with honor, integrity, strength, and faith that will inspire others. May God continue to bless you, Pastor Sears. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. CLYBURN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of medical procedure. Ms. JACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and March 6 on account of representational duties in district relating to Hurricane Harvey recovery activities. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and March 6. Mr. NEAL (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1621. An act to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a methodology for the collection by the Commission of information about commercial mobile service and commercial mobile data service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 2372. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; in addition, to the Committee on Natural Resources for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 5, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 535. To encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, March 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 4242. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish a permanent VA Care in the Community Program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–585). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. H. Res. 762. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1119) to establish the bases by which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall issue, implement, and enforce certain emission limitations and allocations for existing electric utility steam generating units that convert coal refuse into energy, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1917) to allow for judicial review of any final rule addressing national emission standards for hazardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ceramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule (Rept. 115–586). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2823 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, and Mr. N EAL): H.R. 5155. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to improve affordability of, undo sabotage with respect to, and increase access to health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Mr. CICILLINE ): H.R. 5156. A bill to protect publicly owned trees from unnecessary destruction, maiming, or alteration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself and Mr. SCHNEIDER ): H.R. 5157. A bill to ensure that certain incidents involving a covered employee that are reported to the title IX coordinator at an eligible institution of higher education have been reviewed by the president of the institution and not less than 1 additional member of the institution’s board of trustees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. POEof Texas): H.R. 5158. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to request nominations for and make determinations regarding roads to be designated under the national scenic byways program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 5159. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the refined coal production tax credit and modify the qualifying advanced coal project credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. POEof Texas): H.R. 5160. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of cancer care planning and coordination under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Mr. MEEKS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Mr. P OCAN , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. NADLER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B RENDAN  F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T SONGAS, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. PALLONE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. WELCH , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. NORTON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. MCCOLLUM ): H.R. 5161. A bill to require the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service to submit to Congress an annual report on the effects of gun violence on public health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. KEATING , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. PLASKETT , and Ms. BROWNLEY of California): H.R. 5162. A bill to amend the Consumer Product Safety Act to remove the exclusion of pistols, revolvers, and other firearms from the definition of consumer product in order to permit the issuance of safety standards for such articles by the Consumer Product Safety Commission; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. COHEN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. CUMMINGS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. PLASKETT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5163. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the sale or other disposition of a firearm to, and the possession, shipment, transportation, or receipt of a firearm by, certain classes of highrisk individuals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. MOORE , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. N ORTON ): H.R. 5164. A bill to expand economic opportunities, improve community policing, and promote commonsense gun violence prevention in underserved communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Financial Services, Ways and Means, Small Business, Oversight and Government Reform, Agriculture, Rules, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5165. A bill to prohibit entities from requiring individuals to submit to arbitration for disputes arising from a security breach, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5166. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to review and potentially revise its standards for safeguarding customer information to ensure that such standards require certain consumer reporting agencies and service providers of such agencies to maintain sufficient safeguards against cyber attacks and related threats, to provide for additional authority to enforce such standards with respect to such agencies and providers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself and Mr. CASTRO of Texas): H.R. 5167. A bill to provide for the termination of residential or motor vehicle leases and telephone service contracts for Foreign Service officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5168. A bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 
to establish seaweed as a highpriority research and extension area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5169. A bill to amend the Competitive, Special, and Facilities Research Grant Act to prioritize research on sensor and imager technology in agriculture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 5170. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to reauthorize and reform the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAHOOD (for himself, Mr. BACON , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. KIHUEN ): H. Con. Res. 111. Concurrent resolution recognizing and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Fe´de´ration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup competition to Canada, Mexico, and the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself and Mr. CONNOLLY ): H. Res. 763. A resolution calling upon the leadership of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to dismantle its labor camp system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 5155. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5156. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Subsection 18: the ‘‘Necessary and Proper’’ clause By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5157. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII of the United States Constitution By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5158. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 5159. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5160. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H.R. 5161. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 3 By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H.R. 5162. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 3 By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H.R. 5163. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 3 By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: H.R. 5164. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 3 By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5165. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clause XVIII By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5166. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Congress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. McCAUL: H.R. 5167. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5168. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WESTERMAN: H.R. 5170. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 57: Mr. S OTO and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 103: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 130: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 131: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 173: Mr. PANETTA , Mr. A MODEI , and Ms. LEE. H.R. 303: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 501: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 553: Mr. HILL. H.R. 559: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 613: Mr. MACARTHUR and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 630: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 644: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 681: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 812: Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 820: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 846: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 878: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 911: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 936: Mr. KINGof Iowa and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 947: Mr. NEAL, Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 949: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 959: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. JUDY CHU of California, and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 1017: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1027: Mr. FASO. H.R. 1044: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1079: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1118: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1150: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 1223: Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1243: Mrs. BEATTY . H.R. 1267: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 1276: Mr. GALLEGO , Ms. E STYof Con necticut, and Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1330: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 1439: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 1444: Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1472: Ms. TITUS and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1475: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1478: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. B ASS, Mr. V ELA, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1494: Mr. LOUDERMILK and Mr. M EADOWS. H.R. 1530: Mr. CRIST and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 1553: Mr. STIVERS and Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas. H.R. 1562: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1596: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 1612: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. K IHUEN , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1661: Ms. TITUS and Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 1683: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1692: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1739: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1772: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 1832: Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. SOTO, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 1876: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 1902: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 1969: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1982: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1993: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 2004: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 2077: Mr. ROSKAM . H.R. 2276: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2293: Mr. GAETZ and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 2319: Mr. HIGGINS of New York and Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 2380: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2392: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2421: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2436: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 2439: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. WALZ, and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2472: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 2477: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 2583: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 2625: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2670: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 2740: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. ROSKAM , and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 2801: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 2832: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 2903: Ms. ROSEN and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2999: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 3030: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 3079: Ms. SLAUGHTER . H.R. 3087: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 3091: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3174: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . 
H.R. 3282: Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 3409: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3431: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 3444: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3464: Mr. SCHNEIDER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. S OTO, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. KIHUEN , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 3528: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 3545: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 3558: Mr. FASOand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 3637: Mr. CAPUANO and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 3642: Mr. HIMES and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3654: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 3694: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 3712: Mr. HARPER and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 3887: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3976: Mr. RATCLIFFE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 3987: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 3988: Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 3994: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. M ENG, Mr. RUSH, and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 3999: Mr. KATKO and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 4025: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4052: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 4057: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4058: Mr. DENHAM . H.R. 4101: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4107: Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. C ARSON of Indi ana, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. NUNES . H.R. 4137: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4142: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 4143: Ms. ADAMS and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 4152: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4153: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4207: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 4223: Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 4229: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. COLE, and Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 4240: Mr. SABLAN and Mr. U PTON . H.R. 4245: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4260: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 4267: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. E MMER , Mr. BUDD, and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 4268: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 4275: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 4287: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4290: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4311: Ms. CHENEY and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4314: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 4316: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 4403: Mr. BOSTand Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 4471: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 4489: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 4548: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 4556: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 4565: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 4638: Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 4655: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 4677: Ms. ROSEN , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. H.R. 4702: Mr. NORMAN and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 4706: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 4721: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4732: Mr. KINZINGER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 4751: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 4837: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 4846: Mr. PETERSON and Ms. L EE. H.R. 4850: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 4851: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 4854: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 4856: Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. DEMINGS , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor gia and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4909: Mr. MAST, Mr. D IAZBALART , Ms. STEFANIK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. HECK, Mr. C OMER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 4929: Mr. GROTHMAN and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4932: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 4934: Mr. MASSIE and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 4943: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 4949: Mr. MAST. H.R. 4953: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 4973: Mr. SOTO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4986: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 4997: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. PALLONE . H.R. 5001: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 5006: Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 5009: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 5028: Mr. JONES . H.R. 5041: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5071: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 5080: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5090: Mr. ENGEL and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 5095: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 5104: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 5105: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5122: Mr. RASKIN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.J. Res. 31: Mrs. TORRES . H.J. Res. 61: Mr. MARSHALL . H.J. Res. 130: Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. KELLY of Mississippi, and Mrs. HARTZLER . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. LATTA . H. Con. Res. 110: Mrs. RADEWAGEN . H. Res. 31: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H. Res. 257: Mr. MARSHALL . H. Res. 307: Mr. GIANFORTE . H. Res. 720: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H. Res. 730: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. K IND. H. Res. 731: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 732: Mr. SARBANES . H. Res. 740: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H. Res. 746: Ms. ROSEN . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1325 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 2018 No. 38 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 