Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in appreciation of the people of Guam for their trust, support, and respect and for allowing me the honor of representing Guam and their interests here in the Congress of the United States for eight terms. I also rise this final time in appreciation to my colleagues in this wonderful institution, the U.S. House of Representatives, for their support over the years as we have worked on many impactful issues for the betterment of our constituents and our Nation. It has been my honor to serve in Congress for the last 16 years, and I leave here proud of what we have accomplished not just for Guam, but for our 
Nation and our allies in the AsiaPacific region. As the nonvoting delegate for 168,000 Americans who live on the westernmost territory of the United States of America, I worked with my congressional colleagues to support policies, programs, and legislation that have benefited the people of Guam. I have also secured billions of dollars in Federal investment in Guam and our people. With the support of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, we saw the passage of landmark legislation for Guam, including passing war reparations to recognize the survivors of the occupation of Guam during World War II, enshrining the independence of Guam’s judiciary as a coequal branch of government, enhancing regional security with the relocation of marines to Guam, holding the military accountable to its responsibilities to Guam’s civilian population, promoting Guam’s Chamorro culture, protecting our environment, and improving healthcare for veterans and all Guam residents. In just this last year, I have worked with entrepreneurs to jumpstart the process for Guam to eventually become a commercial spaceport. I have also engaged leaders in the renewable energy industry and sponsored legislation passed unanimously by the House to develop offshore wind energy that will benefit Guam’s electricity needs for decades to come. We have strengthened relations with our neighbors in the AsiaPacific and enhanced tourism, Guam’s largest nonmilitary industry and employer. Finally, through engagement and cooperation with our regional allies, we have enhanced the security of the Indo AsiaPacific region and our national interests, countering growing threats and safeguarding against rogue countries. These are just some of our successes. My colleagues would often tease me by saying: ‘‘Here comes Miss Guam. What does she want now?’’ While this was often said jokingly, and I have always accepted this as goodnatured humor, I hope that it speaks to the dedication that I brought to effectively representing my constituents as the first woman to serve as Guam’s elected Delegate to the United States Congress. Mr. Speaker, Guam residents have no other voice or voting representation in their Federal Government to champion their interests and causes. Despite the successes we have had during my tenure, I cannot leave without commenting on the disparity between the Representatives from the 50 States and the Delegates who represent 4 million fellow Americans residing in the U.S. territories. It is unfortunate, Mr. Speaker, that our country continues to disenfranchise Americans in the territories merely because of where we live. My constituents lack full voting representation in the House, have no representation in the Senate, and are denied the right to vote for the President of the United States; and yet we serve and sacrifice at the highest rates in our military. When I was first elected to Congress in 2002, one of my predecessors, the late Congressman Ben Blaz, commented to me that, as Guam’s Delegate, I would be a Member of Congress but not one of its true Members. I hope that we will continue to see our Nation strive for that goal, and that includes giving full representation and voting rights to our fellow Americans living in the territories and the District of Columbia. Mr. Speaker, while I am saddened for my congressional tenure to come to a close, I leave proud of my work to advance Guam’s interests and thankful for the support and friendship of the colleagues with whom I have served for these past 16 years. I am also eternally grateful to the nearly 200 staffers and interns who have aided me throughout the years in the congressional office. I am especially appreciative for the staff who were with me during this last year in Congress. In my D.C. office: Adam Carbullido, Rosanne Mantanona, Howard Pangelinan, Edgar Yanger, Brandon Westling, Iain Hart, and Katherine Lee. In my Guam district office: Jon Junior Calvo, Kaye Lea Custodio, Amanda Shelton, Robert San Agustin, AudriaMarie Lizama, and Diosdado Razon. I would not have been successful without their dedication and tireless support. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in appreciation of the people of Guam for their trust, support, and respect and for allowing me the honor of representing Guam and their interests here in the Congress of the United States for eight terms. I also rise, this final time, in appreciation to my colleagues in this wonderful institution— the U.S. House of Representatives—for their comradery, support, and collegiality over the years as we worked on many impactful issues for the betterment of our constituents and our nation. It has been my honor to serve in Congress for the last 16 years, and I leave here proud of what we have accomplished, not just for Guam, but for our nation and our allies in the AsiaPacific region. These 16 years I have led, supported, or participated in the national debates, discussions, and policy developments that have improved global and national security, enhanced our economic and political wellbeing, conserved our precious natural resources, and improved quality of life for all Americans. As the nonvoting delegate for 168,000 Americans who live on the westernmost sovereign territory of the United States of America, I worked with my Congressional colleagues to support policies, programs and legislation that have benefitted the people of Guam. I have also secured billions of dollars in federal investment in Guam and our people. With the support of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, we saw the passage of landmark legislation for Guam, including passing war reparations to recognize the survivors of the Occupation of Guam during World War II; enshrining the independence of Guam’s judiciary as a coequal branch of Government, enhancing regional security with the relocation of Marines to Guam; holding the military accountable to its responsibilities to Guam’s civilian population, promoting Guam’s Chamorro culture, protecting our environment, and improving healthcare for veterans and all Guam residents. Some of our most exciting achievements are yet to be realized with the groundwork we have undertaken to further the development of new opportunities for economic development and selfsufficiency for Guam, our national interests, and the region. In just this last year, I have worked with entrepreneurs to jump start the process for Guam to eventually become a commercial spaceport. I have also engaged leaders in the renewable energy industry and sponsored legislation passed unanimously by the House to develop offshore wind energy that will benefit Guam’s selfsufficiency, sustainability, and electricity needs for decades to come. We have strengthened relations with our neighbors in the AsiaPacific and enhanced tourism, Guam’s largest nonmilitary industry and employer. Finally, through engagement and cooperation with our regional allies, we have enhanced the security of the IndoAsiaPacific region and our national interests, countering growing threats and safeguarding against rogue countries. These are just some of our successes. My colleagues would often tease me by saying, ‘‘Here comes Miss Guam.’’ While this was often said jokingly, and I have always accepted this as goodnatured humor, I hope that it speaks to the dedication and tenacity that I brought to effectively representing my constituents, as the first woman to serve as Guam’s elected Delegate to the U.S. Congress. Guam residents have no other voice or voting representation in their Federal government, to champion their interests and causes. Despite the successes we have had during my tenure, I cannot leave without commenting on the disparity between the Representatives from the 50 states, and the Delegates who represent 4 million fellow Americans residing in the U.S. territories. It is unfortunate, Mr. Speaker, that our country continues to disenfranchise Americans in the territories merely because of where we live. My constituents lack full voting representation in the House, have no representation in the Senate, and are denied the right to vote for the President of the United States; and yet, we serve and sacrifice at the highest rates in our military. When I was first elected to Congress in 2002, one of my predecessors, the late Congressman Ben Blaz, commented to me that as Guam’s Delegate, I would be a Member of Congress, but not one of its Members. I have been proud to stand alongside my colleagues—both Democrat and Republican— all patriotic citizens doing their level best to reach what our Constitution calls a more perfect union. I hope that we will continue to see our nation strive for that goal, and that includes giving full representation and voting rights to our fellow Americans living in the territories and the District of Columbia. 
Mr. Speaker, while I am saddened for my Congressional tenure to come to a close, I leave proud of my work to advance Guam’s interests and thankful for the support and friendship of the colleagues with whom I have serves of these past 16 years. I am also eternally grateful to the nearly 200 staffers and interns who have aided me throughout the years in the Congressional office. I am especially appreciative for the staff who were with me during this last year in Congress. In my D.C. office: Adam Carbullido, Rosanne Mantanona, Howard Pangelinan, Edgar Yanger, Brandon Westling, lain Hart, and Katherine Lee. And in my Guam District Office: Jon Junior Calvo, Kaye Lea Custodio, Amanda Shelton, Robert San Agustin, Audria Lizama, and Disodado Razon. I would not have been successful without their dedication and tireless support, and I ask that the full list of all my congressional staff be included in the RECORD . 
REP. MADELEINE Z. B ORDALLO —FULLSTAFF  LIST2003–2018 Name and title: Carbullido, Adam, Chief of Staff; Mantanona, Rosanne Meno, Executive Assistant; Pangelinan, Howard, Legislative Correspondent; Hart, Iain, Senior Legislative Assistant; Lee, Katherine, Legislative Assistant; Yanger, Ed, Military Legislative Assistant; Westling, Brandon, Air Force Legislative Fellow; Calvo, Jon Junior, District Chief of Staff; Custodio, Kaye Lea, Constituent Services Coordinator; Shelton, Amanda, Press Secretary; San Agustin, Rob, Constituent Services Representative; Lizama, AudriaMarie, Receptionist; Razon, Diosdado, Field Deputy. Ackerman, Randall (Randy), Air Force Legislative Fellow; Agustin, Krystal A., Press Secretary; AlexanderOzinskas, Marselle, Sea Grant Fellow; Anciano, Cody B., Intern; Ardiente, Ashley N., Intern; Atalig, Tamieko M., Intern. Baik, Susan J., Intern; Baldevia, Ria, Intern; Behr, Tiffany, Air Force Legislative Fellow; Bettis, Leland P., Intern; Bhojwani, Chirag M., Intern; Blas, Cecilia G., Scheduler; Blas, Joelle M., Intern; Blas, Jonathan M., Intern; Blas, Kyra J., Intern; Blaz, Josh J., Intern; Blaz, Rachael P., Intern; Blaz, Vicente T. (Vince), Intern; Blickstein, Adam R., Staff Assistant; Bonanno, Ashley D., Intern; Bordallo, Stephanie M., Intern; Borja, Krystina J., Intern; Borja, Mary C., Policy Advisor; Bullock, Jed R., Legislative Director; Butler, Charles, Intern. Caluag, Stephanie M., Intern; Camacho, Adam A., Intern; Camacho, Felix, Intern; Camacho, Iwalani R., Intern; Catahay, Marc A., Intern; Cepeda, Julie Marie K., Intern; Chan, Gloria SiChun, CAPAC Executive Director; Chon, Alicia, Legislative Assistant; Cowan, Sydney L., Intern; Cruz, Amanda R., Intern; Cruz, Marie L., District Scheduler; Cruz, Mikaele, Intern; Cruz, Nicole G., Intern. D’Arduini, Timothy, Intern; De Oro, Moneka, Intern; Diaz, Frances R., Legislative Assistant; Dimla, Mariana P., Intern; Djalali, Alex J., Intern; Doucette, Cameron M., Intern; Duenas, Joseph E., Press Secretary; Duke, Richard A., Legislative Assistant; Dunbar, Forrest A., Staff Assistant; Dydasco, Bonita Y., Intern. Eusebio, Christian, Intern; Fang, Vincent, Intern; Felix, Dominique Rose, Intern; Fitzpatrick, Sara R., Intern; Foertsch, Sean T., Defense Fellow; Fram, Bryan J., Air Force Legislative Fellow; Fry Robert C., Intern. Gatewood, Daniel P., Intern; Gatewood, Stephen R., Intern; Gault, Catherine S., Press Secretary; Gladieux, Raquel, Navy Legislative Fellow; Gonzalvo, Patrick Vincent I., Intern; Grillo, Christopher Charles, Legislative Assistant; Guerrero, Helana E., Intern; Guiao, John Michael D. (John Michael), Intern; Gumataotao, Kailani A., Intern; Gutierrez, Darren William, Intern. Haddal, Nicolai A., Intern; Hammond, Sho J., Intern; Hedgepeth, Ryan Keith, Chief of Staff; Hedger, Stephen C. (Steve), Legislative Assistant; Herrmann, Matthew (Matt), Chief of Staff; Hill, Derick E., Intern; Houska, David S., Legislative Assistant; Hudson, Jean Borja, Press Assistant. Ilao, Gemilie G., Intern; Ilao, Geneveive G., Intern; JablonskiDiehl, Rebecca, Sea Grant Fellow; James, Joy L., Staff Assistant; Jernigan, Andrew T., Intern; Joseph, D. Tenorio, Intern; Kaai, Krystal C. (Krystal Ka’ai), CAPAC Executive Director; Kerr, Alexandra I., Intern; Kim, Gene F., CAPAC Executive Director, Knudson, Scott Evan, Intern. Lacson, Jaime S., Intern; Lai, Alisha G., Intern; Lai, Andrea G., Intern; Lai, Breanna G., Press Secretary; Lai, Samantha, Intern; Lai, Shaneika G., Intern; Lai, Shavonne G., Intern; Lai, Stephanie G., Intern; Lam, Hannah B., Intern; Lee, Regine Biscoe, Policy Advisor; Leon Guerrero, Frank, Constituent Services Representative; Leon Guerrero, Nathan S., Intern; Lim, Diana, Intern; Lotz, Jonathan D., Intern. Mandell, Derek, Press Secretary; Marati, Jessica, Intern; Mateo, Matthew C., Legislative Assistant; McDaniel, Daniel, Intern; McFerran, Jennifer Grace, Intern; McMahon, Jason C., Legislative Director; Meno, Mary Bridget P. (Bridget), Receptionist; Mercer, Shannon T., Intern; Mickevicius, Alexis M., Intern; Miranda, Kainan H., Intern; Miranda, McKenna L., Intern; Moore, John G., Staff Assistant; Mufnas, Joleen P., Intern. Naddaf, Z.F., Intern; Nadler, Ashley N., Intern; Nakamura, Robert T., Intern; Nelson, Isabella L., Intern; Nery, Tristan C., Press Secretary; Nichols, Adam, Air Force Legislative Fellow; Nussbaum, David Y., Intern; Nussbaum, Matthew Y. Intern. Palmer, Richard (Rick), Air Force Legislative Fellow; Pangelinan, Edward D., Intern; Pangelinan, Felix, Intern; Pangelinan, James E. III, Intern; Park, Lynn, Intern; Pena, Ricco A., Intern; Perez, Brandon J., Intern; Perez, Stephan F., Intern; Pontemayor, Paulo, Legislative Assistant; Pothen, Selina, Intern; Prandle, Adrian, Intern; Protacio, Mark P., Legislative Assistant. Quinata, Marybelle R., Intern; Quinata, Nicole Michelle M., Intern; Rebanal, Edna Reonal, Staff Assistant; Reyes, Vincent P., Intern; Rivera, Annie A., Constituent Services Representative; Rousseau, Jean Michel G.M., Intern. Sablan, James G., District Director; Sablan, Teresa M., Intern; Saluta, Gabrielle, Sea Grant Fellow; San Gil, Amanda D., Intern; Sander, Michael J., Air Force Legislative Fellow; Santos, Carla G., Intern ; Saxon, Ethan A., Military Legislative Assistant; Siegal, Daniel, Intern; Skates, Jonathan D., Intern. Taitano, Audreya, Press Assistant; Tavangar, Nahal, Intern; Tenorio, Andrew, District Director; Tenorio, Christian E., Intern; Tenorio, Mae C., Office Manager; Terlaje, Carmen V., Intern; Thackaberry, Christopher (Chris), Air Force Legislative Fellow; Tiples, Liezel V., Intern; Toves, Kelly M., Press Secretary; Towes, Phillip Mathew, Intern; Tung, Victoria (Vicky), CAPAC Policy Advisor; Turow, Andrew T., Intern. Underwood, Naomi Tacuyan, Senior Legislative Assistant; Untalan, Katrina A., Intern; Vasquez, Melissa, Intern; Veltri, David, Intern; Walls, Daniel B., Legislative Assistant; Wang, Alton, CAPAC Policy Advisor; Watkins, Marshall T., Intern. Weare, Neil, Press Secretary; Wehner, John, Intern; Wheeler, Brendan M., Military Legislative Assistant; Whitt, John Joseph, Chief of Staff; Wolf, Aaron, Legislative Assistant; Woolwine, Patrick R., Intern; Wu, Vera, Intern; Yanger, Dominic D.,Intern; Yanger, Samantha, Intern; Zabala, R.P., Constituent Services Representative. f MEGAN RONDINI AND LEAH GRIFFIN SEXUAL ASSAULT VICTIMS PROTECTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Megan Rondini was a student at the University of Alabama. She originally was from Austin, Texas, but chose the University of Alabama as her school of choice. Megan went to school there. While she was a student, she came in contact with a former student whose nickname was ‘‘Sweet T.’’ He took her to his residence, which was literally a plantation home, and sexually assaulted her. Megan then jumped out of the secondstory window of his residence and went to the hospital. That is where her nightmare continued. While Megan was at the hospital, the people in charge there didn’t know how to deal with a sexual assault victim, and the sexual assault exam was botched. She left the hospital and went to the sheriff’s department. They started interviewing her and found out that the alleged perpetrator was from an important family in the area. All of a sudden, they backed off, according to her. They didn’t prosecute Sweet T. In fact, they read Megan a Miranda warning. Megan went to the University of Alabama and sought a counselor. The counselor found out who the alleged perpetrator was and said: ‘‘I can’t help you. This is a conflict of interest. I know this person.’’ The University of Alabama didn’t provide her another counselor. Megan then went into a depression. She left the University of Alabama and transferred to SMU in Dallas, Texas. Shortly after she transferred to SMU, Megan Rondini took her own life. You see, Mr. Speaker, she got the death penalty for being a victim of crime. Nothing ever happened to the alleged perpetrator. There are a lot of problems and issues that came up with the way Megan was treated at the hospital and how she was treated at the sheriff’s department and by the university. There was no sexual assault forensic examiner or sexual assault forensic nurse at the hospital to take care of her. And who are these people? These are wonderful people who are trained to deal with sexual assault victims. The hospital didn’t have one of those for her. It turns out there are many hospitals in the country that 
don’t have these individuals to help sexual assault victims. They are trained to deal with victims exclusively. I have talked and met with Megan’s parents, Cindi and Mike, who still live in Austin, and we have talked and met with a lot of Members of Congress on what we can do about this. We have filed H.R. 7292, a bipartisan bill. Issues regarding victims of crime are bipartisan. The Megan Rondini and Leah Griffin Sexual Assault Victims Protection Act provides for a task force and a multitude of other things so we can get this problem solved and have hospitals get it together so we treat sexual assault victims the way they should be treated. I am not going to go into all the details, but it is great, and bipartisan. It is cosponsored by Congresswoman JAYAPAL . We have many Members on both sides working on this issue to bring it to the House floor under suspension of the rules or unanimous consent to get this legislation passed. b1215 It is my understanding, as of high noon today, that this legislation is not going to come to the floor of this Congress. It is my hope and desire that it comes next year when I am not here but other people take up the mantle to protect people like Megan Rondini and Leah Griffin. Mr. Speaker, there are a lot of lobbyists in Washington, D.C. I understand there are 5,000 lobbying groups. That is 10 for every Member of Congress up here, advocating on all kinds of things. Victims of crimes do not have high dollar lobbyists. We are their voice. We are their only voice, Mr. Speaker. We ought to start acting like it and bring legislation to the floor on a bipartisan basis and not find excuses not to do it, because we are it. People like Megan Rondini are protected by the same Constitution that protects defendants of crime. It is important that we help those people and their families make sure that they don’t continue to be victims of crime after the crime is committed. The system should not continue to make them victims of crime, whether it is the hospital, whether it is the sheriff’s department or the university. I do want to say, Mr. Speaker, the University of Alabama has made some changes. Texas A&M has made changes due to the 12th Woman group and a group of victims at Texas A&M that are talking to Members of Congress, too. I hope that Congress will see this legislation as a priority and pass it, because it is the right thing to do, even if we have to wait until next year. And that is just the way it is, Mr. Speaker. 
END HUNGER NOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I have reminded my colleagues many times, there is not a congressional district in America that is hunger free. Hunger in America defies stereotypes. Many families that grapple with food insecurity are working but still don’t make enough money to buy sufficient food after all the bills are paid. That is why, on the Monday and Tuesday before Thanksgiving, I participated in the ninth annual Monte’s March, a 43mile walk to raise awareness about hunger in our community and to raise money for the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts. The leader was Monte Belmonte, a wellknown radio personality and a committed activist on behalf of those who are vulnerable. I was so proud to join him again this year to walk the 43 miles. I am even more proud that he raised nearly $300,000. This translates into nearly 3 million meals for people struggling with food insecurity. Mr. Speaker, I was so impressed by the incredible generosity of our community. It was inspiring. While food banks, food pantries, and charitable organizations are vital in our efforts to combat hunger, they cannot do it alone. We need a strong commitment by our government to do its part. Indeed, I would argue that we have fallen short of doing what is needed. Those who I had the pleasure of marching alongside during Monte’s March understand that, and they understand what it means to be part of a community. Today, I would like to thank them for their work. First and foremost, to Monte Belmonte and all the people at WRSI, The River—Mark Lattanzi, Joan Holliday, Kaliis Smith, Kelly Sykes, Betsy Cortis, Matt Peterson, and Steve Trumpy—thank you so very much. You are all wonderful. I would like to thank Andrew Morehouse, the executive director of the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, and everyone at the food bank for all the incredible work that they do. I would like to thank Sean Barry from Four Seasons Liquor in Hadley, who was Monte’s righthand man for 2 days. I would like to thank all the elected officials who joined part of the march, including Congressman JOEKENNEDY ; State Representative Aaron Vega; State Senatorelect Jo Comerford; and State Representativeselect Natalie Blais, Mindy Domb, Dan Carey, and Lindsay Sabadosa. And, of course, I would like to thank Northwestern District Attorney David Sullivan. I would like to thank Easthampton Mayor Nicole LaChapelle, Northampton Mayor David Narkewicz, and Chicopee Mayor Richard Kos, who have always been key partners in the fight to end hunger. I want to thank Tim Garvin of the United Way of Central Massachusetts; Ronn Johnson, CEO of the Martin Luther King Jr. Family Services in Springfield; Ruben Reyes, operations manager at Lorraine’s Soup Kitchen in Chicopee; and Jasmin Colon, Kate’s Kitchen in Holyoke. Each of them has done so much to help those who are struggling with hunger. A special thank you to the sheriff’s departments in Hampden, Hampshire, and Franklin Counties, as well as the Deerfield Police, who provided escorts for us during all 43 miles. We are so grateful for all they do to keep us safe every day. Thank you to the Expandable Brass Band, the drum corps from Franklin County Technical School, and performers from Double Edge Theatre in Ashfield for keeping us jazzed up during the entire march. I want to thank everyone who gave us space to rest and good food along the way: The Bistro at Gateway City Arts in Holyoke, Sierra Grille, BridgeSide Grille, Berkshire Brewing Company, Ben Clark of Clarkdale Fruit Farms, Tea Guys, Stone Soup Cafe, and the Hope & Olive and Magpie in Greenfield. Thank you to the schoolchildren who greeted us and raised funds to support our cause, including Nurse Meg and her team of marchers from Conway Grammar School, Steph Barry and Erving Elementary, and Mr. Brooks and Smith VocTech for their help with the carts we used to march. I want to, of course, thank my son, Patrick, who marched with me the entire second day. Finally, to our VIP marchers—Chia Collins; Steve the Hippie; Rick and Georgiann Kristek; Andrea Ayvazian; Marina Goldman; Leigh Rae; Kristen Elechko and her baby, Elizabeth Dunaway; Marianne Mahoney; Michelle Spaziani; Amy Proietti; Neftali Duran; Margot Wise; and Terry Wise—we simply could not have done this without you. Thank you, thank you, thank you, from the bottom of my heart. Mr. Speaker, I was glad to be part of this, but I close by expressing my deep concern about the future. With so many people in need of assistance, any cuts to SNAP would be devastating for families across this country. This next Congress needs to stand firm against any more cuts to SNAP. We ought to stand firm against any structural changes to the program and any more burdensome requirements. We must protect this program and other programs that provide people nutrition. Food ought to be a fundamental right for everybody in this country. We live in the richest country in the history of the world. Nobody should be hungry. In the spirit of all those who took part in Monte’s March, we in this Congress can and will do better. We must end hunger now. 
HELPING CHILDREN WITH COMPLEX MEDICAL CONDITIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the House’s work that aims to improve outcomes for children with complex medical conditions. As a physician, I have delivered more than 10,000 babies and seen firsthand many of these complex and complicated conditions, often when babies are born prematurely. Today, there are 33 million children dependent upon Medicaid in our country. Two million of these cases are considered medically complex. It is imperative that we take a compassionate look at the way in which this care is being provided to some of our most vulnerable patients. I am proud of the legislation the House recently passed to address the way that care is provided for these children. Last week, we passed the IMPROVE Act with overwhelming bipartisan support. This legislation included the Advancing Care for Exceptional Kids Act that aims to put our Nation’s sickest kids and their families first by improving their care. These children and their families already face many challenges. Thus, our healthcare system has to work with them by making access to care more manageable and easier to navigate. Too often, these children are forced to see multiple doctors, sometimes requiring them to go across State lines for treatment. This can be costly, time consuming, and confusing. This bill reduces the burden on families by no longer making them jump through hoops for their children’s coverage. The ACE Act also ensures that each child gets the coverage they need by helping hospitals coordinate across State lines and provides additional resources to families to help them navigate the healthcare system. This coordination will likely reduce emergency visits and inpatient hospitalizations and, ultimately, lower the overall cost of care for these children, while at the same time provide for better outcomes. In Kansas, 41 percent of children with special healthcare needs are covered by Medicaid. I appreciate the opportunity to make Medicaid a more caring, comprehensive, and efficient system for each and every child with a serious, longterm illness. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as I have traveled across Kansas, I have heard how a strong Internet connection can impact communities, boost local economies, and create jobs. Access to the Internet allows small businesses to sell their products across the country and the world. It enables students to access additional learning tools and gives doctors the ability to treat patients in the most remote parts of the district. Far too often, I am reminded of the complications my district has to get connected. I rise today to highlight the recent steps taken to advance broadband deployment in rural America. Last week, the Federal Communications Commission unanimously voted to provide additional funding to carriers utilizing the Universal Service Fund highcost program. The highcost program helps providers deploy broadband infrastructure in extremely rural and hardtoreach places where the cost to connect is just too high. I am also excited that the United States Department of Agriculture is working to expand broadband access to our ag producers. I was grateful to join Secretary Perdue as he announced details of a new broadband pilot program last week at the Department of Agriculture. The program, called ReConnect, targets funding in the forms of grants and loans to areas currently lacking a reliable Internet connection. Farmers and ranchers need a broadband connection to monitor their operations and increase efficiencies on their farms, which ultimately drives down the cost of doing business. Connectivity is such a vital part of everyday life, and its importance continues to grow. People’s access should not be affected by where they choose to live. I want that thank Secretary Perdue, Chairman Pai, and President Trump for making broadband deployment a priority. f 
THANKING NEVADA’S FOURTH DISTRICT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I stand before the House to thank the people of Nevada’s Fourth Congressional District. It has been the honor of my life to serve as a Member of Congress and represent my constituents in the 115th Congress. I have worked tirelessly on their behalf every single day to make Nevada a great place to live and raise a family. As many of my colleagues know, I was not born in this country. I don’t come from a wealthy or politically connected family. My family emigrated from Mexico when I was 8 years old. My parents, a housekeeper and a former farm worker, came to America because they knew that, if they worked hard and sacrificed, in America, they could achieve the American Dream. Less than 30 years later, thanks to the wonderful opportunities that only this country has to offer, their son is standing before you as a Representative of the United States of America. That is the American Dream. There are still so many people who have hopes and aspirations of achieving that American Dream. Unfortunately, under this administration, immigrants have been denigrated. Before even being given a chance, they are labeled as criminals and murderers. But America is a Nation of immigrants and the land of opportunity. As the first Dreamer and one of the first two former undocumented immigrants to serve in Congress in our Nation’s history, I have used my personal experience to fight for other Dreamers so that DACA recipients are able to remain in America and thrive. I have fought to ensure that our asylum process is upheld and that young, innocent children are not separated from their families at the border. I have advocated for comprehensive immigration reform. My Democratic colleagues and I have also fought relentlessly to protect people’s healthcare and the Affordable Care Act, especially as Republicans have tried time and time again to get rid of preexisting conditions. I was proud to announce my support for the Medicare for All Act because healthcare is a human right, and all Americans deserve quality and affordable healthcare. I joined my union brothers and sisters in championing workers’ rights, fighting for a $15 minimum wage, the right to join a union, and equal pay for women. I fought against the unconstitutional travel ban, fiercely defended funding for Planned Parenthood, and stood side by side with our LGBTQ community in the fight for full equality. As a member of the Financial Services Committee, I have fought to keep people in their homes and advocated for affordable housing and the immediate need to address homelessness in America. I was proud to join the Nevada delegation in standing strong to fight against efforts to bring nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain. Yucca Mountain is not safe and should remain closed forever. I introduced the STEP for Veterans Act, which would provide grants to community colleges to train veterans with the job skills that employers need in their communities. Although we can never do enough to thank our veterans for their sacrifices, I am proud of the work that I did to help them get the resources they need and deserve. Mr. Speaker, one of the worst days of my life and in many of my constituents’ lives was last year on October 1, 2017, when Las Vegas became the site of the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history. In total, 58 innocent lives were lost. While they are gone, I wanted to make sure that their memories were not lost. That is why I told each of their 58 stories here on the House floor, so that their precious and vibrant lives would be remembered and never forgotten. I am optimistic that the House will finally pass meaningful legislation next year to prevent more tragedies from happening. b1230 Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I thank my team who worked tirelessly day in and 
day out to deliver services to hundreds of Nevadans. I relied on them every day to do my job, and I couldn’t have done it without them. I am profoundly grateful and forever grateful to each and every one of them. Thank you to my colleagues for making my time as a Member of Congress unforgettable. I made so many friends here, friendships that will last a lifetime. Thank you to all the staff in the House of Representatives, including the floor staff, the cleaning crew, the kitchen staff, all of you whom I enjoyed many great conversations with. Thank you to my family and friends for all of your unconditional support. Thank you, once again, to my constituents for putting your faith and trust in me. I am blessed and honored to serve you and grateful for the opportunity to give back to the State and country that has given me and my family so much. (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:) 
Thank you to the people of Nevada for your support and the opportunity to serve you in the U.S. Congress. I will always fight for you. Muchas gracias a toda la gente de Nevada por su apoyo y por la oportunidad de servirles en el Congreso de los Estados Unidos. Simpre luchare por ustedes! 
Mr. Speaker, may God bless Nevada and may God bless the United States of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ). The gentleman from Nevada will provide the Clerk a translation of his remarks. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Gracious and merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. The Members of the 115th Congress return to the Capitol for the final days of legislative business. We ask Your blessing, O Lord, upon them, for they face potentially difficult negotiation. May they be filled with a surfeit of wisdom and patience. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. COMER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. COMER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNIZING DREW AND LIZ WHITE (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. and Mrs. Drew and Liz White of Union County, Kentucky, for recently being named Kentucky Farm Bureau’s 2018 Outstanding Young Farm Family. This award recognizes young farmers between the ages of 18 and 35 who have shown strong leadership potential and farm management skills and have achieved consistent financial success in their farming operations. Drew and Liz come from families with rich histories in farming. Drew is the fourth generation to live and work on his family’s farm, established by his greatgrandfather during the Great Depression. Under Drew’s management, the farm has grown and experienced success with raising cattle and a multitude of crops. Liz also grew up on a family farm and enjoyed showing saddlebred horses during her youth. She worked at a local winery throughout her high school and college years before becoming an occupational therapy assistant. The couple have both been extensively involved in the local agricultural community through the Future Farmers of America organization, the 4–H, and the Kentucky Farm Bureau. Their efforts have not only benefited Union County, but are a model for other young farmers throughout the Commonwealth. On behalf of the First District of Kentucky, I congratulate Drew and Liz White on their outstanding success and wish them the best as they continue to grow their farming operation and their family. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CONNIE MITCHELL (Mr. MORELLE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MORELLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Connie Mitchell, an iconic civil rights activist and leader in the Rochester community, who passed away on December 14. Connie dedicated her life to the pursuit of equality and racial justice, and her commitment to breaking down barriers was truly awe inspiring. She was the first African American woman elected to office in Monroe County, winning a seat on the board of supervisors in 1961. She was a role model in the fight for equality. Her contributions helped to open the door of opportunity for so many people in our community. I join all of Rochester in mourning her passing and extend my prayers and deepest sympathies to the entire Mitchell family. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JUSTICE WILLIAM NEWSOM (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I wish to talk about a very special person in our community who recently left us. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pray tribute to a gentleman of exceptional generosity, deep principles, and extraordinary wit: Justice William Newsom, or, as many called him, ‘‘Bill.’’ A dedicated public servant with a commitment to the arts and conservation, he leaves a lasting legacy for America. Any one of us who knew him considered him a cherished friend. Bill was a proud fourthgeneration San Franciscan, who was born to a large Irish brood. As a commissioner of the San Francisco Superior Court, judge on the Placer County Superior Court, and then California Court of Appeals judge, he worked relentlessly to uphold liberty and justice for all. Again, Bill’s charitable and civic contributions to our city and our State are legendary. He was endowed with great decency and humanity and took the golden rule literally. He considered an injustice and indignity to one an injustice and indignity to all. A passionate student of natural history and a lifelong enthusiast of the 
outdoors, Bill worked relentlessly to preserve the beauty of God’s creation. His leadership on a vast range of conservation and environmental organizations was vital in protecting clean air, clean water, and public lands for our children and grandchildren. Bill also understood the power of the arts to bring us together and dedicated decades to fostering beauty, culture, and the arts in the bay area and around the world. Again, all who were fortunate enough to call Bill a friend knew him as a brilliant man of letters, a tireless champion of civic causes, and a trusted confidante of unsurpassed empathy and generosity. But it is Bill’s profound love of family that we will miss the most. Bill’s favorite role was that of patriarch, or paterfamilias, of a big Irish brood. Family trips to Squaw Valley and Dutch Flat were his great joy, and he relished every opportunity to share books, stories, and special moments with his family, especially Irish literature. Mr. Speaker, I will include in the RECORD an obituary written about Bill Newsom that I think everyone should read. It is about a person so special that you merely have to read the story to find it believable that somebody could accomplish such things with dignity and grace. Mr. Speaker, his obituary says that Justice William Newsom was paterfamilias of a pioneering San Francisco family and a revered figure to his family, including his wonderful daughter, Hilary, whom we all love, and his son, Governorelect Gavin Newsom, whom, unfortunately, he will not see sworn in, but he did see him elected Governor in November. Again, he is a fourthgeneration San Franciscan, born to a large Irish Catholic brood in Depressionera San Francisco. His story is really the story of America. Again, throughout his life he served the community with great, great dignity. His civic and charitable commitments were substantial, serving on the Board of Regents of the University of Santa Clara. The list goes on in terms of education and the arts. Sometimes, Mr. Speaker, we lose someone whose passing makes it seem like an entire era has vanished, but that is not so with Bill Newsom because he left such a legacy for us to continue to enjoy. Again, he is survived by Hilary; Gavin; his beautiful grandchildren, whom he enjoyed so much time with in later years; and so many friends who revered him. I want our colleagues to knew this very special person made a mark on the lives of so many of us in the great State of California and our country. If you have a moment, read his obituary. It is a story of America, of the American Dream of a great Irish American family, a pioneer family in California. Again, when Gavin is sworn in the first week of January, we will all take such great pride in the love that his father had for him and his sister, Hilary, and know that he is looking down from Heaven on that blessed day for the State of California as the Newsom legacy lives on. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 1235. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 7213. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
b1500 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia) at 3 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1222) to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
Section 399V–2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–13) is amended to read as follows: 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report summarizing any activities carried out pursuant to section 399V–2 of the Public Health Service Act (as amended by section 2), including planned activities, and a summary of any research findings and ongoing research efforts, gaps, and areas of greatest need within the Department of Health and Human Services regarding congenital heart disease in patients of all ages. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Representative GUSBILIRAKIS of Florida, who is a valued member of our Energy and Commerce Committee, for bringing this bill forward and for his passion on this very important issue. As one of the original authors of this legislation, he drove this reauthorization forward, and I am proud to stand in support of it once again with Mr. BILIRAKIS . As the parent of a child who died from a congenital heart defect, I know how much today’s vote gives hope to the parents, infants, and adults across the country who live with the effects of congenital heart disease, the most common birth defect and the leading cause of birth defectrelated infant mortality. This affects 40,000 families every year. Nearly 1 in every 100 babies is born with a congenital heart defect and roughly 25 percent of those will need heart surgery or other significant interventions to survive. Up to 200 each year do not survive. That is why this bill is so important. Originally passed in 2010, the Congenital Heart Futures Act expanded infrastructure at the CDC and increased research at NIH to better understand and treat patients with congenital heart defects. The reauthorization before us today ensures continued investment in that research, to identify the root causes of these defects and how to address them from birth to adulthood. Mr. Speaker, this House passed a version of this legislation earlier this year by a vote of 394–7, and the amended version we will vote on today passed the Senate unanimously. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to take this important step for families across the country and to support passage of this bill into law. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 1222, the 
Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act led by Congressman BILIRAKIS  and Congressman SCHIFF . This legislation builds on the success of current efforts by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to improve and expand research, surveillance, and public outreach and education programs relating to congenital heart disease. Each year more than 40,000 babies are born in the United States with a congenital heart defect, and 1 million children and 1.4 million adults are currently living with congenital heart disorders. Even though congenital heart disease is the most common birth defect in America, there are still many unknowns surrounding the condition. This legislation will help expand our understanding of congenital heart disease across the lifespan, and has the potential to improve the lives of the millions of children and adults living with congenital heart disease. Mr. Speaker, I therefore urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), the chair of our Subcommittee on Health. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time this afternoon. Supporting H.R. 1222 is important. This is the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act. This important piece of legislation passed this House by a vote of 394–7 10 months ago. Our Senate colleagues passed an amended version of this bill by unanimous consent last week. Clearly there is a hearty consensus that this bill will make a positive impact on public health. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, congenital heart defects are the most common types of birth defects. Congenital heart disease affects roughly 1 percent of births in the United States. This legislation strengthens the ability of the Department of Health and Human Services to collect data related to congenital heart disease and to increase public awareness. The Secretary will be required to carry out activities through a national cohort study and a nationally representative, populationbased surveillance system to further understand the epidemiology of congenital heart disease. This bill authorizes a total of $10 million each year for fiscal years 2020 through 2024 for the purpose of carrying out these activities. This bill does not focus on a particular subpopulation of individuals. It aims to improve data regarding incidence, prevalence, and outcomes among all age groups, races, ethnicities, and both sexes. The Secretary will also look at evidencebased practices for the treatment and care of individuals with congenital heart disease. Overall, the legislation is intended to improve our Nation’s approach to caring for individuals with congenital heart disease. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank our House champions on this legislation, Representatives GUSBILIRAKIS  and ADAM SCHIFF . They fought alongside Chairman GREG WALDEN to get this bill across the finish line. And, of course, I want to thank the staff on the Subcommittee on Health and the full committee for bringing this to the floor last year. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation which will improve the lives of Americans suffering from this terrible disease. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), who has worked so diligently and hard on this legislation. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. I appreciate all his help on this particular bill, and the committee’s help as well. It has been a priority of ours. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act as amended by the Senate, which will ensure continued investment in surveillance research to evaluate the lifelong needs of individuals with congenital heart defects, or CHD. These surveillance efforts will help improve our understanding of CHD across the lifespan, from birth to adulthood. This research will help us learn more about demographic factors such as age, race, gender, and/or ethnicity. In addition, the legislation emphasizes a need for continued biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health on the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of CHD. NIH will further research into the causes of congenital heart defects, including genetic causes, and study long term outcomes in individuals with CHD of all ages. NIH may study data to identify effective treatments and outcomes, and identify barriers to lifelong care for individuals with congenital heart defects. CHD is the most common birth defect and the leading cause of birth defect related infant mortality. For the Down syndrome community, about half of the children born with Down syndrome have CHD. The road ahead may be scary and uncertain for any parent with a newborn who has CHD, but this bill gives hope to those coping with the diagnosis. Nearly 1 in 100 babies, Mr. Speaker, are born with CHD and more than 5 percent will not live to see their first birthday. We have to fix that. Despite its prevalence and significance, there are still gaps in research and standards of care for CHD patients, but for the sake of the estimated 40,000 babies who will be born in the next year with CHD; there is more work to be done. Mr. Speaker, I began on this journey almost 10 years ago with my good friend, thenCongressman Zack Space. So what we did is we first introduced the Congenital Heart Futures Act back in 2009. Last Congress, Congressman SCHIFF  and I introduced the reauthorization of the original law. During this time, I met with a lot of patients with congenital heart defects, and I have been touched by their stories: people like Trey and Nicole Flynn, a young Florida couple who lost their son Holden while waiting for a heart transplant. He was 2 years old. This bill supports the essential research necessary to make sure another family doesn’t have to leave the hospital without their child in their arms. Lucas Iguina is a young man born with a complex congenital heart defect that essentially left him with half a heart. Despite having three open heart surgeries and countless doctor visits and medical procedures, Lucas has hopes and dreams. This bill ensures that the medical research will keep pace with his generation as they grow to be adults with this complex illness. Jackson Radandt, born with half a heart, has hypoplastic left heart syndrome, which means the left side of his heart was underdeveloped. He depended on lifesaving research to help his failing heart survive until his heart transplant at the age of 11. He is about 16 years old now, Mr. Speaker, and he will live his life with a heightened sensitivity for his new heart. Nicholas B. was born with a complex heart disease and wasn’t getting blood to the lower part of his body, requiring heart surgery when he was just 2 days old. He now is in the top of his class. This bill will ensure that his future remains bright as he navigates this chronic illness through adulthood. Who knows? Nicholas may be a congressman one day. b1515 Abigail Adams, a very familiar name, a young Florida advocate with Down syndrome. Roughly half of the babies born with Down syndrome have a congenital heart defect. Abigail continues to advocate for individuals with Down syndrome. Then there is my friend, Dave. Dave was born with pulmonary stenosis, a condition where a heart valve will not open properly. He had emergency open heart surgery when he was 2 days old, another surgery at the age of 10, and many hospital visits and procedures in the meantime. Today, he is a husband and a father of two, but he lives with atrial flutter. This bill will continue the surveillance program so we can collect data on children and adults with congenital heart problems. And Carolyn H., born with tetralogy of Fallot with pulmonary atresia, had 
openheart surgery when she was 10 years old to repair her heart, but she will need periodic surgical updates to replace the cadaver artery. This bill continues the NIH research into why these defects occur. These are just some of the patients that I have met over the years, Mr. Speaker. There are many, many, many, many more. Lastly, I want to thank some of the advocates who have worked with me on getting this legislation passed. I want to thank: Dave Peluso, David Kasnic, Amy Basken, Dr. Brad Marino, and Jessica Chenevert from the Pediatric Congenital Heart Association. Mark Roeder and Daniel Hile from the Adult Congenital Heart Association. Vince Randazzo, Sara Weir, and Nicole Patton from the National Down Syndrome Society; and, most importantly, our chairman for getting this through. Mr. Speaker, I urge swift passage of this lifesaving bill. Let’s get it to the President as soon as possible. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I echo my support for the Senate amendment to H.R. 1222, it is worthy of our support. We will continue to build on the research and education concerning birth defects, and, most importantly, we will enable individuals and families who live with birth defects to have more hope. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his kind comments on this bipartisan legislation. I think it is another fine work product from the Energy and Commerce Committee in the area of healthcare, health research, and helping families cope with these terrible tragedies that befall us. The Committee on Energy and Commerce, as you know, Mr. Speaker, has done a lot of good work this cycle. I am especially proud of their work on opioids and opioid addiction. Their investigative report now is public—over 300 pages of work—looking at how Americans got hooked on opioids, who is responsible, and what we should do going forward. This legislation on H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act of 2017, is another very important piece of legislation. It too will save lives and bring hope to American families. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1222, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act, as amended by the Senate, which will ensure continued investment in surveillance research to evaluate the lifelong needs of individuals with congenital heart defects, or CHD. These surveillance efforts will help improve our understanding of CHD across the lifespan, from birth to adulthood. This research will help us learn more about demographic factors such as age, race, gender, or ethnicity. In addition, the legislation emphasizes the need for continued biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health on the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of CHD. NIH will further research into the causes of congenital heart defects, including genetic causes, and study longterm outcomes in individuals with CHD of all ages. NIH may study data to identify effective treatments and outcomes, and identify barriers to lifelong care for individuals with congenital heart defects. CHD is the most common birth defect and the leading cause of birth defectrelated infant mortality. For the Down Syndrome Community, about half of children born with Down Syndrome have CHD. The road ahead may be scary and uncertain for any parent with a newborn who has CHD, but this bill gives hope to those coping with the diagnosis. Nearly 1 in 100 babies are born with CHD and more than five percent will not live to see their first birthday. Despite its prevalence and significance, there are still gaps in research and standards of care for CHD patients. But for the sake of the estimated 40,000 babies who will be born in the next year with CHD, there’s more work to be done. Mr. Speaker, I began on this journey almost ten years ago when thenCongressman Zack Space and I, first introduced the Congenital Heart Futures Act back in 2009. Last Congress, Congressman SCHIFF and I introduced the reauthorization of the original law. During this time, I’ve met a lot of patients with Congenital Heart Defects, and I’ve been touched by their story. People like: Trey and Nicole Flynn, a young Floridian couple, who lost their son Holden while waiting for a heart transplant—he was only 2 years old. This bill supports the essential research necessary to make sure another family doesn’t have to leave the hospital without their child in their arms. Lucas Iguina, a young man born with a complex congenital heart defect that essentially left him with half a heart. Despite having three open heart surgeries, and countless doctors’ visits and medical procedures, Lucas has hopes and dreams. This bill ensures that the medical research will keep pace with his generation as they grow to be adults with this complex illness. Jackson Radandt, born with half a heart. He has Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome, which means the left side of his heart was underdeveloped. He depended on lifesaving research to help his failing heart survive until his heart transplant at age 11. He’s about sixteen now and will live his life with a heightened sensitivity for his new heart. Nicholas B., he was born with a complex heart disease and wasn’t getting blood to the lower half of his body requiring heart surgery when he was just two days old. He’s now in the top of his class and this bill will ensure that his future remains bright as he navigates this chronic illness through adulthood. Abigail Adams, a young Florida advocate with Down Syndrome. Roughly half of the babies born with Down Syndrome have a congenital heart defect. Abigail continues to advocate for individuals with Down Syndrome. My friend, Dave, born with pulmonary stenosis, a condition where a heart valve will not open properly. He had emergency openheart surgery when he was 2 days old, another surgery at age 10, and many hospital visits and procedures in the meantime. Today, he is a husband and father, but lives with atrial flutter. This bill will continue the surveillance program so we can collect data on children and adults with congenital heart problems. And Carolyn H., born with tetralogy of Fallot with pulmonary atresia. She had open heart surgery when she was 10 days old to repair her heart, but she will need periodic surgical updates to replace the cadaver artery. This bill continues the NIH research into why these defects occur. These are just some of the patients that I’ve met over the years. Lastly, I want to thank some of the advocates that worked with me on getting this legislation passed. I want to thank David Kasnic, Amy Basken, Dr. Brad Marino, Jessica Chenevert, and Dave Peluso from the Pediatric Congenital Heart Association. I want to thank Mark Roeder, Danielle Hile, Johanna Gray, and Erika Miller from the Adult Congenital Heart Association. Additionally, I want to recognize Vince Randazzo, Sara Weir, and Nicole Patton, from the National Down Syndrome Society and all their support. I also want to thank many of the people that worked quietly behind the scenes, whose names are seldom mentioned, and who never get the recognition they deserve. People like Megan Perez, Kristin Seum, Shayne Woods, Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, Kristen Shatynski, Paul Edattel, Josh Trent, James Paluskiewicz, Peter Kielty, Karen Christian, Ryan Long, Mike Bloomquist, Ed Kim, Nolan Ahern, Ian Martorana, Macey Sevcik, and Elena Hernandez. This bill is a true team effort. I urge swift House passage of this lifesaving bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 1222. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 6615) to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
Part J of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280b et seq.) is amended— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6615, the Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. I thank Representative BILLPASCRELL  of New Jersey for his good work on this important legislation. I am glad to support his efforts to bring another bipartisan public health bill forward for the full House to consider. Mr. Speaker, the House unanimously passed a version of this bill just last week, and now that the Senate has made some technical changes, we are here to pass it once again and send it to President Trump’s desk so it can become law. H.R. 6615 will reauthorize the CDC’s traumatic brain injury initiatives, and establish a national concussion surveillance system. This surveillance system will be able to accurately determine how many Americans, both children and adults, get a concussion each year, and the cause of that concussion. This data would provide real benefits to public health officials and patients in local communities and States across the country as we seek to better understand traumatic brain injury and best practices surrounding these injuries. I know all too well from personal experience—I have a brother who was injured in a motorcycle accident and suffered pretty severe TBI—as somebody who has dealt with that, continues to, and works with men and women in uniform and those in my district, this is important legislation. It will help bring hope and better health outcomes for people who suffer from TBI and maybe even prevent a few of those injuries along the way. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 6615, the Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018, led by Congressman PASCRELL and Congressman ROONEY . This legislation would reauthorize programs at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that would work to reduce the incidence of traumatic brain injury in the United States. These programs also help improve our understanding of the prevention and treatment of traumatic brain injuries through surveillance efforts. This reauthorization would expand upon existing efforts to reauthorize CDC to establish a new national concussion surveillance system to determine the prevalence and the incidence of concussions in the United States. I commend the sponsors of this bill and the work they have done. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), the chairman of our Subcommittee on Health, who has done so much work on the cause of good public policy related to healthcare. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the recognition. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6615, the Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act. For those watching last week, the House passed this bill by a voice vote. Now our Senate counterparts have passed the bill with a small amendment. It is important to note that should this bill pass the Chamber today, as I believe it will, the legislation will be sent to President Trump’s desk and signed into law. I thank our House leaders on this bill, Representative BILLPASCRELL and Representative THOMAS ROONEY , for pushing this important initiative. This legislation reauthorizes the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention traumatic brain injury initiatives. The aggregation of these programs that will be reauthorized by this legislation provide much hope to the individuals and families who are affected by traumatic brain injury. We still have a lot to learn about the risks and the short and longterm effects of traumatic brain injury. This legislation will help increase our goal of increasing knowledge, awareness, and treatment of traumatic brain injury. Once again, I thank my colleagues for supporting this legislation last week, nearly identical legislation, now sent back to us from the Senate with a small amendment, and I urge passage. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), who has done tremendous work on this issue. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6615, the Traumatic Brain Injury Program Reauthorization Act of 2018. I join the traumatic brain injury community in expressing my gratitude to both Chairman WALDEN and our incoming Chairman FRANK PALLONE for their work to swiftly move this important legislation forward. Millions of Americans living with a traumatic brain injury can be assured that better treatments and potential cures are in the not too distant future. While the House passed legislation unanimously just last week, the Senate made some minor changes that are both welcome and nonsubstantive before they passed the bill yesterday. There is one semantic change that does not have any impact on definitions or programs, as well as a regrouping of funding in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention TBI budget. While the bill includes the same amount of funding that was included before, it will give the CDC more flexibility to use and sustain their funding to implement the National Concussion Surveillance System. As the lead sponsor of this bill, I fought hard to ensure it contain the increase in funding that we secured in the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, as well as enough funding for CDC to finally be able to implement the Nation’s first surveillance program. I might add to the Speaker and to Mr. WALDEN , back in 1999 and 2000, when we put the task force together with Jim Greenwood from Pennsylvania, this was our first objective. After 20 years—we are slow learners— we finally got it done. This is going to be a big help to researchers and doctors throughout the United States of America. The CDC has wanted to implement this for years. This funding will finally allow them to capture the full picture of brain injury so that we can better understand the breadth and depth of 
the problem and use that to work towards solutions. Helping people who have suffered these catastrophic injuries is not a political subject. There is no Democratic or Republican way to treat a traumatic brain injury. I am pleased that we have strong sponsors and support from both parties on both sides of the aisle. When I cofounded the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force in 2001, Members, including me, were unaware of the extent and impact of TBI—I will be very frank with you. Today, we fulfill decadeslong work from tireless advocates to bolster our Federal agencies, States, and local providers. They deserve Federal resources to provide the support and breakthrough research necessary to put an end to this condition. The TBI Act reauthorization will help servicemembers on and off the battlefield, athletes on the ball field, and children and families across the country who are living with brain injuries. We have a long way to go, but the journey forward is clearer today with the passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I commend Senator HATCH and Senator C ASEY for quickly advancing this important legislation in the Senate. I will continue working with them and my cochair, TOMROONEY, to ensure this legislation is soon signed by the President. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again encourage Members to support this legislation. As was indicated, it has taken a long 20 years to achieve this success. Hopefully, we can support this and provide, again, a great initiative on behalf of those who suffer from traumatic brain injury. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is really important work. Again, I commend Mr. PASCRELL  for his incredible efforts on this initiative. I know it has taken 20 years. I might say, maybe it just took the right chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee to get it done finally, but it is probably more than that. But I just want to say, this will bring hope. It will bring better health outcomes and will save lives with this legislation as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1530 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 6615. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
BUILDING OUR LARGEST DEMENTIA INFRASTRUCTURE FOR ALZHEIMER’S ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2076) to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2076 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Building Our Largest Dementia Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act’’ or the ‘‘BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2076, the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act. I would like to thank Representative BRETT GUTHRIE from Kentucky for his work to bring this bill to the House floor and for his terrific partnership as a member and real leader on our Energy and Commerce Committee. Now, the BOLD Act is another bipartisan bill. It will enhance our Nation’s public health infrastructure. It will improve lives for patients. More than 5 million Americans have Alzheimer’s. It is the most expensive disease in our country. It costs our health system hundreds of billions of dollars each and every year, and those numbers are only going up. This legislation before us now will help us address those trends by establishing centers of excellence to improve coordination of care with local 
public health departments for patients in our communities. These centers will increase data collection, analysis, and timely reporting to better inform researchers and policymakers across the country. For patients and their families, early intervention and coordination of care provided at these centers can make the burden of Alzheimer’s just a little bit lighter. I have heard about the importance of the bill from Marya in Medford, who, in 2012, became one of the 180,000 Oregonians who serve as unpaid Alzheimer’s caregivers for a loved one. In her case, that loved one was her father. When her father was diagnosed, she was faced with not only a daunting system and difficult choices to make without information, but also an unexpected cost of care of $342,000, on average. According to Marya, if passed, the BOLD Act would ensure States such as Oregon have the resources necessary to support earlier detection and diagnosis of Alzheimer’s and help healthcare givers like her to grapple with this devastating disease. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of patients and their families across our Nation, I urge my colleagues to join me in passing this important legislation as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, legislation that I have introduced with my good friend and fellow Energy and Commerce Committee member, Congressman BRETT GUTHRIE . I thank both Chairman WALDEN and incoming Chair PALLONE for their support of this particular legislation, and I greatly appreciate the partnership with Congressman GUTHRIE and his staff for helping to get this important legislation over the finish line today. Alzheimer’s is a brutal, devastating disease. Anyone whose life has been touched by Alzheimer’s or related dementias knows the heartwrenching toll that these diseases can and most often do take on an individual, on a family, and on a community. Since first coming to Congress, I have been laserfocused on how we can reduce the devastating burden that Alzheimer’s disease has on our families and our Nation. We have had great success, many successes in recent years with legislation such as the National Alzheimer’s Project Act and the Alzheimer’s Accountability Act helping to coordinate our medical research agenda and strengthen our case for the unprecedented investments that Congress has appropriated to effectively treat and find a cure for Alzheimer’s. With the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act, we were able to get CMS to provide coverage for comprehensive care planning services to Medicare beneficiaries and their caregivers following a diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease. These care planning visits are a critical tool for families struggling for answers and help to lessen the burden of this disease. Now we are taking another huge step forward with the passage of the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, legislation that will invest in public healthoriented strategies for tackling Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias. We know that in 2018, Alzheimer’s and related dementias will cost our country $277 billion. By smartly investing in a public health infrastructure for this disease, we can reduce this cost burden on the local, State, and Federal Government, and improve care for those who have received an Alzheimer’s diagnosis. The BOLD Act will enhance our public health infrastructure in three main ways: First, it will create Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias public health centers of excellence. They will be dedicated to promoting effective Alzheimer’s disease and caregiving interventions, as well as educating the public on Alzheimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health. These centers will implement the CDC’s healthy aging public health road map and will take key steps to support health and social services professionals, as well as families and communities. Second, the legislation will allow for State and local cooperative agreements with HHS that will be awarded to State health departments, subdivisions of States, or Tribal entities to develop and carry out Alzheimer’s interventions. These awards will help States build a foundation and also help those States that are already investing in a public health approach to Alzheimer’s to amplify their initiatives through publicprivate partnerships. Finally, the BOLD Act will create data analysis and reporting cooperative agreements with HHS that will ensure that data on Alzheimer’s, cognitive decline, caregiving, and health disparities are analyzed and disseminated to the public in a timely manner. We need this legislation more than ever. The burden of Alzheimer’s disease does not take a day off, and Congress cannot afford to either. In closing, I again thank Chairman WALDEN , Ranking Member P ALLONE , House leadership, our Senate sponsors, and everyone who had a hand in this success today. Without such dedicated bipartisan Alzheimer’s champions throughout Congress, we would not be making this strong step forward. It is mighty progress. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the gentleman from New York for his leadership on this issue as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), so that he can speak on the legislation. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the recognition, and I rise to speak in support of S. 2076, the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act. This bill was introduced on the Senate side by Senator SUSAN COLLINS and Senator CATHERINE CORTEZ MASTO , and it promotes public awareness of Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias. But I also need to thank the champions on the House side of this legislation, Representatives BRETT GUTHRIE  and PAUL TONKO , both valuable members of the Health Subcommittee. Alzheimer’s is a devastating disease that affects families across our Nation. Every 65 seconds, another person in the United States develops Alzheimer’s. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, with one in three seniors dying of Alzheimer’s or a related dementia. Over the past several years, Congress has doubled down on its commitment to researching Alzheimer’s disease and the related dementias by substantially increasing our appropriations for the initiatives housed at the National Institutes of Health. This legislation will require the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services to work with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements to establish or support regional centers to address Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias. The purpose of these centers of excellence is to increase awareness among public health officials, healthcare professionals, and the public as it relates to Alzheimer’s disease and the related dementias. By empowering our healthcare workforce, and our patients with more information, there will be increasing awareness of the disease, the impact it has on individuals’ lives, and the possibility of treatments or interventions. The effects of this disease are daunting for both the individual and for their families. This bill is a step toward building an infrastructure to support the evergrowing population of individuals with Alzheimer’s and their related dementias. I support S. 2076, and I urge my fellow Members to do the same. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), another leader on healthcare in the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act. It has been great to work with my good friend from New York (Mr. TONKO ). We came here together as classmates in the 2008 election. We worked together because we wanted to create a public health infrastructure to help those with Alzheimer’s and other 
dementias receive the care they so desperately need. Over 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s and other dementias, making it the most costly disease in America. In the Second District, I have met countless Kentuckians who have been affected by this disease in some way. I, too, have shared similar experiences with a greatuncle, when I was a child, having early onset Alzheimer’s and seeing my family having to try to understand and deal with it. When I was a child, it wasn’t understood as well as it is even now. I watched my wife’s grandfather go through it and saw my motherinlaw being the primary caretaker and saw how it consumes the family. So what it does to the person with the disease, what it does to the family caring for the disease is of utmost importance in trying to move towards a cure. But, also, it is fiscally responsible what we are doing today because, by 2050, it is estimated it will cost the Federal Government over $1 trillion if we do not have some advances in caring for and delaying this onset. I used to say that is for my children and my grandchildren and my great grandchildren, but, actually, in 30 years, I will be in my eighties, so it will be affecting my children. So we need to move forward, and it is fiscally responsible to do so. The BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act would direct the CDC to establish a network to support the prevention, treatment, and care of Alzheimer’s disease. In doing so, we hope to take care of those who have Alzheimer’s and other dementias now and, hopefully, find a cure for these debilitating diseases in the near future. This important bill has passed the Senate. I urge my colleagues to support it today, and I look forward to seeing the President sign this bill into law. Before I close, I do want to thank all the staff for their hard work. This legislation wouldn’t be done without them. Sophie Trainor in my office has worked tirelessly on this and other bills at the end of this session, and I appreciate her assistance and help. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) to speak on the legislation. b1545 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2076. I thank my good friend, BRETT GUTHRIE from the great State of Kentucky, and also Mr. TONKO for sponsoring the House bill. This is so very important. The Building Our Largest Dementia Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, or the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, is so very important. This bill will create Alzheimer’s disease centers of excellence, which are badly needed. Through these centers and public health departments, we can strengthen our efforts at increasing early detection and diagnosis. It will also allow for the voluntary collection of data so researchers can analyze cognitive decline, caregiving, and health disparities in a timely manner. I know that is going to help so much in finding a cure for this disease. I am a cosponsor of the House version of the bill. In the Tampa area, we have the Byrd Alzheimer’s Center and Research Institute, which is one of the largest freestanding Alzheimer’s research centers in the United States. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GUTHRIE ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this bill will help them in their efforts of Alzheimer’s awareness and research. Please support this bill. We need it badly for our constituents. I appreciate all the help from all the volunteers and the advocates. Again, I urge strong support for this bill. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ). Representative WATERS is from California’s 43rd Congressional District and has invested a lot of time and work on the Alzheimer’s issue, especially in her role as cochair of the Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman TONKO for the leadership that he has provided and the opportunity to rise to urge all of my colleagues to support S. 2076, the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act. I congratulate Senator SUSAN COLLINS for shepherding this bill through the Senate. I join together with my colleagues, Representatives BRETT  GUTHRIE , P AUL TONKO , and C HRIS SMITH, to introduce the House version of this bill in order to promote early detection and diagnosis, support caregivers, and reduce health disparities related to the care and treatment of Alzheimer’s patients. As the House Democratic cochair of the bipartisan, bicameral Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease, I know how devastating this disease can be for patients, families, and caregivers. Alzheimer’s affects more than 5 million Americans, and it is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. There is no effective treatment, no means of prevention, and no method for slowing the progression of the disease. Alzheimer’s is very costly to society. In 2017, the direct cost of care for Alzheimer’s and other dementias was approximately $259 billion, with 67 percent of those costs paid by Medicare or Medicaid. At the current rate, the direct costs of care for these tragic conditions will reach more than $1 trillion by 2050. Most Alzheimer’s patients require constant care and attention, especially when they are in the final stages of the disease. More than 15 million Americans provide unpaid care to family and friends living with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. The Alzheimer’s Association calculated that caregivers provided more than 18 billion hours of unpaid care for people with dementia in 2016, at an estimated value of more than $230 billion. Alzheimer’s has a devastating impact on caregivers. Compared with caregivers for people without dementia, twice as many caregivers for people with dementia indicate substantial emotional, financial, and physical stress. The BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act establishes Alzheimer’s centers of excellence around the country to expand and promote innovative and effective Alzheimer’s interventions. These interventions will support early detection, reduce the risk of hospitalizations and cognitive decline, support caregivers, and reduce health disparities. The BOLD Act will also improve data collection on the incidence and prevalence of Alzheimer’s and related dementias. So, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here with my colleagues today, and I would certainly urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oregon has 121⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), who is a pharmacist on our committee and a great leader on health issues on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2076, the BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act, because of what it does to address this terrible disease. According to the Alzheimer’s Association, nearly 5.7 million Americans are currently living with Alzheimer’s. It is currently the sixth leading cause of death in our country. This debilitating disease continues to grow amongst our population, but we still struggle to understand and find a cure. But there is hope. This legislation would award agreements to establish national and regional centers of excellence focused on Alzheimer’s disease, as well as support State public health departments, tribes, and others working to fight this. 
This disease impacts not only those who have it but also the millions of caregivers responsible for the well being of those who have Alzheimer’s. These are often family members or close friends who have to make sacrifices in their own lives to care for others. This legislation will make great strides in better understanding the cognitive decline associated with the disease, the impact on caregivers, and how we can continue to fight for a cure. I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 4256, the companion bill in the House that was introduced by my good friend and colleague, Mr. GUTHRIE of Kentucky. I also want to thank those across the country who have continued to be tireless advocates on this issue, including Ms. Donna Camacho who has been a leader on this issue in my district. I can’t overstate my appreciation for all of the hard work and dedication that so many people have poured into passing this legislation. Today, with this passage, we can help bring about hope in the future for those who are victims of this disease, like my legislative director’s grandmother, Lisa Verlsteffen, a courageous woman who lived a long and happy life, but who eventually succumbed to the effects of Alzheimer’s after a long and hard fight. While today’s work isn’t the final solution, it brings us one step closer in the fight to eradicate this disease. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and vote ‘‘yes’’ on its passage. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge passage of this legislation. The BOLD Act is another bit of foundation that we have done to move forward and conquer Alzheimer’s and related dementias. Those of us who function in government understand full well that our Federal, State, and local budgets have been impacted severely by Alzheimer’s disease, but, most importantly, families have been burdened by this disease. So it is so important for us to move forward with this legislation that provides, again, hope to those families and individuals living with Alzheimer’s disease. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I, too, join my friend and colleague from New York and our friends across the building in the Senate in support of the BOLD Act, S. 2076. Mr. Speaker, I urge our colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CARTER of Georgia). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2076. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
STATE OFFICES OF RURAL HEALTH REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2278) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2278 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
Section 338J of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254r) is amended to read as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2278, the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act led by Senator PATROBERTS and by my Energy and Commerce Committee colleagues Representative MARKWAYNE MULLIN of Oklahoma and my fellow Oregonian, KURTSCHRADER , here in the House. This important legislation reauthorizes and enhances Federal grants to States for improving healthcare in rural areas through the operation of State Offices of Rural Health. Now, in my home State of Oregon, the Oregon Office of Rural Health has been the coordinating body for frontier health since the 1970s. This office partners with the Oregon Health & Sciences University to improve the delivery of statewide resources to rural areas, such as the Second District. Telehealth, rotational programs for medical students in rural communities, and recruitment of healthcare providers are just a few examples of the Oregon Office of Rural Health’s work to help patients in Oregon’s rural areas. I am proud of the great work that they do, and this bill will enhance their ability and those of all State Rural Health Offices to equip communities with the tools they need to strengthen the delivery of healthcare in rural and underserved areas. So, Mr. Speaker, I strongly support passage of this legislation. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2278, the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act of 2018. I thank Chair WALDEN and incoming Chair PALLONE , along with Congressman SCHRADER and Congressman M ULLIN , for their work on this important legislation. This legislation would reauthorize the Federal grant program that supports Offices of Rural Health in each State, including the Charles D. Cook Office of Rural Health with the New York State Department of Health for the first time. These offices assist States in strengthening rural health delivery systems and improving access to quality services in rural areas. This work is particularly important because patients and providers in rural communities can face obstacles that can: result in reduced access to care, increase health disparities, and inhibit individuals from experiencing optimal health. To ensure that States can continue to meet the requirements of this grant program, this reauthorization legislation provides new flexibility for State offices to meet their Federal match requirements, as well as to request a waiver that would allow the State office to continue to receive Federal funding if an office faces an extreme hardship in meeting that requirement. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 2278, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ), who is a cosponsor of this very important legislation. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of my bill, the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act of 2018. There is a healthcare crisis right now going on in rural America. Rural hospitals are closing their doors at an alarming rate. Eightyfive rural hospitals have closed since 2010, and 673 are vulnerable to close at any time. More closures are coming, and Congress needs to start making changes to ensure that rural Americans have the healthcare they need. My bill, the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act, will help Oklahoma’s rural hospitals keep their doors open by reauthorizing the Oklahoma Office of Rural Health. This office provides a valuable resource to the hospitals of Oklahoma by helping hospitals explore innovative and collaborative ideas that can lead to improvements and savings. Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss not to mention that awesome sweatervest that you are wearing. So in the spirit of Christmas, I believe you just pull that off. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRA DER), who represents Oregon’s Fifth Congressional District. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act. Since 1979, as alluded to before, Oregon’s Office of Rural Health has provided services critical to the folks in the rural portion of my State. Thirty six percent of Oregonians live in rural communities, and as we know, these communities often face challenges not experienced in urban or suburban settings. b1600 People in rural areas might have long distances to travel over mountainous terrain just to see their doctor, or they might have issues even finding a primary care provider or specialist who can help them where and when they need it. That is why we need the Offices of Rural Health and why the House should pass this bill today. Oregonians have come to rely on the services and expertise of the Oregon Office of Rural Health to help build up the healthcare in rural areas so folks in these communities know they will be able to see a doctor, nurse practitioner, or other healthcare professional. The Office of Rural Health has worked with small hospitals and EMS providers to ensure that patients are safe, the ethics are up to code, and they can work through the often challenging patchwork of programs and regulation. My State’s Office of Rural Health has also been instrumental in providing the data and policy expertise we have needed to ensure that all Oregonians receive the care that the Affordable Care Act and Oregon’s healthcare transformation projects have promised. Everyone, including folks in our rural areas, should have access to quality healthcare. This bill provides the Federal support and resources necessary to ensure that all 50 States’ Offices of Rural Health can be there for the patients who need them. I am proud to have led on this bill in the House with my good friend, MARKWAYNE MULLIN . I am grateful to Chairman WALDEN and Ranking Member PALLONE for getting this to the floor before the end of a very interesting session. I thank them for their leadership on this issue and urge support for this bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I also want to rise in support of S. 2278, the State Offices of Rural Health Reauthorization Act of 2018. This bill, which was introduced by Senators PAT ROBERTS and H EIDI HEITKAMP , reauthorizes grants to State Offices of Rural Health. I also need to thank our House champion of this effort, Representative MARKWAYNE MULLIN , a valuable member of the Health Subcommittee. This legislation already passed the Senate, and today we have the opportunity to pass it on the floor of the House and send it down to the President for his signature. The majority of counties in the United States are rural. While urban and suburban counties are growing in population, certainly in my own community back in the 26th District of Texas, we have a significant percentage of the population living in rural areas. Citizens of rural America reap many benefits of their communities, but they 
are also faced with unique challenges, particularly when it comes to healthcare. S. 2278 will enable States to maintain and improve upon healthcare in rural areas by reauthorizing grants to State Offices of Rural Health. Grantees will be required to maintain a clearinghouse for collecting and disseminating information on rural healthcare issues, research related to rural healthcare, as well as innovative approaches to rural healthcare delivery. The grantees will also be tasked with identifying both Federal and State programs to address rural health and to provide technical assistance to public and nonprofit private entities regarding participation in these programs. State Offices of Rural Health provide much value to the 57 million Americans that live in these areas around the country. Many of us represent towns and counties that are largely dependent upon the strength of rural Members of Congress. For these reasons, I ask Members to join me in supporting S. 2278. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support, again, of the legislation before us. I want to commend Congressmen SCHRADER and M ULLIN for their great work on this important legislation. It shows great sensitivity to the healthcare needs of rural America and to the corresponding health delivery systems. For that reason alone, this is worthy of our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank Members on both sides of the aisle, my colleagues who have worked so hard on this legislation, and, frankly, our friends in the Senate, as well, who worked with us on this. We are glad to bring this to a conclusion and another very important healthcare bill will make its way to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2278. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
WATER INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7279) to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for an integrated planning process, to promote green infrastructure, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 7279 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water Infrastructure Improvement Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 7279. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to express strong support for my bill, H.R. 7279, the Water Infrastructure Improvement Act, and ask my colleagues to join the bipartisan coalition that worked on this legislation to pass it. I introduced this bill to help codify into law a useful tool our communities should have at their disposal called integrated planning. Integrated planning provides flexibility for communities when they are confronted with the realities of managing wastewater and stormwater systems. Cities and other municipalities are charged with delivering those water utility services to their residents. Those same municipalities face the challenges of regulatory mandates from the Environmental Protection Agency for wastewater and stormwater systems. They also face the rising costs of these mandates, which can become severe financial burdens in repairing or replacing aging water infrastructure. These financial burdens ultimately fall on the ratepayers: the residents of those municipalities, many of whom cannot afford dramatic and immediate increases in their monthly bill. Without flexibility and the ability to prioritize projects so public health and environmental benefits can be maximized, local governments may be forced into costly consent decrees. Integrated planning helps communities sequence their water projects to meet regulatory or safety obligations more affordably. Cities can use integrated planning to focus on projects that will actually deliver safe and affordable water utility services rather than simply focusing on regulations and red tape. The Water Infrastructure Improvement Act also creates an important position inside the EPA, the Office of Municipal Ombudsman, to assist municipalities in implementing Agency policy and ensuring local governments are adhering to their responsibilities under the Clean Water Act while utilizing integrated planning. This bill enjoys bipartisan support in Congress and support from the National Association of Clean Water Agencies, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National League of Cities, the American Public Works Association, the National Association of Counties, and the National Association of Regional Councils. The Water Infrastructure Improvement Act offers a way forward for our communities to take a comprehensive approach to repairing or replacing outdated water systems, to delivering clean and sustainable water services, and to keeping it affordable for the ratepayers and taxpayers. We all tend to get wrapped up in the headlines of the day. The nonstop calls for outrage dominate cable news, and partisan differences grab everyone’s attention. Because of that, the American people very rarely hear or see the real bipartisan work on issues important to their everyday lives like easy access to safe, affordable, and efficient water utilities. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from California (Mrs. NAPOLI TANO ) for her work on this issue. This is an example of the many issues in Congress that affect the lives of all Americans and that find bipartisan support, yet fly under the radar. I strongly urge my colleagues to join me, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. FUDGE , Mr. C HABOT , and Mrs. B USTOS in passing the Water Infrastructure Improvement Act so America’s municipalities and their residents can maintain access to safe water. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7279, the very bipartisan, as my colleague was saying, Water Infrastructure Improvement Act. Let me first start by thanking the primary sponsor of the bill, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), for his great cooperation on this. Let me say that it was a pleasure doing it, and I associate myself with his remarks. It is very bipartisan and something that we all agree on that needs to happen for the people of this Nation to finally reach a bipartisan agreement on this 
very important issue after more than 4 years. This legislation codified the concept from the Obama administration known as integrated planning that can assist communities in meeting their requirements under the Clean Water Act, while maintaining their obligation to achieve improvements in local water quality. EPA’s integrated planning framework provides communities with a voluntary opportunity to prioritize local clean water investments with the greatest benefit to human health and the environment. This is incredibly important to communities in my congressional district, as well as many others, as they meet the challenges of the Los Angeles County MS4 stormwater permit, and also across the Nation. To be clear, the integrated planning is not about diminishing communities’ existing obligations under the Clean Water Act; rather, it provides an opportunity for communities to work with Federal and State regulators to optimize their clean water infrastructure investments. The sad reality is that, until the Federal Government increases its investment under the Clean Water Act, communities will still struggle with affordability challenges. We can and must do better. First, we need to reauthorize the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, known as SRF, and I am hopeful that this is one of the first things we will accomplish next year on, again, a very bipartisan basis. We passed similar reauthorization of the drinking water program by voice vote in September. Now is the time for a similar effort to protect local water quality. Second, we need to address the cost of water and sewer services to these households with the least ability to pay. No hardworking American family should be forced to go without water and wastewater services simply because their local rates are too high. Clean water is a basic human right. Yes, utilities should be able to recover the costs necessary to upgrade their local systems, but when those costs disproportionately affect individual households, we can and must do much more to help struggling families afford these basic services. That will be another issue I hope this next Congress will address in the coming year: protecting our Nation’s clean water and making it affordable for all American families. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ). Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Ohio, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 7279, the Water Infrastructure Improvement Act. Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have worked on legislation to give our Nation’s communities more flexibility to comply with costly regulations in regards to their wastewater infrastructure improvements. In each Congress since 2008, I have introduced legislation that addresses these issues and provides relief to our local communities. I have heard from many villages, towns, and cities across my district over the years that struggle to meet wastewater and stormwater improvement demands. This legislation is a key step to build on the work I have previously done to provide relief to our constituents by allowing them to more effectively and efficiently meet their specific water needs. b1615 There are billions of dollars worth of water, wastewater, and stormwater infrastructure needs in the State of Ohio. It is critical to provide communities with the ability to meet their obligations in a more costeffective manner. This legislation will codify the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Integrated Planning Framework and provide additional tools and flexibility for communities to comply with mandated wastewater infrastructure improvement projects. This is important because it allows municipalities and clean water utilities to decide how best to spend their limited resources. Integrated planning allows communities to allocate funds in a targeted manner, allowing them to focus on the most effective water quality improvements. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to thank my colleague Representative GIBBS, as well as Representatives CHABOT , NAPOLITANO , FUDGE , and B USTOS for working together to get this bipartisan piece of legislation passed. I will continue to work with my colleagues in both chambers to ensure that this bipartisan bill reaches the President’s desk in order to help improve our Nation’s water infrastructure and protect the ratepayers. I urge all my colleagues to support this measure, and, again, I thank my colleague for introducing the legislation. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of H.R. 7279, the Water Infrastructure Improvement Act. I want to thank Congressman GIBBS as well as Congressman LATTA , who just spoke previously, Congresswoman FUDGE , and a number of others with whom we have been working, literally for years now, to move forward integrated planning and provide more flexibility for local communities to meet clean water standards. The legislation that we are working on and that we have been involved in here, I think, is critical for communities like mine—Cincinnati, Hamilton County—and communities all over the country. I want to say a special thanks to Hamilton County Commissioner Todd Portune, who is a Democrat, and County Commissioner Chris Monzel, who is a Republican, in my district. We have been working in a bipartisan manner on this for quite some time now. Commissioner Portune brought this to my attention a number of years ago as Hamilton County dealt with the EPA consent decree that they had entered into many years ago that has literally crippled the sewer system and has caused dramatic price increases for the ratepayers, hundreds of thousands of whom are my constituents. Commissioner Portune helped to craft the early versions of this legislation, and he and Commissioner Monzel have continued to fight to push this legislation across the finish line. Oftentimes, when I see Todd Portune back in my area, he will bring this up to me and encourage me. We have been in this together for a long time now, and Commissioner Monzel as well. I, again, especially want to thank Congressman GIBBS for pushing this for many years now. I am so glad that we are actually finally getting there. The legislation that we are considering today will authorize the EPA to work with local communities on integrated clean water plans that incorporate flexibility and innovative approaches. It will also allow integrated plans to be used to modify administrative orders or consent decrees, and it will allow compliance schedules that are longer than the current permit periods, if the jurisdiction meets its State water quality standards. That is the important thing. We want more flexibility to give local communities the ability to deal with their problems in a way that makes sense in that community. The problems that New York City has are very different from what a rural Mississippi district or my district, Cincinnati, would have. They are all a bit different. What we are saying is that you still have to meet those high standards that the EPA sets for clean water. We want our people to drink clean water, but we should give those different communities more flexibility so that they can do what makes sense in their particular community and then save the ratepayers their hardearned tax dollars. That is what this is all about, maintaining the high standards that we have, but doing it in a way that allows for more flexibility; the local communities can act according to what is in their best interest. Together, these commonsense proposals represent a critical first step in addressing this issue as we continue to work on further financial capability guidance so that communities can meet clean water standards in a fiscally responsible manner. I, again, want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leadership on this and for moving this bill 
forward. I thank all of the Members who have played a part in this process. It has been a long time coming. A lot of people have worked very hard on this, and I just want to thank all of those who have done this in a bipartisan manner. I would love to see this House work this way even more. We will see. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, our respective staffs for working together on this. They did a great job, and they did an awful lot of work on it. Mr. CHABOT is right; it has been a long time coming. I have been on the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment more than 20 years, and this is something that came up over 10 years ago that EPA was forcing California restrictions. And California has the strictest rules on air and water. So this is really an efficient way of being able to help California and other States deal with it. This bill before us is a very good first step toward ensuring the protection of our Nation’s rivers, lakes, and streams and deserves our very strong support. We have worked with cities, mayors, water agencies, sanitation districts, environmental groups, as well as our colleagues on the other side on this legislation. We are aware of no opposition—none—to this bill. We thank all stakeholders for their input and support throughout this process. However, it is my hope that early in the next Congress we can return to the House floor with similar bipartisan legislation to address the funding needs and affordability concerns we discussed earlier. Only then can we say we have delivered on our responsibility to provide clean, safe, and affordable water to all American families, including Native Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to, again, thank my colleague from California, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , for all her help on the other side of the aisle to make this a very bipartisan bill. It is a very commonsense bill. The key to this that I think needs to be mentioned and emphasized is it gives our local communities flexibility and also encourages all levels of government to work together—the Federal EPA, the State EPA, and the local municipalities—to solve the problems they have at the ground level. Also in this bill, there is a provision that requires that the new position, the EPA ombudsman, in at least 2 years report back to Congress, the T&I Committee, about what happened with the integrated planning, the specific projects, and review that and see if it needs to be tweaked or not. We will see how it works. It is very important, working together. You see communities that have been under court orders, court decrees, and they can’t get to where they need to get to, and this bill gives them that flexibility and that common sense. Everybody wants to do the right thing, and this will help them do that and to be working with the EPA in a partnership. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 7279, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7279. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
STRENGTHENING AND ENHANCING CYBERCAPABILITIES BY UTILIZING RISK EXPOSURE TECHNOLOGY ACT Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7327) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a security vulnerability disclosure policy, to establish a bug bounty program for the Department of Homeland Security, to amend title 41, United States Code, to provide for Federal acquisition supply chain security, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7327 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act of 2018’’. 
This title shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the SECURE Technology Act. This is a bill that I introduced with the majority leader, KEVIN MCCARTHY , and Representatives RATCLIFFE , L IEU, VELA, and L ANGEVIN . This bill includes two bipartisan proposals to strengthen Homeland Security. First, it requires a vulnerability disclosure policy and establishes a bug bounty program at the Department of Homeland Security. Second, it establishes requirements for supply chain security in products purchased by the Federal Government. Title I of the bill incorporates H.R. 6735, which is the PublicPrivate Cybersecurity Cooperation Act, which was introduced by Leader MCCARTHY and passed by a voice vote by this House in September. It is cosponsored by myself and Representatives RATCLIFFE , LANGEVIN , and K HANNA . Senator PORTMAN introduced the Senate companion to this bill, S. 3707, with Senator HASSAN . This title seeks to protect the information systems of the Department of Homeland Security by establishing a program to report security vulnerabilities discovered on these systems. This program allows DHS to learn about security risks from privatesector experts and requires DHS to fix these at risk systems. DHS operates many of the systems and services other agencies use to protect their networks, so DHS should set the example for securing its own information systems. Title I also includes S. 1281, the Hack the Department of Homeland Security Act of 2018, which was introduced by Senator HASSAN with Senators PORTMAN , M CCASKILL , H ARRIS , and GARDNER . Representative LIEUintroduced the House companion to this bill, H.R. 2774, with Representative TAYLOR . It is cosponsored by Representatives MEEHAN , KHANNA , JAYAPAL , KILMER , KELLY , and EVANS . The bill authorizes DHS to create a bug bounty pilot program to compensate people who report security vulnerabilities to DHS. Bug bounties are widely seen as an effective and inexpensive way to identify vulnerabilities in IT systems. Title II of this bill incorporates S. 3085, the Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act of 2018, which was introduced by Senator MCCASKILL and cosponsored by Senators LANKFORD and JOHNSON . This bill passed the Senate by unanimous consent last night. This title helps ensure the integrity of information technology and communications equipment purchased by the Federal Government by addressing supply chain risks that are governmentwide. The bill sets up an interagency council to identify products that pose unacceptable risk to these systems and to set policy on information sharing and risk mitigation in Federal IT systems. The bill recognizes the need to move away from an ad hoc approach to dealing with unacceptable products offered to the Federal Government by companies such as Kaspersky, ZTE, and Huawei. It also authorizes exclusion and removal orders for products found to pose an unacceptable risk to these Federal IT systems. This legislation provides for due process, including judicial review, and certainty about how lawsuits will be handled in the future. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the numerous Members in the House and Senate who worked tirelessly on these two pieces of legislation, especially Leader MCCARTHY , members of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and Committee on Homeland Security, and members of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. Mr. Speaker, I want to urge my colleagues to support the SECURE Technology Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Representative HURD, for his leadership in introducing this commonsense legislation. The bill before us today includes a number of different measures. The bill includes a measure originally introduced by Senator MCCASKILL to deal with information technology threats to the Federal acquisition supply chain. The bill would address the serious cybersecurity risks that recently came to light after the discovery of Kaspersky products had been installed on many government computers. The bill would establish the Federal Acquisition Security Council to facilitate information sharing among Federal agencies regarding supply chain risks when purchasing information technology products and create procedures for evaluating such risks. The bill would give agencies the authority to mitigate supply chain IT risks and authorizes the Council to recommend excluding suppliers, if warranted. The bill also would establish a judicial review process and reporting requirements to ensure fairness and accountability if companies are excluded in the future. In addition, the bill includes several provisions to improve cybersecurity at the Department of Homeland Security, one which was originally authored by Senator HASSAN of New Hampshire. It would create a pilot program through which the Department would be authorized to provide a financial reward to those who legitimately come forward to report vulnerabilities on DHS websites and software to prevent exploitation by cyber terrorists, State actors, and criminal organizations. Socalled white hat hackers are an enormous pool of talent that the Federal Government has largely failed to leverage. The bill would also require DHS to put in place policies to ensure that civicminded hackers can identify and report bugs found on the Department’s information systems without breaking the law. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the SECURE Technology Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I make my friend, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, whom I always take every opportunity to work with, aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend especially for his work on this bill and for his friendship and for our continuing work together. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, this is another example of how we can actually get things done up here in Washington, D.C., if we work together. This is a piece of legislation that is going to help secure our networks, make sure we are protecting the American people, and I urge the adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7327. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur 
in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 6227) to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6227, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, the House considers H.R. 6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act, before sending it on to the President. H.R. 6227 passed the House unanimously in September. After negotiations with the Senate, we reached a bicameral, bipartisan agreement. I introduced this legislation, along with House Science, Space, and Technology Committee Ranking Member EDDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON , who is on the floor this evening, as well as 28 other committee members from both parties. America is now in a race with China and Europe to develop the next technological breakthroughs based on the power of quantum science. It is a race we must win for our economic and national security. The National Quantum Initiative Act creates a 10year Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development in the United States. The bill leverages the expertise and resources of U.S. industry, academia, and government to move quantum information science to the next level. Quantum information science uses quantum physics for the storage, transmission, manipulation, computing, and measurement of information. This legislation establishes a National Quantum Coordination Office within the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. This office will oversee interagency coordination and strategic planning, serve as a central point of contact for stakeholders, conduct outreach, and promote commercialization of Federal research by the private sector. The bill also supports basic research, education, and standards development at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of Energy. Up to $255 million a year of these agencies’ funding will be directed to new quantum research centers and laboratory research. Their activities will address fundamental research gaps, create a stronger workforce, and generate transformative innovations to give U.S. companies and workers a competitive advantage. The bill ensures that U.S. hightech companies, which are investing heavily in quantum research, and a surge of quantum technology startups will contribute their knowledge and resources to a national effort. H.R. 6227 was developed with input from industry, academia, national laboratories, Federal agencies, and the administration. The result is a strong consensus bill, which I urge my colleagues to support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act, and I thank Chairman SMITH and our colleagues in the Senate, Senators THUNE , NELSON , MURKOWSKI , and C ANTWELL , for their leadership on this bill. This is a good, bipartisan bill, and I am happy that we will be voting today to enact this bill into law before the Congress expires. H.R. 6227 is the product of extensive formal and informal engagement with key stakeholders in industry, academia, and the Federal Government. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee held a hearing late in 2017 in which we heard from Federal agency, university, and industry representatives about ongoing research and future opportunities in quantum sensing, quantum communication, and quantum computing. We also heard about investments in quantum research across our agencies and the need for a strategic and coordinated approach going forward. In addition to the hearing, committee staff held numerous bipartisan meetings and roundtables to inform the development of this committee. Quantum sensors are already beginning to enter the marketplace, with potential applications across all sectors— from environmental sensing, to biomedical imaging, to the military battlefield. The race is on to lead the world on longrange quantum communications, which, in theory, at least, would be unhackable. Quantum communications is the area of quantum technology development where the U.S. is most at risk in ceding its leadership. Our R&D investments pale in comparison to the scale of investments being made in China and elsewhere. Many believe quantum computing technology has the potential to accelerate progress on some of our most pressing challenges, including how to address climate change and understand complex diseases like cancer. It is truly an exciting time for this field and for the broad spectrum of innovators that are planning to take advantage of these breakthrough capabilities. It is also a time of increasing international competition, and the stakes are high. Global leadership in quantum computing brings with it a military and intelligence edge, as well as a competitive advantage in what many expect to be a massive industry for decades to come. We must invest more in research. We must also ensure that we are educating and training the next generation of top quantum scientists and engineers. Our Nation’s progress in advancing research in quantum science and capitalizing on these investments to develop realworld technologies will depend on partnerships among our Federal agencies, universities, and the private sector. The National Quantum Initiative Act will set us on the right path. H.R. 6227 directs the President to establish a 10year National Quantum Initiative Program, with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of Energy playing leading roles. Through the establishment of a national coordination office, an outside advisory committee, and an interagency working group, the program will take a wholeofgovernment approach to accelerating progress in quantum research and technology development and building a strong quantum science and engineering workforce. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first, I thank Senator THUNE and Senator N ELSON , the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, who introduced a companion bill to H.R. 6227 in the Senate. I also acknowledge Senator LISA MURKOWSKI and Senator M ARIA CANTWELL , the chair and ranking member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, for their work on this bill as well. Finally, the President’s White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, as well as the leadership at NSF, NIST, and the Department of Energy have been steadfast in their support. This legislation will help the U.S. to become the world’s leader in quantum development. Let’s support this bill and send it to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1645 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no requests for time. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, with the Speaker’s allowance and permission, we have another speaker on his way to the House floor who we expect to be here in another 30 seconds, so if I could talk slowly and go on for another 30 seconds, I think the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) will be here and would like to have the last word. Mr. Speaker, I have no other requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act, I wish to commend Chairman SMITH on his six years at the helm of the Science Committee, and on his 32 years of dedicated service to the people of Texas’ 21st Congressional District. It has been an honor to work with him. Because of his steadfast leadership, this bill is on its way to becoming law. I thank Chairman SMITH. This bill coordinates a federal program to accelerate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States. Quantum technology is a field positioned to fundamentally change the way we move and process data. Theoretically, quantum computing could allow for the solutions to exponentially large problems—things that cannot be accomplished by even the fastest supercomputers today. It could allow us to visualize the structures of complex chemicals and materials, to model highly detailed flows of potential mass evacuations with precise accuracy, and to quantify subatomic interactions on the cutting edge of nuclear research. Quantum computing may also have profound implications for cybersecurity technology. Should China and Russia beat us to achieving quantum encryption, our current security encryption measures would be rendered obsolete. It is imperative that the U.S. maintain its leadership in this field. 
In order to achieve this kind of revolutionary improvement in technology, we need foundational knowledge in the advanced computing and materials science required to construct quantum systems. The Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science is the leading federal sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences and funds robust quantum technology research. At Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC) allows scientists to run simulations of quantum architectures. At Argonne National Lab’s Center for Nanoscale Materials, researchers study atomicscale materials in order to engineer the characteristics of quantum information systems. And at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, scientists are applying their experience in high energy physics to the study of quantum materials. Earlier this year, I invited several of my colleagues to join me on a visit to Argonne and Fermi labs, and we had the privilege of speaking with the scientists conducting this groundbreaking research. Support for basic research in computer science and for computational partnerships between industry, academia, and the national labs is necessary to develop the technology needed for future commercial quantum systems. For these reasons, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 6227. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 6227. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
REAUTHORIZE THE NEW JERSEY COASTAL HERITAGE TRAIL ROUTE Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6602) to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6602 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route was authorized by Congress in 1988, and it runs along the entire eastern coast of New Jersey. The National Park Service, the State of New Jersey, the Pinelands Commission, and other local organizations have partnered to promote recreation and appreciation of New Jersey’s coastal areas along that route. The route links wildlife refuges, historic sites, and natural areas to tell the story of New Jersey’s role in shaping U.S. history and in providing important habitat for birds and other wildlife. The coalition’s efforts to enhance public enjoyment and access bring more visitors to these special places from New Jersey and beyond. H.R. 6602 will reauthorize the Secretary of the Interior’s authority to co manage the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route through 2025 and to provide technical assistance. This authority expired in 2011. Congressman FRANK LOBIONDO should be commended for his support for his constituents and for the Coastal Heritage Trail, and I am pleased to move this legislation before his retirement from the House. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6602 would reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route through 2025. H.R. 6602 would also instruct the Secretary of the Interior to draft a strategic plan to enhance the trail route for the future, providing opportunities to sustain this very worthwhile program. I congratulate Representative LOBIONDO for his hard work on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, Congressman LOBIONDO is going to be retiring from this House after many, many years of distinguished service at the close of this session, and it has been my distinct honor and pleasure to serve with him. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor and pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ). Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for the kind words and for his service to our country, and I say ditto about an honor to serve with him and everyone else in this body. I rise today to urge passage of H.R. 6602, to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail. This was something that I worked on with the late Senator Frank Lautenberg a number of years ago. Since its inception in 1988, the Coastal Heritage Trail has been a major success throughout my district, as well as the entire State. Now, although there are 12 Members of Congress from the State of New Jersey, the Second Congressional District, which I have had the honor of representing, is about 40 percent of the State geographically, so this trail spans nearly 300 miles, covering much of New Jersey’s coastline. It was designed to provide an educational and enjoyable understanding of the natural, maritime, and cultural sites of our coast, which, I must admit, are many. The Coastal Heritage Trail is divided into five regions linked by the common heritage of life on the Jersey shore, as well as the Raritan and Delaware Bays. Finally, this trail has been a great example of the work that can be done through collaboration with public and private partnerships, and I think the success of the trail is really because of these collaborations and the different, various groups that have come together to understand how working together can really make a difference. Through partnership with the National Park Service, Congress, and local organizations, the Coastal Heritage Trail has received support and has been beautifully maintained until authorization recently lapsed. With this lapse of authorization, the public sector groups and the private sector 
groups were not able to maintain the trail, which they had most of the resource to take care of this. So it has been a big problem with the lapse. Mr. Speaker, it is time to redesignate this trail so it can be enjoyed by countless residents and visitors to New Jersey for many years to come. I urge passage of H.R. 6602. I thank my colleagues for considering this, and I very much appreciate the opportunity to move this bill. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote for this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I join Mr. GRIJALVA in asking for the support of this Chamber of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6602. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I request the yeas and nays. The SPEAKER pro tempore. That request is not in order at this time. 
POINT OF ORDER Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. MASSIE. When a quorum is not present, under the rule, the yeas and nays are automatic. Will there be a vote of the yeas and nays? The SPEAKER pro tempore. When business resumes, pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, a demand for the yeas and nays will be in order. 
STIGLER ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2018 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2606) to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: Ω1æOn page 3, line 12, strike ø, as of said date,¿ and insert: , as of the date of enactment of the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018, Ω2æAt the end of the bill, add the following: 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, shall be construed to revise or extend the restricted status of any lands under the Act of August 4, 1947 (61 Stat. 731, chapter 458) that lost restricted status under such Act before the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of the Senate amendments to H.R. 2606. This bill would amend the 1947 Stigler Act to remove the Indian blood quantum requirement for certain land to be maintained in restricted fee status for any member of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma. Under H.R. 2606, restricted fee land currently owned by members of the Five Tribes would remain in restricted status regardless of the blood quantum of the owners. H.R. 2606 passed the House on September 12, 2018, by voice vote. A clarifying amendment was adopted before being passed by the Senate on December 13, 2018. I thank the sponsor of the legislation, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), for his work on this bill. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2606 seeks to amend the 1947 Stigler Act by removing the arbitrary blood quantum levels it established for Indian land ownership. This will ensure that lands currently owned by the citizens of the Five Tribes of Oklahoma will remain in restricted fee status, regardless of their blood quantum levels or that of their heirs. The House has already passed this measure once, and I am happy to agree to the changes that the Senate made to Mr. COLE’s bill. Upholding the sanctity of a Tribe’s land base should be of utmost importance to Congress and the Federal Government as a whole. A tribal land base is not just about taxexempt status or economic development, both of which are vitally important to tribal communities. It is also about construction of housing, schools, clinics, and eldercare facilities, things that are extremely vital to the health and the wellbeing of tribal members. It is also about recognizing a tribe’s historical, cultural, and spiritual connection to the land, land that they called their own until it was forcibly or wrongly taken from them. We need to ensure that tribal sovereignty and selfgovernance are more than just talking points. There are realworld decisions that we make that have very real consequences, so it is shameful that a dark chapter in history is now repeating itself. I am referring to the dire situation that is facing the Mashpee Tribe of Massachusetts. The Mashpee have inhabited present day Massachusetts and eastern Rhode Island for more than 12,000 years. Their ancestors are the ones who welcomed the Pilgrims who landed at Plymouth Rock, as well as the people who aided these Pilgrims through the hard times of 1621 that we now refer to as our First Thanksgiving. Like many tribes, the Mashpee were intentionally and systematically rendered landless through various actions by the States and the Federal Government. b1700 They have fought long and hard since that time to reestablish that which was taken from them: their homeland. They fought first for Federal recognition, which they finally received in 2009 after a 30year struggle. They then fought to establish a homeland for their people, which they finally did in 2015, when Interior approved their application to take 320 acres into trust for the Tribe. Things were looking optimistic for the Mashpee people. They constructed a government center, which includes a school, courtrooms, and multipurpose rooms, and they established a medical clinic facility. They were planning to embark on economic development opportunities that would help sustain the Tribal people and ensure their prosperity for future generations. Then the rug was cruelly pulled out from beneath them. In 2017, the Department of Justice, under the Trump administration, inexplicably refused to continue to defend the status of the Tribe’s reservation in court. Then on September 7, 2018, the Department of the Interior issued its first Carciary decision, in which it refused to reaffirm its own authority to confirm the status of the Tribe’s reservation. Interior rejected clear evidence that the Mashpee were indeed under Federal jurisdiction, evidence that was accepted as sufficient in prior agency decisions. This decision is devastating and unprecedented. It would mark the first time since the dark days of the termination era that the United States acts to deestablish an Indian reservation and make a Tribe landless. 
On our side of the aisle, we have been sounding the alarm for some time that this would come to pass if we did not address the Carciary issue, and yet the majority has refused to address that issue for almost a decade. Many other Tribes also face frivolous lawsuits on land that they have had in trust for years, sometimes decades. These attacks on sovereignty eat up valuable Tribal resources and funds, funds that could be instead used on housing, healthcare, economic development, and a myriad of other Tribal needs and concerns. As a result of this, the Trump administration’s decision, the Mashpee and the Tribal government is on the brink of total dissolve. The legal limbo that has been imposed by the decision is forcing the Tribe to have to borrow thousands of dollars every day to keep its government running. This has resulted in devastating cuts to essential services and massive layoffs. The majority of Tribal members are employed with the Tribe. Due to this, the Tribal unemployment rate has skyrocketed to 49 percent. They have had to essentially dissolve their police force except for one patrol officer; they have laid off all Tribal court staff; they are in the process of shutting down their elder services and addiction treatment programs; and they are having to shut down their language immersion school serving preschool and schoolage children. This is completely unacceptable and, sadly, avoidable. If this were occurring with a State or a local government, my colleagues across the aisle would have already remedied the situation, and we could do just that. We could address this issue headon by simply reaffirming the trust status of Mashpee land. We could overturn the misguided agency decision and give stability and sovereignty back to the Mashpee people. This is exactly what many of us on both sides of the aisle have strongly advocated for months; however, the silence from Republican leadership of the House is deafening. Legislation to affirm the Mashpee homeland has existed for months, even before the Interior decision, yet the majority has refused to move it. Inaction is complacency, and the inaction of this body sets a dangerous precedent moving forward for other Tribes that are having their sovereignty challenged. Many of us have worked diligently over the years to right the wrongs of the past and rightfully return land back to Tribes. Mr. Speaker, I implore our Republican majority to work with us now to ensure Mashpee culture and its way of life survives. Congress must affirm its Federal trust responsibility and ensure Tribal sovereignty remains intact. We must not idly stand by as Tribal people are on the losing end of another heinous wrongdoing—not on this watch. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the gentleman from Arizona on an inspiring and eloquent speech on a subject that has nothing to do with the bill at hand. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), the author of this measure. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding, and I certainly want to thank him and Chairman BISHOP for their assistance through this whole process. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2606, the Stigler Act Amendments of 2018, and on the Senate amendments to that legislation. I also speak on behalf of the citizens of the Cherokee Nation, the Chickasaw Nation, the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, the Muscogee (Creek) Nation, and the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma, commonly known as the Five Civilized Tribes. This bill only addresses and affects those Tribes and lands of their citizens within the State of Oklahoma. The passage of this legislation is critical to maintaining the inherited land of our Native citizens’ ancestors. This legislation seeks to amend the original Stigler Act of 1947 and remove the onehalf degree requirement of Native American blood. The original Stigler Act provides that, upon probate, if the heirs or devisees of an original allottee from the Five Tribes have passed out of onehalf degree of Native blood, the allotment loses its restricted fee status. This bill ends that practice. It provides the opportunity for the heirs and devisees to take title to the land and allow the parcel to maintain its restricted status. This legislation will also create parity in Federal law in the treatment of Native Americanallotted land by removing minimum blood degree requirements. Currently, these minimum requirements apply only to the citizens of the Five Tribes. The House has already passed this legislation this Congress by voice vote, and it was passed in the Senate with an amendment by unanimous consent. The Senate amendment provides clarifying technical language, which I fully support. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to once again support and pass H.R. 2606 to remove this outdated and discriminatory law and to preserve what Nativeheld land is left in Oklahoma’s Indian Country. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank the chairman for his help in this matter. It partially rights an historic wrong. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ), my good friend, for yielding time and for his leadership on this and so many other important issues. Mr. Speaker, I have no concerns with the underlying bill before us today, and I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), whom I have the great honor to serve with on the House Rules Committee, for his efforts on this bill. However, I am very concerned—and I can’t stress that enough, very concerned and disappointed—that this majority has refused to allow an important bipartisan bill affecting a Tribe in my home State of Massachusetts from coming to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my appreciation for all the hard work my fellow Massachusetts delegation members JOEKENNEDY and B ILLKEATING  have done to advance that bill. The Federal Government formally recognized the Mashpee Wampanoag in 2010. In 2015, the previous administration agreed to hold several hundred acres of land in trust. Yet, despite these actions, the status of the Native American Tribe that greeted the Pilgrims landing on Plymouth Rock nearly 400 years ago is in question. In September, the Department of the Interior unjustly reversed its prior decision to hold the Mashpee land in trust. The review of the Department’s prior decision came due to a quirk in a 1934 Federal law, but that minor quirk could have major implications for this Tribal community. Schools could be shuttered, healthcare access could be restricted, and its economic sovereignty could be limited. H.R. 5244, the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe Reservation Reaffirmation Act, was introduced by my good friend BILL KEATING . This bill would reaffirm the Mashpee land as being held in trust in Massachusetts, effectively overturning this unjust decision by the Department of the Interior. Mr. Speaker, Congress has acted time and again to correct unjust actions taken by our government with respect to Native American Tribes across the country. We must do so again to protect the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, and I urge my colleagues to bring this legislation that will do just that to the House floor for a vote as soon as possible. Now, if that doesn’t happen in the remaining hours of this Congress, I will look forward to working with the distinguished incoming chair of the Natural Resources Committee to make this bill a reality. This is the right thing to do, and, quite frankly, it is just inexcusable that this House hasn’t moved this issue forward. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt the issues raised by the gentleman will be addressed in the future. In the meantime, this bill addresses an important matter to the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and I would ask for its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 2606. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
POINT OF ORDER Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman will state his point of order. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, when a quorum is not present and that is noted by a Member, under the rules, the yeas and nays are automatic. Is that correct? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, when proceedings resume on this question, a demand for the yeas and nays will be in order. Mr. MASSIE. All right. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
CONVEYING CERTAIN FACILITIES, EASEMENTS, AND RIGHTSOF WAY TO KENNEWICK IRRIGATION DISTRICT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6652) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain facilities, easements, and rightsofway to the Kennewick Irrigation District, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6652 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
other income stream the United States derives from the assets to be transferred at the time of the transfer. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6652, authored by my colleague from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to transfer the ownership of certain water infrastructure resources from the Bureau of Reclamation to the Kennewick Irrigation District, which already operates and maintains the facilities. Now, to be clear, this is not a giveaway of taxpayerowned property. The district has a longterm contract with Reclamation to repay the capital costs of construction, with the payment to be completed by the time of the transfer. This legislation is about supporting local water infrastructure. The transfer will allow the district to more efficiently manage water supplies, while giving the local community the ability to seek private financing, through equity, to improve vital water infrastructure. This is also a win for the American taxpayer. Title transfers like this reduce regulatory paperwork and staff time for both parties, reduce the Federal backlog for repairs and upgrades to improve the environment and public safety, and reduce Federal liability. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6652, as stated, authorizes the conveyance of certain water facilities owned by the Bureau of Reclamation to the Kennewick Irrigation District in Washington. Before transferring the water facilities and associated lands, the legislation wisely requires an assessment be completed under the National Environmental Policy Act. The bill also requires the Department of the Interior affirm that the transfer won’t have a negative effect on the environment or harm Tribal trust resources before the transfer can take place. Mr. Speaker, these are important safeguards. I applaud Congressman NEWHOUSE for agreeing to them. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), the author of this measure and a leader on the Natural Resources Committee. b1715 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from California for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of my legislation, H.R. 6652, to transfer Bureau of Reclamation works to the Kennewick Irrigation District. As many of my colleagues know far too well, communities across the Western United States too often are faced with the detrimental impacts of droughts and water shortages. Water providers across central Washington and across the West face numerous challenges to supply water, including growing demand, aging infrastructure, and changing precipitation patterns. By transferring the Bureau of Reclamation works to a local entity, like the Kennewick Irrigation District, water suppliers can better manage critical water resources and empower water managers to be as responsive, efficient, and innovative as possible in serving their community. In addition to transferring the works, the legislation before us will provide for reduced Federal liabilities and, with the Kennewick Irrigation District prepaying for the works, there is an additional costsavings benefit to the Federal Government. I thank the chairman of the Natural Resources Committee in the House, Chairman BISHOP , for moving this legislation forward, which truly is a win win for local water providers, the Federal Government, and taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, I also thank Mr. Bill Ball, the staff director of the Subcommittee on Water, Power, and Oceans, for his tremendous work at the committee; and a personal shoutout to one of my office staff members, Travis Martinez, for his work. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation on final passage, and I look forward to the Senate moving swiftly to get this legislation to the President’s desk. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6652, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
MODERNIZING RECREATIONAL FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1520) to expand recreational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1520 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, back in April of last year, in April of 2017, we introduced legislation known as the Modern Fish Act, the Modernizing Recreational Fisheries Management Act. A few months later, in July, on July 10, the Senate introduced a companion measure. Mr. Speaker, the House bill has 24 bipartisan cosponsors and, on July 11, the House passed this bill, the House version, H.R. 2023, as part of H.R. 200, the overall MagnusonStevens Fisheries Conservation Act Reauthorization. Mr. Speaker, MagnusonStevens was first authorized in 1976, very important legislation that largely at the time was designed to manage commercial fishing out in Federal waters across the United States. Over time, we have seen extraordinary changes in fishing, both in commercial fishing, in technology and demand on species, changes in technology and science and our ability to better manage these species; and, importantly, Mr. Speaker, changes in the demand from recreational fishers. People like you and I, myself and our kids, we enjoy going out and fishing. MagnusonStevens was designed largely to manage the commercial side, and it largely lacked the important balance or consideration of the millions and millions of fishers, of anglers, that go out and enjoy it just as families, and this bill helps to fix that. The Modern Fish Act will recognize in Federal law for the first time that recreational fishing and commercial fishing are fundamentally different activities and, therefore, should be managed differently to fit the characteristics of each sector. Mr. Speaker, while recreational fishing is an experiencebased activity, commercial fishing is designed for profit. It is a forprofit activity, it is a business activity. We have seen significant evolution in the way that the States manage State waters, recreational and commercial fishing in State waters. And let’s keep in mind, there is nothing that distinguishes State waters and Federal waters. When you get outside the seaward boundaries of States, generally 3 miles in most States, it is indistinguishable. The species go back and forth, but the management styles have fundamentally changed. In my home State of Louisiana, our recreational fishers have determined that they are going to impose a fee on themselves to improve the collection of data to improve the science to better inform our fishery management decisions. The Federal Government has the opportunity to do the same thing and, in some cases, to better involve States to ensure the complementary nature of fisheries management in the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic, the Pacific, Alaska, and in other areas. This bill will allow the Regional Fishery Management Councils to manage recreational fisheries more successfully based on public access, without hard quotas, or TACs. Ultimately, these changes will help to avoid sudden closures and drastically changing fishing regulations that have been plaguing many Federally managed fisheries. The State of Louisiana is one of the most productive ecosystems in the North American Continent. We have nearly 90 percent of the freshwater inputs in the Gulf of Mexico coming through our State. We have one of the top commercial fishing industries in the Nation—in fact, the largest in the continental United States—and we produce more shrimp, blue crabs, oysters, crayfish, and other species than anywhere else in this Nation. It is important to also keep in mind that we are one of the top recreational fishing destinations. We are a place where many people like to come to fish: redfish, speckled trout, red snapper, Amberjack, cobia, and many, many other species. We have got to have that balance. This bill moves in the right direction to ensure that we do have a balance. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, let me just say this. The regulations, the laws, that manage our roads, we have a very different structure on how 18 wheelers, how trucks are managed, versus cars; we have different rules on how civilians versus military engage; we also have a different tax code for businesses and individuals. This bill simply does the same thing: it recognizes that there is a difference between commercial fishing and recreational fishing. Especially in our home, in the Gulf of Mexico, it recognizes that there is extraordinary participation on the recreational side of fishers, of just the general public, going out there and enjoying that experiential activity to go out there and go catch fish in the Gulf of Mexico. We must ensure that we have better science, that we have better decisions in the Gulf of Mexico, and that we have better balance on how these fisheries are managed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 1520, known as the Modern Fish Act, expands opportunities for recreational fishermen by encouraging the use of multiple fisheries management tools. Importantly, S. 1520 keeps the core conservation provisions of the MagnusonStevens Act intact by making it clear that fisheries managers can use multiple tools, but annual catch limits cannot be exceeded. 
This bill encourages managers to think about how to manage fisheries in a way that benefits both conservation and fishing access. I applaud Senator WICKER and Senator NELSON for the hard work they have undertaken to get this bill across the finish line. This bill is a major improvement from the version that was introduced in the House earlier this year, and I commend my colleagues in the Senate for getting it to a place where all of us can support it. This year, we have seen progress on recreational fisheries issues, driven by advancements in technologies and data collection systems. While the recreational fishing industry is vital to the economy of the United States, the last thing we want is another tragedy of the commons or policies that undercut that progress. The changes made to S. 1520 meet the demands of the recreational fishing industry while also ensuring access to sustainable fisheries. I am thankful for the good faith effort shown on both sides of the aisle and for a bipartisan bill that does not compromise the sustainability of our Nation’s fisheries. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I reiterate that this is bipartisan legislation. I thank my friend from Arizona for the cooperation in ensuring that we get text that everyone agrees is a step in the right direction in improving that balance in the management of commercial and recreational fisheries, in ensuring that we have the best science informing our decisions and that our resource managers have access to that information and are allowed to use it. I thank the 24 bipartisan cosponsors from States like Georgia, South Carolina, Florida, Texas, and many other coastal States in the United States that worked with us on this to ensure that we move in the right direction. And I thank the dean of the House and the king in the North, Congressman DONYOUNG , for all of the work that he has done for decades in progressing Federal fisheries management policy. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Bill Ball, Dustin Davidson, and the many staff who helped to work on this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1520. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES ACT OF 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3530) to reauthorize the Museum and Library Services Act. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3530 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 3530. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3530, the Museum and Library Services Act of 2018. b1730 The Institute of Museum and Library Services was first established through the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 to coordinate our Federal museum and library programs. The majority of the funding that the IMLS receives supports the Library Grants to States Program. This specific program provides population based formula grants to improve library services according to each State’s 5year plan. It also provides funding for library and museum services and professional development for library and museum professionals and aspiring professionals through competitive grants. The Museum and Library Services Act of 2018 reauthorizes the IMLS and the programs under the law through fiscal year 2025 and authorizes level funding for 6 years equal to the amounts in current law. The legislation also provides key reforms to the IMLS and its programs. S. 3530 updates provisions of the law to reflect the evolving role of libraries and museums in our society. It recognizes libraries as community hubs equipped to serve community needs, and the legislation highlights the unique educational role that museums play. The bill increases the setasides for services for Native Americans and codifies a museum professional development program in a way that mirrors the Laura Bush 21st Century Librarian Program. Lastly, the legislation puts an emphasis on the needs of rural communities and funds activities that will serve geographically diverse areas. This is commonsense reauthorization legislation that affirms the important role that libraries and museums play in our communities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, S. 3530 renews the Museum and Library Services Act to enhance the ability of libraries and museums to address community needs, including workforce development, literacy, and accessibility for individuals with disabilities. The bill is supported by the American Library Association and the American Alliance of Museums. This legislation strengthens the use of data driven tools to maximize the effectiveness of services; provides technical support and assistance to help the libraries and museums with data collection responsibilities; authorizes the 21st Century Museum Professionals Program to recruit museum professionals from diverse and underrepresented backgrounds; enhances collaborative efforts with Federal agencies to fully meet the needs of Americans; and increases services for Native Americans. 
It is vital to ensure that our libraries and museums have the necessary resources to modernize their services and continue to solidify their role as technological hubs of our communities and as access points in our communities throughout this country. Libraries and museums ensure access to information for millions of adults and children across this country, and I am thrilled that we have the opportunity to promote their growth, expand their services, and safeguard these critical institutions for generations to come. I am proud to have introduced this legislation with Congressman HURD from Texas who introduced the companion legislation in the House and fully support the passage of S. 3530, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX). Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank everyone who has worked hard on this legislation. S. 3530, the Museum and Library Services Act of 2018, is an excellent opportunity to honor the place of libraries in our diverse communities. As a girl growing up in the mountains of North Carolina, libraries were vital to my own education, and that was the case for everyone in my community. Almost 19 years into the 21st century, libraries continue to provide lifelines to lifelong learners all across this great country. They are as vital as ever. We in the House are happy to do our part in ensuring these local institutions continue to play the important role they do in educating Americans of every age and communities of every size. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Indiana for his role in this. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is commonsense reauthorization legislation. I urge my colleagues to support S. 3530 and affirm the important role that libraries and museums play in our communities. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BANKS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3530. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HENSARLING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 362, noes 1, not voting 69, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Abraham Barletta Barton Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Buchanan Ca´rdenas Comstock Costa Cramer DeLauro Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Flores Foster Gabbard Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kennedy Kind King (NY) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant McHenry McSally Messer Moulton Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Paulsen Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Scott, David SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Wild Wilson (FL) Yoho 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 351, noes 10, not voting 71, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Blum Gaetz Goodlatte Griffith Grothman Massie Sanford Sensenbrenner 
Abraham Barletta Barton Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Buchanan Ca´rdenas Comstock Costa Cramer Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Flores Foster Gabbard Garrett Gowdy Graves (LA) Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kennedy Kind King (NY) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant McHenry McSally Messer Moulton Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Paulsen Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Scott, David SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Wild Wilson (FL) Yoho ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 348, noes 11, not voting 73, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans 
Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Blum Buck Davidson Duncan (TN) Gaetz Gohmert Grothman Massie McClintock Sensenbrenner 
Abraham Barletta Barton Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Buchanan Ca´rdenas Comstock Costa Cramer Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Flores Foster Gabbard Garrett Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hollingsworth Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kennedy Kind King (NY) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant McHenry McSally Messer Moulton Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Paulsen Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Rush Scott, David SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 359, noes 1, not voting 72, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Abraham Barletta Barton Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Buchanan Ca´rdenas Comstock Costa Cramer Delaney Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Flores Foster Gabbard Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kennedy Kind King (NY) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant McHenry McSally Messer Moulton Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Paulsen Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Scott, David SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
b1944 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MODERNIZING RECREATIONAL FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (S. 1520) to expand recreational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 350, noes 11, not voting 71, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—11 
Amash Biggs Blum Davidson Duncan (TN) Gaetz Garrett Massie Sanford Schrader Young (AK) 
Abraham Barletta Barton Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Buchanan Ca´rdenas Comstock Costa Cramer Delaney Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Flores Foster Gabbard Gowdy Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kennedy Kind King (NY) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant McHenry McSally Messer Moulton Noem Nolan Nunes Olson Paulsen Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 331, noes 28, not voting 73, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Blum Buck Davidson Duncan (TN) Gaetz Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grothman Harris Hice, Jody B. Hudson Johnson (LA) Jordan Labrador Lesko Massie McClintock Palmer Perry Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Weber (TX) 
Abraham Balderson Barletta Barton Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Buchanan Ca´rdenas Comstock Costa Cramer Delaney Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Flores Foster Gabbard Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kennedy Kind King (NY) Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant McHenry McSally Messer Moulton Noem Nolan Nunes Olson Paulsen Pocan Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Ross Scott, David SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, this evening I say goodbye to the House of Representatives after 20 years of service. Thank you to the people of Queens and the Bronx. It has been the honor of a lifetime to be the voice of many people from New York City. Mr. Speaker, as a son and grandson of immigrants from Ireland, more specifically, as a son of a New York City cop, as a husband and a father, I can only hope I have made my family proud. My family is everything to me. They taught me to pursue fairness and justice, to use my power—and my size and my voice—for good, and to give back. I hope I have done that. I hope my colleagues will keep working together to do the same. We all have different backgrounds, but we are all united by our shared dreams for this great land. I believe in the best of America, its people, and its public servants. Again, thank you to my family for the love and support you have always shown to me: to my mom, who was not able to be here tonight; to my brother, Sean; my sisters, Eileen and Maura; my brother’s wife, Maureen, and their boys; my sister’s children and their families; my children, Cullen, Kenzie, and Liam. I won’t tell you their ages, because they can’t be on the floor. And, of course, my wife, Kasey, is with us as well. Thank you, Kasey. To my staff, the greatest staff a person could ever have, all of you have made this such a great journey. From the darkest days of my life of 9/11 to the passage of the Affordable Care Act, a very special moment for me, it has been great to be a part of this amazing ride. I thank you all very much, and God bless you all. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say goodbye to the House of Representatives. To say goodbye after 20 years of service to the people of New York and to the country. To say goodbye to what’s been the honor of a lifetime. I have been grateful every day for this opportunity—to come to work in this chamber, to walk beneath the Capitol dome, to stand in the footsteps of the giants who came before us. And I will forever be thankful for having had the chance to represent my hometown community. 
All four of my grandparents, and my mother, were immigrants from Ireland. They left behind everything they knew, in search of a better life for not just themselves, but for their future generations. I doubt they ever pictured that someday their grandson would serve in the United States Congress, but I hope I have done them proud. My dad was the oldest of seven, who first became a New York City cop, then went to college and law school on the GI bill. My mom didn’t go to college, but she worked as a legal secretary, raised four children, and gave us every opportunity she could. My family instilled in me the values that I hold dear to this day—the importance of hard work, building strong communities, and ensuring opportunity for all. They taught me to stand up for the little guy, to pursue fairness and justice, to use my power—and my size, and my voice—for good. And I’ve tried to incorporate those lessons throughout my work. My family also taught me the importance of service—of giving back. Of being part of something that’s bigger than yourself. That’s what I’ve been thinking about as I say farewell to my time in Congress. Our time here isn’t about any one of us—it’s about what’s best for the country. I think sometimes we lose sight of that in the daytoday—the legislative deadlines, the political positioning. Our jobs here tend to be partisan—there’s no escaping that. But we can’t—we shouldn’t—let that blind us to what we’re sent here to do. Yes, I’ll remember the day we passed the Affordable Care Act to bring health care to millions more Americans. I’ll remember marching for fair, humane immigration reform with LUISGUTIE´RREZ . I’ll re member ‘‘sitting in’’ for sensible gun violence prevention. But I’ll also always remember walking across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with JOHN LEWIS, and watching my 13yearold son hug JOHN after the Chief of the Montgomery Police Department apologized for his treatment there so many years ago. I’ll remember welcoming Pope Francis, alongside NANCY PELOSI , John Boehner and the whole congressional leadership, many of whom I’m proud to call friends. I’ll remember fighting for sustainable peace in Ireland, for progress in Burma, for a stronger relationship with India all of which require cooperation on both sides of the aisle. I’ll remember returning to the Capitol after the September 11 attacks, after the worst day of my life when my cousin John was declared among the lost firefighters, and the way I was welcomed, and embraced, and loved by members of every political persuasion. I think about those experiences when I’m wondering how we can get back to the days of working together, and seeing each other as people, not political opponents. But I believe we can find our way again. Because I do believe that government can do great things. I believe that we can create goodpaying jobs, and a vibrant and strong economy that works for all. I believe that we can lead the world in innovation, and lead the world, period. But those aren’t Republican or Democratic goals. In my neighborhood, they’re shared by the shopkeeper, the taxi driver, the firefighter. And here, they’re shared by every one of us who walks into this chamber. We all have our own backgrounds and our own family folklore, but we’re united by our shared dreams for this country. So I always believe in the best in this country, its people, and its public servants. Part of what helps me to keep that optimism is the love and support I’ve always gotten from my family, many of whom are here today. My mom, my brother and sisters, and their families. My children, Cullen, Kenzie, and Liam. And of course my wife Kasey, whose support has allowed me to participate in this great arena. It’s been quite a ride. And while I’m sad to be leaving, I follow that old Irish tradition of keeping your chin up, keep smiling. I think you all know that I’m a little bit of a Bruce Springsteen fan. One of my favorite songs, Rosalita, has a line I can’t help but think about: ‘‘Someday we’ll look back on this and it will all seem funny.’’ I will seem funny. But it will also seem meaningful, it will seem compelling, it will seem historic. And it will always stand out to me as the greatest professional experience of my life. So thank you to my constituents, my friends, my family, my staff, and all of you who made this such a great journey. f 
BUDGET PROCESS, FISCAL YEAR 2019 (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage all of us to stay committed to reforming the Federal budget and appropriations process. Here we are, operating under a continuing resolution and scrambling to adopt another, our third of fiscal year 2019 alone. Despite good work being done to fund 5 of the 12 annual appropriations bills, after 2
1⁄2months and two continuing resolutions, our work remains unfinished. Mr. Speaker, the power of the purse is the most important constitutional responsibility granted to Congress, yet we have regularly and repeatedly ceded our duty to fulfill this essential role. It is unacceptable, and it is clear that the Federal budget and appropriations process is broken. The American people deserve better. As you know, the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform laid the groundwork for bipartisan, bicameral reform this past year. Our proposal began taking steps in the right direction to improve the process. While our efforts were unsuccessful, where we stand today highlights just how desperately our work was needed. It, Mr. Speaker, is now more necessary than ever. I will continue to champion budget process reform and the ideas put forth by the joint select committee next year. Today, I sent a Dear Colleague letter outlining our year of work, which I include in the RECORD . I encourage all Members to review it and join me in this essential effort. We owe the American people this process. Let’s fix this. DEARCOLLEAGUE : In the Second Session of the 115th Congress, I was honored to Co Chair the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform. As members of the U.S. House of Representatives, Article I entrusts in each of us the power of the purse. This is an awesome responsibility that I, and I know each of you, take very seriously. We owe it to the American people to have a process that works, and that was the goal of the Joint Select Committee—to produce recommendations to reform the federal budget and appropriations process. As you know, our Joint Select Committee produced a bipartisan, bicameral consensus package of reforms in advance of our statutory deadline of November 30, 2018. During our markup, amendments were subjected to a supermajority threshold to ensure those that passed reflected a true consensus of the panel. Some amendments passed unanimously. During the final debate on the bill, many members indicated that they had no objection to the package’s underlying reforms. However, the bill and report developed over many months of hard work failed to secure the necessary supermajority of votes to pass under our Joint Select Committee’s rules. Despite the unfortunate outcome of the Joint Select Committee’s work, there is no refuting that the federal budget process is broken. It is vital that Congress continues these efforts to reform the budget and appropriations process this year, next year, and in the years beyond. I have assembled in this Budget Committee print all the relevant materials to this year’s work. I urge all Members to review this information. In this Committee print, you will find: The report of the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform; The Cochair’s mark, as amended, and voted on, by the Joint Select Committee; The votes of the Joint Select Committee; Hearing transcripts of the Joint Select Committee’s five public hearings; Congressional Budget Office briefing materials prepared for the Joint Select Committee; Congressional Research Service briefing materials prepared for the Joint Select Committee; H.R. 7191—a bill introduced in the House by myself and Representative Yarmuth, a Joint Select Committee Member and Ranking Member of the House Budget Committee; and The press release to accompany the introduction of H.R. 7191. It is my sincere hope that this important work will continue in the 116th Congress on a bipartisan and bicameral basis. I believe Members of Congress, Executive Branch officials, outside budget experts and academics, as well as engaged citizens, will find this material useful for future reform efforts. I would like to thank the Members of the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform, our hardworking staffs, particularly Dan Keniry, David Reich, and Mary Popadiuk, as well as the House Rules Committee staff, Bob Weinhagen and Tom Cassidy in the Office of Legislative Counsel, budget experts at the Congressional Research Service and the Congressional Budget Office—particularly Mark Hadley and Teri Gullo—and House Parliamentarian Tom Wickham and his office, for the year of dedication. If you have any questions or would like additional information, please contact Dan Keniry, Staff Director of the House Budget 
Committee or Mary Popadiuk, General Counsel of the House Budget Committee. STEVE WOMACK , Chairman, Committee on the Budget. f 
IN MEMORY OF SERVICEMEMBERS WHO PERISHED DURING THE U.S. MARINE CORPS TRAINING EXERCISE ON DECEMBER 5, 2018 (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is with profound sadness that I rise today with my colleagues who have helped organize this, particularly my colleague Congressman RUTHERFORD , to pay tribute to the servicemembers who tragically perished on December 5 during a training exercise off the coast of Japan: Lieutenant Colonel Kevin Herrmann of New Bern, North Carolina; Major James M. Brophy of Staatsburg, New York; Captain Jahmar Resilard of Miramar, Florida, who was raised in my district and whose mother I have spoken with; Staff Sergeant Maximo Flores of Surprise, Arizona; Corporal Daniel Baker of Tremont, Illinois; and, Corporal William Ross of Hendersonville, Tennessee. These decorated marines served our Nation with distinction. Listing their achievements does little to pay adequate tribute to their bravery, courage, and dedication to our country. On behalf of my colleagues, I express our heartfelt condolences to the families of these honorable servicemembers, their friends, and their colleagues in the United States Marine Corps. Our Nation grieves with you, and we pray that you find comfort during these extremely difficult times. Mr. Speaker, I request that the House of Representatives observe a moment of silence in memory of these American heroes. 
POWER OF THE PURSE (Mr. CULBERSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, the Founders entrusted the power of the purse to the Congress because it is the most effective and powerful check and balance in our Constitution. It is vitally important that this Congress work to pass these appropriations bills in their full detail. We cannot continue to operate under a continuing resolution, which just allows the executive branch to run unchecked. These bills have been carefully negotiated. These bills allow the public to see how our hardearned tax dollars are being spent. These bills enable the Congress to have some real authority over the executive branch. In the 18 years it has been my privilege to represent the people of west Houston, and to chair a subcommittee on appropriations, I was able to work together with my colleagues in putting together the largest hurricane recovery package in the history of the country, working together to make sure that our laws are enforced and that the Department of Justice is following the law, enforcing the law, and securing the border. These things can be done through the power of the purse, through the responsibility we have as Members of Congress, as appropriators. It is essential we pass these appropriations bills and do so in a bipartisan way. I have always worked closely with my colleagues throughout the State of Texas and throughout the country, regardless of party, because we are doing it for the good of the country. As Mr. CROWLEY said in his remarks and you can detect by the response in the House, we all work together armin arm as patriots. Let’s pass these appropriations bills in detail when we come back here in the next year when the CR runs out in February. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 4174. An act to amend titles 5 and 44, United States Code, to require Federal evaluation activities, improve Federal data management, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate agrees to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 2736) ‘‘An Act to develop a longterm strategic vision and a comprehensive, multifaceted, and principled United States policy for the IndoPacific region, and for other purposes.’’. The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 3178. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a deprivation of civil rights, and for other purposes. f 
HONORING PROFESSOR YUMIKO OGAWA (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor New Jersey City University Professor Yumiko Ogawa. Professor Ogawa is a registered play therapist. Along with current and former NJCU students, she is providing play therapy for immigrant children who are in the process of applying for asylum. Their play therapy program is currently being implemented at the Newark office of a nonprofit called Kids in Need of Defense. Since 2014, the United States has welcomed more than 240,000 unaccompanied minors who are seeking protection. Many of them have suffered from violence and child abuse. Some of them are escaping persistent trauma, including human trafficking and gang violence. Professor Ogawa’s play therapy has already helped some of these children cope with their trauma. I am proud of Professor Ogawa’s thoughtful leadership and the amazing research supported at New Jersey City University. It only takes an idea to change the world. I am proud to represent NJCU in Congress, and I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this wonderful initiative. f 
b2015 FAREWELL TO WILSON TEAM FELLOWS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the dedicated staff work of Major Jonathan Grabill, who served as a military fellow, and Drew Nickels, who served as a foreign policy fellow, in the office of the Second District. Major Grabill has had a distinguished career in the Army for more than 16 years. He provided key insight in developing the National Defense Authorization Act. He has been deployed to Germany, Iraq, and Kuwait. His background has been vital to reverse the decline of readiness in our military. A leader on foreign policy issues, Mr. Nickels has worked tirelessly to develop legislation for the Foreign Affairs Committee. He previously served as intelligence briefer for two Secretaries of Energy. Before that, he was an intelligence analyst with the Foreign Nuclear Programs Division at DOE. Mr. Speaker, their service will always be appreciated, with congratulations for being members of the Wilson team. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to the family of Diane Wells; her husband, Joey; and children Eli, Maya, and Emma. 
CONGRATULATING PROFESSOR EVAN MACK (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate an accomplished composer, educator, and music innovator from New York’s capital region, Professor Evan Mack, recently named a Musical America 2018 Professional of the Year. Professor Mack’s first major opera premiered at New York’s Baryshnikov 
Center in May of 2011, an impressive achievement for a firsttime composer. Since then, he has composed numerous operas, including a grand opera based on William Kennedy’s 2014 novel, ‘‘Roscoe,’’ that received a concert performance with the Albany Symphony featuring Deborah Voigt in 2016. He also cowrote one of the firstever operas for Twitter, #IsOperaDead, a fiveact opera performed in the span of 1 minute and 40 seconds. He also serves on the faculty at Skidmore College and was a resident artist at the prestigious Yaddo. Professor Evan Mack, on behalf of all of your many fans and supporters in upstate New York, congratulations on being named a 2018 Professional of the Year by Musical America. 
CONGRATULATING THE RAINES AND MANDARIN HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAMS (Mr. RUTHERFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Raines High School football team for winning the Florida 4A State championship and, also, the Mandarin High School football team for winning the Florida 8A State championship. Raines High School now has won two straight State titles, while Mandarin just captured their first State football championship ever. This marks the first time in history that two public schools from Duval County, Florida, have won the State championship in the same season. Football is a big part of Florida culture. Many kids grow up with dreams of winning the championship under those Friday night lights, and these student athletes have demonstrated the commitment and work ethic to be successful both on the field and in the classroom. I congratulate them for bringing home some hardware to northeast Florida where it belongs, and I look forward to more championships to come. Congratulations once again to Mandarin and Raines football on a victory these players will remember for the rest of their lives. 
CONGRATULATING ALIQUIPPA HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, it was a fitting end to an outstanding season for the Aliquippa High School football team. They were victorious in 14 of their 15 games. The Quips, led by their new head coach and former quarterback, Mike Warfield, fought their way to a resounding victory as they became Class 3A State football champions. The 35–0 win against Middletown High School resulted in the Quips’ third PIAA State championship. The Aliquippa football team has been a perennial contender for State football titles. This season, a powerhouse offense outscored teams by more than 700 points, and a formidable defense shut out 7 of their 15 opponents. The Quips team also won the WPIAL championship, and Coach Warfield became only the third coach in WPIAL history to win a State championship in his first year. Congratulations to Aliquippa High School, Coach Warfield, the coaching staff, and the team for their outstanding achievement. They have made western Pennsylvania proud. f 
FOREVER GI BILL HOUSING PAYMENT FULFILLMENT ACT (Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, the Forever GI Bill Housing Payment Fulfillment Act, which will hold the Department of Veterans Affairs accountable for properly and retroactively paying student veterans the educational housing benefits they have earned. This legislation, introduced in response to the VA’s failure to comply with the reimbursement rates set by the Forever GI Bill, requires the VA to correct all delayed payments and underpayments no later than January 1, 2020. The Forever GI Bill provides housing benefits to thousands of Kentucky’s active military reservists and veterans as they pursue higher education. Our Nation’s veterans deserve better than to face financial distress, or even eviction, as a result of inaccurate or late payments. This legislation will remedy this undue hardship placed on veteran students and provide oversight and accountability to ensure these payments are made in a timely manner in the future. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation to provide relief and certainty to our Nation’s veterans, and I look forward to its swift passage. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT MAXIMO FLORES (Mrs. LESKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the members of the Arizona delegation to join me. Mr. Speaker, I and the rest of the Arizona delegation want to take a minute to honor the life of Staff Sergeant Maximo Flores. On December 6, Staff Sergeant Maximo Flores was killed during a midair collision involving a marine refueling aircraft and a fighter jet off the coast of Japan. Staff Sergeant Flores always wanted to be a marine, and he did not waste a moment. After his 2009 graduation from Valley Vista High School in Surprise, Arizona, in my district, he enlisted in the Marines and pursued the aviation field. His military service made his family proud, even as he lived in distant locations such as Japan, where he most recently served with Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron 152 at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni. As Americans, we are unconditionally bound together by the value of freedom. Staff Sergeant Maximo Flores enlisted in the Marines and gave his life to keep our country safe. His service symbolizes the values America stands for. It represents the freedom he fought for, and for that I am eternally grateful. We can never repay the debt our Nation owes Staff Sergeant Flores or his family, but we will always remember him and how he led his life in the service of others. His family and loved ones are in our prayers as they grieve during this trying time, and Arizona is forever grateful for Staff Sergeant Flores’ service and dedication to our country. f 
RECOGNIZING THE STORY OF THE FORCE FAMILY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the story of dear friends of mine, Robert and Donna Force, who are deeply committed to carrying on the tradition of family farming. Robert served honorably as a member of the 106th Rescue Wing, a unit of the Army National Guard. In 1986, Robert and Donna Force purchased 96 acres of land in Gilbertsville, New York. It is where they would spend the next 26 years building their farm and growing their family. All told, by 2010, the family had expanded to 111 acres of land in the beautiful Catskill region of upstate New York. The family viewed the farm as their retreat, a place of many happy memories. They cleared the land to build a barn, renovated their farmhouse, and planted new trees across the landscape. Sadly, in 2014, the Forces were forced off their land due to an accounting error in their local county. The county failed to cooperate with them, instead putting their lovely farm up for sale and auction. Mr. Force, as a veteran, also cared for his wife, Donna, who was suffering grave, lifethreatening medical problems through this and up until today. The Force family believes this is part of a larger plan to push families off their property, auctioning land to the highest bidder. Since that day, the Forces have continued to fight to save their farm, their 
property, and their family legacy. For more information, see ‘‘Save the Force Farm’’ on Facebook and social media. Thank you so much to the Forces and to Mr. Force for his honorable service to our Nation. 
HONORING FIREFIGHTERS, POLICE OFFICERS, AND FIRST RESPONDERS (Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the brave firefighters, police officers, and first responders who selflessly ran into harm’s way answering the threealarm call to the devastating fire in my district at First Baptist Church Bossier City, Louisiana, on December 10, 2018. At 5:36 a.m., the Bossier City Fire Department responded to a fire alarm at the church. The call for a second alarm went out at 5:50 a.m., and the Shreveport Fire Department was called to assist at 6:15 a.m. During their efforts, there were a total of 30 firefighting units and 65 fire and support personnel from Bossier City and Shreveport working to contain the fire and preserve the church. First Bossier has such an extraordinary history in our region, and its iconic steeple has been a landmark over Bossier for generations. My wife, Kelly, and I were actually married in First Bossier’s Faith Chapel 20 years ago. We are so grateful there was no loss of life or major injury to anyone; and for the many extraordinary firefighters and first responders from Bossier and Shreveport who battled the blazes that day, we commend them for their heroic efforts, and we thank them for their service and sacrifice. We know the First Bossier family will pull together and recover from this tragedy even stronger than before. The Bible teaches that trials produce perseverance, character, and hope, and we believe that to our core. The mission of First Bossier will continue in earnest, and its best days are truly ahead. 
PUERTO RICO INTEGRITY IN MEDICARE ADVANTAGE ACT (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, healthcare infrastructure in Puerto Rico remains dangerously unstable. Unlike the mainland, most Medicare beneficiaries with part A and part B coverage receive their care through local Medicare Advantage plans. In 2011, Puerto Rico’s per patient, per month was $595, and now it is $511. The national average was $787, and now it is $826. That is a negative impact of $315 for Puerto Rico. That means that, next year, the average Medicare Advantage rate for Puerto Rico is even 25 percent below the other territories and 43 percent below the national rates. This is the reason why physicians and medical providers are leaving the island. That is the reason we filed H.R. 6809, which will rectify this disparity with Medicare Advantage rates. That is the reason I ask my colleagues to support this bill. f 
NEW FARM BILL HELPS AMERICA’S FOOD PANTRIES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, during the holiday season, many people step up to help their neighbors in need. Americans are generous and charitable with their time and energy through both monetary donations and volunteer opportunities. Food pantries play an important role all year long in communities across America. In 2017, an estimated 15 million households in the United States were food insecure, which means they lack consistent access to a sufficient quantity of affordable, nutritious food. While this number has decreased from previous years, there is much work yet to be done. That is why, as chairman of the Nutrition Subcommittee on the Agriculture Committee, I advocated for an increase in TEFAP dollars in the 2018 farm bill. TEFAP stands for The Emergency Food Assistance Program. Along with donations, TEFAP funding is the cornerstone of our food banks. I am pleased that we were able to increase funding for this important lifeline for so many. Food banks are meeting the needs for lowincome Americans, the working poor, and those who have fallen on hard times. We must always work towards the ultimate goal of ending hunger in America. 
b2030 HONORING THE LIFE OF FREDI SIMPSON (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life, service, and spirit of my friend, Fredi Simpson. Fredi was well known and admired in central Washington. She was filled with passion and dedicated her time to improving her community and lending a helping hand to whomever was in need. She was a dear friend of mine, and I will miss her very much. Dedicated to the conservative cause, Fredi’s engagement in politics was inspiring to everyone around her. She served as a mentor to young people and encouraged them to get involved at the local, State, and national levels. As national committeewoman, she represented Washington State with infectious enthusiasm and deep integrity. She traveled across our great State and the entire country leaving a positive impression on everyone she met. So, today, I reflect on my own joyful memories with Fredi, and I find peace in knowing she is at rest and reunited with God. My prayers go out for her husband Bruce, her son Kane, and all her loved ones, and I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating her wonderful life. Fredi, we will miss you. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 88, SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT; PROVIDING FOR THE PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 24, 2018, THROUGH JANUARY 3, 2019 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–1084) on the resolution (H. Res. 1180) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes; providing for the proceedings during the period from December 24, 2018, through January 3, 2019, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Washington? There was no objection. 
FAREWELL TO CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, politics is the art of what is possible, what is achievable—not the measure of our differences. We come to this Chamber—we should—to seek common ground, to solve problems, to address challenges. That is what I have done over the course of the last 4 years: work with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to improve quality of life in our country, in our communities, and to show the American public that this institution is capable of responding to its concerns and its aspirations. In Congress, progress is measured in small units, the way our Founding Fathers intended. On climate and the environment, we broke the ice, bringing Republicans and Democrats together in the Climate Solutions Caucus, the first meaningful bipartisan dialogue and collaboration effort on this subject in a generation. We also filed landmark legislation that would make massive investments in American infrastructure while reducing carbon emissions and creating clean energy jobs. Climate change and transportation infrastructure—twin challenges threatening the future of my home, Miami Dade County. The Market Choice Act would make it more likely that our children and grandchildren can live out their years in our paradise, an area marked and blessed with countless natural treasures. On immigration, we forced the House to process and debate comprehensive reform for the first time in nearly a decade. While for many, using this subject and the many victims of a broken immigration system for political gain is the preference, ours was a solution that would secure the border, reform our asylum laws to prevent abuse, keep families together, and secure a future for 2 million American Dreamers—the young immigrants who went to school with our own children and today are contributing to our economy and to our communities. While the forces of obstruction and cowardice prevailed, this institution grew from the debate, and dividends will be reaped in the future, I have no doubt. This issue is also a special one for MiamiDade and south Florida. It is personal for us. We are a community of immigrants. We believe immigration should be legal and orderly, and we know immigrants made America great and will continue making it greater still. Guns—another issue that deeply divides our country. We proposed solutions modeled after what was achieved in Florida in the wake of the tragic massacre at Parkland’s Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. It is possible to protect gun rights for law abiding citizens while keeping deadly weapons out of the hands of those who seek to harm others or themselves. We are reforming our criminal justice system in order to truly give people a second chance. We secured funding for Everglades restoration, for water quality improvements in the Florida Keys, for important infrastructure projects in south Florida. We honored our troops by guaranteeing them the resources they need and granting them the raises they have earned. We also invested in American children, making it easier for immigrant students to learn English and protecting the accountability framework that put all students at the center of the public education system. And we delivered historic tax relief for Florida workers and families while making American businesses more competitive. In our hemisphere, I have advocated for the oppressed people of Cuba, Venezuela, and Nicaragua, and encouraged the administration to forge strong relationships with leaders committed to human rights, the rule of law, and economic growth and prosperity in countries like Brazil, Colombia, Argentina, Chile, Ecuador, Costa Rica, Panama, and others. In the Middle East, I have worked to support and bolster the critical U.S. Israel alliance while holding the terrorist mullah regime in Iran accountable for its countless transgressions. And further east, I have advocated for closer relations with important allies like Japan and Taiwan in the face of China’s growing hostility. Most importantly, every day I have put my south Florida community and the country above any partisan or personal interest. My goal has always been to serve with sincerity and decency, to call it honest no matter who might get upset. And even if political consequences would follow, to focus on ideas instead of petty politics, to speak in truth instead of talking points, to be both direct and decorous. While I have learned much from this institution, it never changed me. I have served to the fullest every day, and I now begin a new chapter in my life overflowing with gratitude for this wonderful opportunity to serve, for the many colleagues I have come to know, for my team, for my family, my God, and for the community that trusted this child of political refugees with the privilege of representing it here in the Congress of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEYDAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida for yielding. I know he is probably worried about what I might say in this final speech here on the floor tonight, but I have got to tell you about a friend that I met just shortly after going to a meeting across the street where I had the honor of becoming a mentor to a candidate who wanted to run for Congress. His name was CARLOS CURBELO , and I knew we were going to get along well when I called him the first time on the phone and he said: ‘‘Why are you my mentor?’’ I said: ‘‘Because you have Key West in the district you are winning in. I would like to come visit you.’’ He took my first joke well, and we hit it off and became very close friends. And imagine my glee when, on election night, in 2014, my mentee became a newly elected Member of Congress. And to see him walk into this institution, to see him immediately become, not just a friend to me and to many others, but a legislator and one of the best legislators I have ever had the opportunity to serve with. It is bittersweet for me to stand here tonight and wish him the best in his next endeavors. I know he will have plenty of opportunities to spend a great deal of time with his wife Ceci and their two lovely young daughters in one of the most beautiful places in the world, in MiamiDade. But I have got a feeling this isn’t going to be the last for my friend, Mr. CURBELO . And this speech may be the last one he delivers as a Member of this institution, but whether it is he comes back here or whatever his next step is, he knows that it is not only me who is going to be standing there right behind him, but so many of his colleagues and friends that he has met along the way and has meant so much to. I thank him for being a great friend. I thank him for being a member of the wolf pack, and I will always know him as my good friend, CHUCK CURBELO . Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois, who indeed is a wonderful friend. Sometimes his jokes aren’t as good, but his advice has been very good here since I started running for the House for the first time in 2013. The people of southern Illinois are blessed to be represented by Mr. DAVIS. He is a wonderful family man. He is a great friend, and even though I am moving on, I am very happy to know that people like RODNEY DAVIS will remain a part of this institution working for his community and for our wonderful country. Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), another wonderful friend. We have shared many great experiences together. We have worked hard on the issues that are important to our communities, to our districts. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank CARLOS for his service to this country, to his constituents. He has been an exemplar of what it means to be a gentleman, somebody who comes in to work here every day in the Halls of Congress, serving the people, doing his best, giving it 110 percent. What I would like to do, if I could, is just thank those residents in my congressional district residing in Chester 
County, Pennsylvania; Montgomery County, Pennsylvania; Berks County, Pennsylvania; and Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, for the opportunity to serve you here in Congress for 2 terms. This was always, admittedly, a dream of mine, and it is something that I took great pride in doing. It has been a very humbling experience. In some respects, it has been a very rewarding experience. In other respects, it has been challenging and frustrating at times. But when you are someone who puts your name on a sign and gets elected to this institution, you carry with yourself a certain humbleness and a certain sense of purpose that every single one of the 434 Members that I have served with—probably more since there has been resignations and reelections—but everyone who I have served with in this institution takes their job very, very seriously, and I just hope the American people realize that even as we have differences here, we have a lot more that binds us together as Americans, and everyone is here trying to do their very best. b2045 I would also like to, real briefly, just thank my parents, Sherry and Tony, for their support through the years; my wife, Christine; my children, Ryan and Caroline; and the many great members of my staff who have just done an absolutely wonderful job. I think one thing that every single Member of Congress can universally agree to is that the staff is underappreciated, undercompensated; but without them, this institution would not run, and we would not be able to be as effective as we are day in and day out. I would particularly like to recognize Lauryn Schothorst and Dante Cutrona, my chiefs of staff through the years; Kori Walter, my district director; Jason Carver, my constituent services director; and if I start naming all the other staff persons, I would probably forget one. But I just want each and every one of them to know how personally grateful I am for their service to Pennsylvania’s Sixth Congressional District, this country, and myself. And for all those whom I have served with, from the bottom of my heart, thank you for being a friend and being an advocate for this country and for your constituents all across this country. This is a very special institution. It has been a real privilege to serve in it. God bless each and every one of you, and God bless America. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. COSTELLO , for his kind words, and I also want to commend him for his great service to our country. The people of Philadelphia’s suburbs have been blessed to have been represented over the last 4 years by a thoughtful, honest, decent man, someone whom I worked with very closely on issues like the environment, like immigration, the difficult issues, the controversial issues, the issues where legislators are required to take risks if they are going to have a positive impact. My final message is just extreme gratitude to this wonderful institution, to my community for this privilege, this opportunity. To my parents, Teresita and CARLOS CURBELO , when they arrived in this country with nothing except the desire to be free and to work and contribute, I don’t think they could have ever imagined that their son would be able to serve in this fine institution. Only in this wonderful country can we tell stories like that. Only in this wonderful country do these miracles happen. I also want to thank my wife and my two daughters—Cecilia, my wife, and Sylvie and Carolina, my daughters—because public service is difficult, especially on young families, and my wife and my daughters have sacrificed a lot. Of course, we have done it with the support of our family, my inlaws, my parents, my friends, and everyone. Again, to all my colleagues, I wish you the best. I will be rooting for you. Please continue trying to help strengthen this country, continue trying to do the right thing every day and serve with a servant’s heart. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HOUSE FREEDOM CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) for 30 minutes. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues to stay in the fight to make sure that we help this President deliver on a promise that he made years ago. I am sad that tonight we are here, and we are on a backdrop of a potential government shutdown; but, really, what it is is more a function of the fact that we have not done our job like we should have done already. The President, many, many months ago, said that he would not sign another funding bill unless we gave him wall funding. So what did this House do? It passed a bill to fund the Department of Defense and passed a short term CR. And they said: Do you know what? We are going to have that fight, but we are going to have that fight after the midterms. Well, Mr. Speaker, it is after the midterms, and we are here with a number of my colleagues tonight to say that we are ready to fight on behalf of all the freedomloving Americans to make sure that we have secure borders and that never again do we have to worry about terrorists and drug traffickers coming across our southern borders. So I have a number of my colleagues tonight, Mr. Speaker, who want to speak on this to encourage the American people to stand with us in this fight. I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that my colleagues are here standing up for the crisis, to solve the crisis on the border. Securing the United States and the American people, this border, is a fundamental, constitutional responsibility of the Federal Government. We have Members of the House and Senate who are still unwilling to ensure we have control over our borders, unwilling to ensure we know who enters the United States, and unwilling to enforce our immigration laws. Some of the opposition has forgotten their previous support for border walls back then, before they didn’t fundamentally disagree with border security or the border wall. But now they simply don’t want President Trump or elected Republicans to get a win. What they want is open borders. In 2006, some of the Democrats still in the Senate today, including Minority Leader CHUCK SCHUMER , voted in favor of the Secure Fence Act to build a southern border wall. For now, Republicans still control Congress. Rumor is that our leaders are negotiating a deal to avert a shutdown and fund the government through February 8. Once again, we are kicking the fight for border security down the road. When are we going to stand up and fight, if not now? Our coalition of Members here have drafted an amendment that would allow us to deliver on our promise to make the necessary policy changes to end catch and release, increase the number of immigration judges, and provide $5 billion in border wall funding. In all of the debate about borders and illegal immigration, many of the headlines focus on those who have come here illegally, but I urge you to remember people on the American side of the border. Remember the ranchers and residents living along the border who are impacted by smuggling and trafficking that goes on because of our lack of will in this body. Remember our Border Patrol agents who risk their lives every day trying to keep us secure. I urge my colleagues in the House and our leadership to think about what is best for America. Is it the status quo, or is it standing up to fight for the security and sovereignty of our Nation? Clearly, we must stand up and fight now. I urge my fellow Members to support funding for the border wall before January 3 comes; and if we have to, I am willing to stay here to make sure that happens. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to another gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from North Carolina for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, a study came out earlier this year that said the opioid epidemic today is deadlier than the Vietnam war in 1968. That study found that opioids had cost our country more than 1.7 million years of life. Those are moments of joy, family, and community that are lost irrevocably. And as we move into the Christmas season, it is worth thinking about the millions of American families dealing with addiction and overdose tragedies. We have done a great deal in Congress to try to fight the epidemic, from beefing up grants, to tougher law enforcement, to fixing the pain medication guidelines, to cracking down on bad actors in the pharmaceutical industry. But we have not addressed the immigration issue, which is central to the crisis. The book, ‘‘Dreamland,’’ written by veteran L.A. Times Reporter Sam Quinones, provides one of the most definitive accounts of how we got to this grim place we are today. It details how Mexican nationals south of Arizona pioneered a new model of drug distribution, decentralized and customer centric, that successfully flooded our towns and cities with black tar heroin just as the availability of prescription opioids was ebbing. Our porous border was the lynchpin of that model in two ways: One, it allowed traffickers to be caught by police, to be deported, and to reenter the country, ensuring an unbroken stream of illegal labor for trafficking organizations; Two, it allowed drug dealers to display their illgotten gains at home in Mexico, gaining status in their towns by poisoning our people. That is above and beyond the simple fact that an insecure border allows massive amounts of drugs to be smuggled into our country. Make no mistake, we are under chemical attack. Fentanyl is so potent that even a small amount, the equivalent of a few grains of salt, can be lethal. Earlier this year, police seized enough fentanyl to kill 26 million Americans. Securing the border is a matter of life and death. We have got to build the wall. This amendment that we are talking about here would provide the $5 billion that the President has asked for and ensures that he has the legal authority he needs to get it done. Let’s back the President and the American people here in the House today and put the wall money in the funding bill. It is not going to happen under NANCY PELOSI , that much is certain. Now is the time. This is the bill, and this is the body, and we are at the right place. The American people can’t afford any more delay. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, we are here to talk about the promise that we made to the American people. As the proud son of immigrants, my greatgrandmother escaped the child bride situation in Colombia and came here with the shirt on her back and her little girl and just enough skills to make it through in America, and she did it legally. We are a compassionate country who supports legal immigration, but we are here to talk about illegal immigration and the one chance we have left to solve that. Border security is a bipartisan issue, and it is not just about a wall or a fence. It is about stopping things like illegal immigration and human trafficking, because seeing little girls sold into sex slavery into this country is not a compassionate thing for the American taxpayer to be a part of. It is about declining economic conditions for America’s working poor, knowing that the average high school dropout in America makes about $25,000 a year and, over the last 20 years, that has increased the amount of people, through illegal immigration, who don’t have a high school diploma by about 25 percent. Who is standing up for the working poor that were born in this country? And then there is the abuse of the American taxpayer. Pennsylvanians, where I represent a portion of the population, paid an additional $1.3 billion in taxes this year for things like education, incarceration, healthcare, and a whole raft of social services. Senior citizens struggling to pay their property taxes in Pennsylvania risk losing their homes paying for those kind of things, and it is completely avoidable. There is the rise of the opioid crisis, where fentanyl, across the border, the southern border, has increased 750 percent since the beginning of the year. I talked to my DAs today. In the two major counties I represent, that is one death a day due to opioid and fentanyl overdose. Then there is the potential for terrorism through our southern border, where our Border Patrol says that they seize 10 terrorists a day. Mr. Speaker, regardless of all those reasons that I have just outlined, there is still just one more that is the most important, and that is that we made a promise to the American people to secure the border. This is our last chance. NANCY PELOSI will not do this, and the American people are counting on us to do what we said we would do. And that is why I am advocating for the funding package for the border in the CR, or I have to say ‘‘no.’’ Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JORDAN). Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, everyone knows the old line: Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. But we are going to have to change that line. We are going to need a new one. The new line should be: Fool the American people four times, shame on Congress. Remember what we did in March? The March big omnibus spending bill? We said: Oh, no. We are not going to put the border wall funding on this bill because we are going to do it in September. Then we get to September and say: Do you know what? Wait a minute. We are not going to put it on this bill because we are going to do it on December 7. And then December 7 has come: Wait a minute. We are not going to keep our promise. We are not going to put the border wall funding money on that bill. We are going to do it December 21. And what did we learn today? Now they are talking about kicking it to February 8. You have got to be kidding me. Really? I mean, February 8, when NANCY  PELOSI is Speaker, I am supposed to believe—we are supposed to believe that we are then going to build the border security wall and keep our promise from the 2016 campaign? No way. Four different times we promised something and then kicked the can down the road. I will tell you this: You know when else we should have done it? March, September, December 7. And now do you know when we really should have done it? Last week. Last week when the President of the United States stood in the Oval Office and told Congresswoman PELOSI : NANCY , this is fine. This is fine. We don’t need to go behind closed doors. Transparency is a good thing. Let’s do what we said. Let’s build the border security wall that we should have passed last week. Instead of taking a 6day weekend, we should have passed it last week. So I am sick of the games. The House Freedom Caucus is sick of the games. More importantly—most importantly— the American people are sick of the games. b2100 So just like Congressman PERRY said, let’s do what we said. We make this job way, way too difficult. It is pretty simple. What did you tell the voters you were going to do? What did they elect you to do? Go do that. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the Freedom Caucus is going to do that. We have an amendment. We have an amendment that says $5 billion for the wall, reform our asylum laws, fix the problem—a commonsense, basic amendment that everyone in this country knows needs to be done. And now is the time to do it. We didn’t do it the four times before, but now is the time to do it. So let’s get it done this week. Let’s do what we said. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman’s leadership of our group. I appreciate his Special Order tonight. We know what we have to do. Let’s just do it. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t agree with the gentleman more. It is time that we deliver on behalf of the American people and fulfill the promises that the President made many months ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I recognize the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), someone who has been key in that, who knows this problem better than most, because he represents a district in New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. Speaker, I do represent the Second District of New Mexico. That is the part of New Mexico that lies on the border with Mexico. Make no mistake about it: This issue is one that is important to the entire Nation. We are talking about a single subject, and that is securing the border. That is all the discussion is about. The rest of the spending in the bill, maybe it is right, maybe it is wrong, but that is not part of the discussion. The discussion is: Are we going to secure the border or not? The gentleman from Ohio had it exactly right, that the President sat there and said we are going to take this in front of the American people. He said: I will take responsibility for it, and we are going to have that discussion. But then the Speaker of this House has said we are not going to have the discussion. We came here as Members of Congress to make important decisions, sometimes very weighty decisions, sometimes very hard decisions. Frankly, this decision is not that hard: Secure the border. That is it. That is all we are asking for from this institution and from our friends in the Senate, but somehow we are finding that that is too hard an ask. The American people don’t think it is too hard an ask. It is not that it is a racial question. The Second District of New Mexico is 52 percent Hispanic, 60 percent overall minority. They agree. No matter how they feel on immigration, no matter how they feel on amnesty, they agree that the border must be secure. They agree that we must know who is coming here and why they are coming here. As we watched the people gathered in Tijuana, there are concerns about exactly who makes up this group. A secure border allows us to answer those questions. An open border does not allow us to answer those questions. So I am here tonight to stand with my friends in the Freedom Caucus to say to the Speaker, to say to the leaders, that we simply need to take up this question. We have the amendment. It is very straightforward, very simple. Mr. Speaker, I support the amendment. I support the question: Will we secure the border? The answer should be yes. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I recognize the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from North Carolina for recognizing me tonight. Mr. Speaker, we all know that immigration continues to be one of the most pressing issues that we are facing in our country today. The question of illegal immigration is not going away. In fact, it is growing. It is getting worse. It is getting more complex with each passing day, and Congress has repeatedly failed to take any action whatsoever. We have the opportunity now in this spending bill to finally deliver results for the American people—again, something that we have not done over and over and over again. The Department of Homeland Security has reported that, roughly, on average, 2,000 illegal aliens are crossing our southern border every day. Now we learn from Border Patrol that, in recent months, there has been an increase of 90 percent attempted illegal individuals crossing our borders compared to this time last year. The border crisis is for real, and it is time for us to act. The President has requested $5 billion. That is really not a whole lot of money compared to the $1.3 trillion that we spend in discretionary spending every year. Look, the wall is not the whole answer, but it is the first step, because walls work. Wherever there have been walls put in place, there have been great results that have been produced: for example, a 92 percent drop in illegal traffic in San Diego since a wall was there; 95 percent decrease in El Paso; 90 percent decrease in Tucson. Walls work. Now, look, there are other things we need to do, some practical steps, from closing the asylum loopholes, stopping chain migration, making EVerify mandatory. There are other things, but I hear, right now, the voices of millions of Americans from my district and across the country, as we have all heard the chant: Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the wall. We are standing here tonight as a voice for millions of Americans who feel like they have lost their voice in Washington, and we are saying it is time right now. Build the wall. Let’s do it. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I recognize the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN). Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this Special Order. You know, I walked in this Chamber tonight, and I thought: This brings a new meaning to ‘‘major in the minor.’’ We have something that is as important as the sovereignty of this country in securing our borders, and here we are, at the last hour, saying we are going to get out of here before Friday on something this important. You know, I was in line, getting some work done, and the President came on. He challenged Speaker PELOSI , and he challenged the Senator. He said: Bring the fight on. We are going to stay here. We are going to fund the wall. We are going to get the $5 billion. Now we hear talk that maybe we won’t. We are going to pass a continuing resolution for 2 months. I am sick of it. Nobody can fund your business month by month by month. Here we are, abdicating our constitutional obligations to make this country sovereign. As has been pointed out by Mr. MEADOWS and Mr. J ORDAN , the drugs, all the things that come into this country—I am for immigration, but it is legal immigration. We need to sit up here as long as it takes. If it is the next 6 months, sit up here until we get it. If we think we are going to get it when the gavel passes on January 3, it is not going to happen. I support what we are doing. Now is the time for us to have a backbone, finally, and support this country and make sovereign borders a law. Fund it. You know, $5 billion? How did the previous administration get $153 billion to give to a rogue country? We can’t come up with $5 billion? It is sad, to say the least. I support what we are doing. Hopefully, we can get this thing done. Sitting up here, it is time to fight. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 13 minutes remaining. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I recognize the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ), my good friend. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for recognizing me tonight. I appreciate it. Recognizing that the time is drawing short, and we have lots of other people who want to speak on this issue, I will attempt to keep myself in check on the time. Mr. Speaker, everybody knows we have to secure our border. When we talk about building the wall, we are not talking just about bricks and mortar. We are talking about securing our borders with all devices available to us, whether that be drones or smart fences like they have in Israel where they protect 17 miles of border with a fence that, if something hits it, they send people out to see what is going on. We have to use all the tools in the toolbox. And the $5 billion is just the start on what we need to do to protect all of our borders, but it is an important start. We have heard about the drug crisis, and all of our districts are affected by it. A lot of times, people say in the mountains of southwest Virginia: Morgan, why are you so concerned about this illegal immigration? Let me tell you why. The Mexican drug cartels are bringing methamphetamine into my district. They use it as a distribution area. They are the main supplier of that drug. Now that we have gotten opioids a little bit under control, and we are starting to get that where it should be, the Mexican cartels are our biggest problem in the mountains of southwest Virginia. 
It is important that we secure our borders, build the wall, protect the American people, protect our borders, and protect our laws. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I recognize the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUDD), my good friend. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing me tonight. Mr. Speaker, we know our immigration system is broken and desperately in need of reform. No sovereign country in the world is scrutinized the way America is just for simply wanting to secure our borders. For decades, the United States has taken in millions of immigrants. In fact, that number is about a million per year, and that is something we are going to continue to do. Immigrants, historically, have been a major asset to the growth and prosperity of our country. However, the issue before America is not legal immigration but illegal immigration. It is interesting to me that, throughout the years, Democrats have supported securing our borders. In 2006, the Secure Fence Act was signed into law by President Bush authorizing 700 miles of border fence and $50 billion in total maintenance. That is a far stretch from the small $5 billion, in comparison, that President Trump is asking for today. We should remember that the Secure Fence Act passed through Congress with bold and broad Democrat support. So in 2013, we should also remember that Senator SCHUMER himself sponsored a bill that invested $46 billion in border security improvements that added 700 miles of border fencing. That is $41 billion more than what President Trump is currently asking for. So what changed, Mr. Speaker, between now and then? Simply, politics. Politics is the only thing that has changed. But, to me, securing our country’s borders and making sure people feel safe should be above politics. Our ICE agents and Border Patrol need the necessary resources to do their jobs effectively and with confidence. It is hard to plug a leak when you are working with the wrong tools. The solution is simply to shut off the water at the source. In closing, I would pose these questions to my friends across the aisle: If now is not the time to secure our border, then when is? If not today, then when? And where do we go from here? If we can’t come together to solve a problem that both Republicans and Democrats know exists, I worry that our tribal political environment will hold the security of American citizens hostage for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Democrat colleagues to turn back the clock and remember a time when putting the country first was more important than putting the party first. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his friendship and for his time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I recognize the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). Mr. PALMER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to call upon this body to fulfill its duty to protect the American people. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to claim that strengthening border security is about separating families or preventing them from immigrating to the U.S. In reality, it is about protecting the American people by stopping the flow of dangerous individuals across the southern border. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Nielsen has confirmed that ISIS has produced written materials that encourage ISIS followers to cross our Southwest border, given the loopholes that they are also aware of, and that, on average, her department now blocks 10 known or suspected terrorists a day from traveling to or attempting to enter the United States. The four individuals shown here, one of whom had been previously identified and flagged for insurgency/terrorism, were stopped in Panama while trying to make their way to the U.S. Thanks to a fortunate tip and coordination between U.S. and Panamanian law enforcement, these individuals were stopped. This should be alarming to every American, especially concerning the dangerous individuals we may have missed and will continue to miss due to our lack of robust border security. I am proud of the job our Border Patrol and law enforcement officers are doing to protect their country, and I urge my colleagues to do our duty to protect the American people from dangerous individuals by taking border security seriously and fully funding the President’s proposal for border security. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I recognize the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CLOUD ). Mr. CLOUD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for recognizing me tonight. Mr. Speaker, tonight I speak to the humanitarian and criminal crisis at our southern border. This crisis has been permitted to exist because of Congress’ failure to act. For over 30 years, the American people have been promised results, but they have received empty promises. We know from history that our southern border wall works. This is not a new concept. Where we have implemented a wall, we have seen great success in curbing illicit activity. Our Nation is a generous nation, one of the most diverse in the world, and our generosity is being taken advantage of by illegal cartels across our southern border. These cartels have created a humanitarian and criminal crisis that abuses the rule of law and costs innocent lives. Cartels recruit and send migrants across our border, making thousands of dollars a person, in a strategy to tax our human resources and distract from our enforcement against drug trafficking. As the Representative of the 27th District of Texas, the southern part of my district is just 2 hours from the border. b2115 I know the good men and women who serve on our southern border, and they always prioritize life. Cartels know this and take advantage of it. Failure to complete a southern border wall and loopholes in our asylum laws have created a magnet for illegal immigration. According to DHS, around 80 percent of asylum cases that go to a hearing are rejected by the judge as illegitimate. DHS spokesman Tyler Houlton pointed out earlier this year that smugglers and traffickers understand our broken immigration laws better than most. The catchandrelease process, whereby migrants come into the country and are issued a date to appear in court, often years away, are released into the interior, and it is driving this humanitarian crisis. ICE reports that the number of migrants, including many women and children seeking entry, has increased dramatically in recent years. They often find themselves at risk for assault and abuse, such as rape, beatings, kidnapping, and robbery. Tonight, Mr. Speaker, we are here advocating for an end to the humanitarian and criminal crisis on our southern border caused by Congress’ failure to act. This means ending the status quo, funding border security, and closing the loopholes in our broken asylum system. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from North Carolina has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘securing our border’’ is a term that we have heard so often it has lost its punch inside the beltway. But that doesn’t mean the American people have forgotten about it. We made a promise to our folks to secure our borders, and we have to keep that promise. Without question, funding to build a wall is necessary, and now is our chance to do it. Many sections of our border cannot be secured without a wall, and Congress must act to ensure that it is built. But bad policies like catch and release must be addressed by Congress as well. Take the recent quotes and actions from many of the migrants who have been in these caravans, abusing our catchandrelease policy to seek asylee status in order to work in our country. These migrants were demanding entrance and jobs, waving foreign flags 
while burning ours, cursing our government and our President, and vowing that our laws mean nothing to them. Are these people who share our allegiances? Should we not demand a lawful immigration system so that we can determine who we let in? Is not a secure border a prerequisite for that? We must increase penalties for illegally crossing our border. Earlier this year, I cosponsored the Zero Tolerance for Illegal Entry Act, which would make doing so a felony. This would encourage legitimate asylum seekers to do so at authorized points of entry. This should be a component of reform. Just this week, in a story we have seen over and over, agents arrested illegal border crossers with over 100 pounds of meth. Without our border agents, these dangerous drugs would be in our schools and in our communities. We made a promise to our constituents to build this wall. We must prioritize the interests of the American people. I am willing to fight for this, and I hope that my colleagues are as well. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, as I close out this particular Special Order, I think it is appropriate for us to remind the American people that there is a bad case of Potomac fever up here in Washington, D.C. They forget what they promised the American people, yet what they must do is not forget this time. Mr. Speaker, we are going to back up the President. If he vetoes this bill, we will be there. But, more importantly, the American people will be there. They will be there to support him. Let’s build the wall and make sure that we do our job in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
SOMEONE PLEASE WAKE ME UP The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, someone please wake me up. I think I am having a nightmare. What if I told you that, in the Middle East now, there is a place where Christians, Muslims, Arabs, Kurds, Assyrians, Yazidis—women and men—all sit together at the same table, as the result of the beginnings of a democratic process where tolerance and pluralism is a core value, and where we have seen safety, security, and prosperity emerge from the ashes one of the most horrific conflicts of the modern age. What if I told you that. What if I told you that a foreign state actor spent $10 million a month, to our reckoning, to influence thought in Washington, D.C., alone, to tell lies about this fledgling, tolerant democracy in the Middle East. What if I told you that the very Iranian regime that took the lives of American women and men on the battlefield in Iraq was celebrating right now along with Vladimir Putin and Bashar alAssad and Turkey’s neo Ottoman fascist Erdogan. I can tell you all those things because they are true. 
Someone please wake me up. I think I am having a nightmare. I just spent my Thanksgiving and 2 weeks of my life—a lot of money and a lot of time—away from my family to meet with brave people spanning multiple ethnicities who, like the First Continental Congress, have the recognition of exactly no foreign governments as a legitimate emerging government; who are different from you and me only by virtue of the happenstance of fate that they would be born somewhere as opposed to another place; who have quite literally shed the lifeblood of their children on battlefields that most Americans have never heard of, from Deir ezZor, Manbij, Jarablus; people who fought, bled, and died in homes that their families had inhabited in the Kabul River valley, the Jazeera province; and who were the tip of President Trump’s spear in rooting out the combat components of a radical, warped, hateful ideology embodied by Daesh or ISIS. And today, without warning, we said good luck. The Syrian Democratic Council is not a Kurdish experiment in north and eastern Syria. It is an experiment that was largely started by Kurds, yes, but it is an experiment that includes men and women from across the ethnic and religious diversity of the region. What we read about in any publication that comes out of Turkey, which has about the worst press freedom on the planet, is how the PKK has been engaged in terrorist activity in Turkey, and anyone affiliated with the PKK by virtue of the accident of their birth as a Kurd is somehow a terrorist. Folks, this is not true. I met with everyone, from chief executives down to city councils. When you go to Deir ezZor, where the bulk of the population is Arab, the city council is Arab. And when you go to Manbij, the leadership is Arab. And when you go to Jazeera, the leadership is Kurdish and Christian, and it is male and female. This Chamber that we stand in, in this venerated body, exists not only because of the blood and sweat and tears of innumerable Americans not only in the Revolution but throughout our history, but also because foreigners were willing to stand up in support of an idea that was freedom and selfdetermination: Lafayette, Pulaski, Kosciuszko, von Steuben—German, Polish, French. Yet again, we betray those who have shed their blood to advance American policy. Look, don’t make the commitment to begin with. It is one thing to learn that the United States has equivocated on its policy and people died. It is another thing to learn that the United States is equivocating on its policy and people with whom you have broken bread are about to die. I told them when I was there: I am here on my own time. I do not formulate American policy. I happen to be a Member of Congress, but, by God, I will stand up and be heard so that you might have the right that was bequeathed to you, not by a political administration anywhere, but by God, to live free of fear, to sleep soundly in your ancestral home, to worship or not worship as you choose. Ain Issa is the name of the town where, by happenstance, the Syrian Democratic Council has put some functions of its government. Ain Issa translates to English as the ‘‘Eyes of Christ.’’ You can’t make this up. In my entire life, I have been proud of the 1 in 26 luck that I had to slip from the womb the son of Lois and TOM GARRETT in the Commonwealth of Virginia, born in Georgia, in the greatest country on the face of the planet. But how many times must we muck up the endgame: the bloodletting in Cambodia and Laos, the purges in Iraq after 1991, the betrayal of the Kurds in 1985, the ignoring of vindictive revenge killings in 2004, the encouragement and then withdrawal in 2017. Ironically, Mr. Speaker, the Russians are far more loyal friends than the Americans are. It is beyond me. Somebody wake me up. I am having a nightmare. To say that ISIS is defeated and that was our sole mission is, at the very least, to exhibit a complete lack of understanding of what is going on, on the ground. I stood on the front lines near Jarablus by a building that was shot up that day by the Free Syrian Army, who we funded, at a military post manned by people of various ethnicities. And the Free Syrian Army did this while the Turkish military watched. Iranians seek to build a land bridge to the Mediterranean. Hezbollah is a wholly owned subsidiary of Iran—it functions in Israel—and is the only terrorist organization I know of that has taken human life on every single inhabited continent—Oceania, Australia, Asia, Europe, Africa, South America, North America. And we are just opening up the door. Eightyseven people were killed in Deir ezZor province within 24 hours on either side of the time I visited. This wasn’t a long time ago. This was Thanksgiving. This fight is long from over. Frankly, if I am an ISIS recruiter, the idea that, ‘‘Look, the Americans are leaving,’’ will only strengthen their position. So let me make this metaphor, Mr. Speaker. We have a patient. That patient is Syria. It is stricken with four cancers. There is the regime in Russia; there is Turkey; there is Iran; and there is ISIS. We have just eradicated the bulk of one cancer, dropped the scalpel, left the surgery room, and declared that the patient is healed. 
Candidly, the people in north and eastern Syria would be far better off if we had never come to help, because the brave women and men who have stood up to lead a democratic movement have identified themselves for extermination. I sat down in Manbij with the military council, with an individual, it is my understanding, who was attacked with an IED the next day, and we have declared victory. This was 2 weeks, 3 weeks ago. So let me be clear, and let me counter some propaganda. When the only people celebrating this decision are Turkey, Iran, and Russia, it might be a bad decision. When you hear that the Syrian Democratic Council and the forces in north and eastern Syria are Kurds, that defies the reality on the ground, the reality that I saw, and the people with whom I spoke. The definition of insanity, Mr. Speaker, is doing the same thing again and again and expecting a different result. Let me tell you what I know, so that a month from now, I can say, ‘‘See, I told you so,’’ and maybe I will have that because 4plusorminus million people in north and eastern Syria won’t even have so much as their homes. b2130 Turkey is going into Manbij. They have been telling us that for a month. They said: We have got to get the Kurds out of Manbij. Guess what? The Kurds aren’t controlling Manbij. The Syrian Democratic Forces, which includes some Kurds, are in Manbij, but they are out. This is like postWorld War II Japan or Germany saying: You need to get the AfricanAmerican soldiers out of Berlin. It is racist on its face, ridiculous, and denies the reality on the ground, and apparently, nobody in the decisionmaking scheme has bothered to figure out what the actual truth is. So the Turks are going into Manbij. Now, what will that look like? Well, we know what happened in Afrin and al Bab. They fly the Turkish flag over the courthouses. They have changed the street signs to honor Ottoman sultans. I can show you a video, Mr. Speaker, of a paramilitary police force raising their right hands in a Hitleresque salute shouting: ‘‘Long live Erdogan,’’ in Turkish. This is on Syrian soil. The children are educated in a different language. And the hospital in Afrin, which used to have a sign outside in Kurdish and Arabic, now has a sign outside in Turkish. In Jarabulus, the commanders with whom we spoke said when Turkey came in and said they rooted out ISIS, we looked through the field glasses the next day and lo and behold, the same people that were there the day before in ISIS uniforms were there in uniforms sanctioned by Turkey. Oh, by the way, I just learned that we are going to sell $3.5 billion worth of Patriot missile batteries to Turkey to go along with the F–35 fighters that I guess they can use to bomb the sovereign nation of Iraq like they did last week in U.S. F–16s, perhaps this time more effectively. This is insanity. And I am not antithis administration. I am not antithis President. I am antifoolish policy that will cost human lives that will be perpetuated and exacerbated by foolish foreign policy which preceded it. I am not suggesting we attack anybody. I am suggesting we don’t turn and walk away. People who depended upon us and took us at our word are going to die, and we are worried about what we get for Christmas. I mean, I don’t have words. So, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what more I can do. But I will not stop. With great power comes great responsibility. Contrary to what some people might say, we live in a great Nation. Our policy sucks. And to walk away from commitments that we made because it is politically convenient is beyond shameful. This matters. Iran is giddy. Erdogan is giddy. The Russians have punked us, to use the jargon of the day. And the band played on. I don’t know. Somebody wake me up. I am having a nightmare. I mean, I represent the citizens of the Fifth District of Virginia, and I love them. I love my district. But I value human life, and I believe that if we make commitments, we should keep them. And if human life is lost because we can’t keep our word, we need to take a long, hard look at exactly who we are. Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I just want to applaud my friend’s efforts on behalf of people who have counted on us. The 2 weeks he spent over there have been invaluable to the people who were counting on us. Some of that time was spent with a dear friend named Dave Eubanks. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will just take a minute of your time to follow up on what Congressman GARRETT  just said. It seems to me, in my lifetime—I am not an expert on foreign affairs—there are good things the United States has done, and bad things. But the worst things are, when people who are counting on us, people who we set up and relied on us, we decide to leave them to whatever will happen. I think, in particular, a much bigger thing is when we stopped funding people in Vietnam. Obviously, during the Obama administration leaving Iraq, we left all sorts of people who were our friends, and created a huge vacuum. I am just very afraid today, and I would encourage President Trump to reconsider the decision to withdraw what troops we do have in the Syrian area because we have a lot of allies who felt they could count on the United States, whom I am afraid now will be left to whatever other forces in the region— who are not friendly to Western values—left to whatever they want to do with them. And I hope that is being taken into account right now. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. GARRETT for the opportunity to address the House. Mr. Speaker, it is the responsibility of the United States House of Representatives, this body, and also the United States Senate, to protect our families. There is nothing more important as dictated by the United States Constitution, than to protect our families. Mr. Speaker, we have one heck of a problem on our southwest border with Mexico: in California, New Mexico, and Arizona. We have a very dangerous and very unhealthy situation just on the other side of the fence, in particular now, with Mexico. I am asking the President tonight, if he is watching, to please, publicly ask the House Republicans, while we are still in the majority, please ask us to pass a real strong border security and immigration bill. We did this several months ago. GoodlatteMcCaul One, as they called it, got 193 votes. It has everything that the President wanted, his four pillars and a heck of a lot more. Why in the world do we want to negotiate for peanuts when we can have the whole ball of wax? GoodlatteMcCaul One, has $25 billion, Mr. Trump, $25 billion for border security, including the wall where necessary; $25 billion—not $5 billion—$25 billion over 5 years. It ends the visa lottery. It reins in chain migration, and it reforms the asylum process. It is more than the President wants. This will happen, Mr. Speaker, only if the President of the United States publicly asks House Republicans to pass this bill or something really close to it. The votes are there. Over the past 2 weeks, I have talked to every single member of the Republican Conference, 235 Members of the House. I have spoken to every single one, except for about five or six. We have the votes to do this. It is not too late, but it is getting late. After the Democrats take control of this body, they have told us what they will bring or try to bring to the President’s desk. It will not be what the President wants. It will not be what America wants. It will be some form of open border, sanctuary cities, and amnesty. There is no better deal. There is no longer an opportunity to hold out for a better deal. We have the votes to pass GoodlatteMcCaul One or something real close to it. But I ask the President, he must publicly ask the House to do it. That will give enough of our Members the support they need to vote for it, and it will cause leadership to act. Again, why would we want to negotiate for peanuts when we can get the 
whole ball of wax? I appreciate and I thank Mr. GARRETT very much for yielding to me. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, TOMGARRETT , for arranging this Special Order. He is on his way out, and he cares so deeply about this country and this country’s allies that he would put his life at risk and go and spend time with another American hero. In fact, Dave Eubanks is a hero, and he is someone who has dedicated his life as a Christian, as an American, trying to make the lives of others in the world better, and I thank my friend, Congressman GARRETT , for spending that time with him. We shouldn’t turn our back on our friends. Sometimes it seems that Mr. Erdogan is not our friend, but we certainly have had a tremendous amount of friendship and lives lost in the Kurdish community, standing up for us, with us, in defense of freedom. That is important. And I also want to address the issue of the wall on our southern border. It appears clear, since we lost over 70,000 American lives last year—that is more than all of the precious American lives we lost in the whole time of the Vietnam war—and we lost those in 1 year from drugs. Most of those drugs coming across our southern border in the form of opiates and other hallucinogens, including fentanyl, are coming from Mexico. So if you want to see another 70,000 Americans die again next year, you don’t want a wall. Let’s not build a wall. If you would like to have illegal aliens continue to pour into this country in the hopes that they will be able to vote illegally, you don’t want a wall, even though you supported one in the past. You don’t want one now because you may get those votes if you can stop a wall from being built. If you want Mexico to remain as a country with so much incredible potential whose people are suffering and keep the people of Central America suffering at the hands of the drug cartels, you don’t want a wall. Because if we build a wall where we need it, we build a fence where we need it, we totally secure the border, what happens? The money, by the tens of billions, pouring into the drug cartels south of the border dries up. That means the corruption in Mexico and south of there dries up. That means Mexico, with its incredible national resources—the natural resources of that Nation are incredible. Its location, actually, for commerce is even better than the United States. b2145 It sits between two continents. It sits between two oceans. Its potential is unlimited. But what limits it is the corruption from the drug cartels that America is continuing to fund. So do you want that to continue? Yeah, you don’t want a wall. Our elected leaders in the House and the Senate—the Republican elected leaders in the House and Senate—were not in favor of a wall or total border security in the last election in 2016. It was unfortunate. The President knew and heard the voice of the American people, and he echoed it. But that is why back in September of this year at our conference— and I know it wasn’t popular and people didn’t like me saying it—but I had to make clear, it was clear to me, if we don’t get money for a wall, then the people, the voters that put President Trump in the White House will not come out in the same numbers, and we will not likely remain in the majority. I said it 2 weeks in a row, and the response was to cancel that last week of votes before the election. We didn’t fund the wall. We said: Oh, let’s wait until December. My comment then was: This will be my 14th December in Congress, and I have lived through 13 where we were told we will fight in December. We have yet to fight in December. Now is the time. I know people want to go home. I want to go home. But this is our chance to protect America for our future. Let’s help the President keep our promise. Let’s help him keep our promise. I know the Speaker and the majority leader were not big on this 2 years ago, but most of America heard commercials from our majority leaders saying: Help KEVIN MCCARTHY and President Trump build the wall. Well, now we need Americans to help remind our Republican leaders to help our President build the wall like we said. If that doesn’t happen, I don’t think the Senate can count on being back in the majority. They won’t be. It is that serious. I have heard that the feeling in the Senate among Republicans now is, let’s not do reconciliation so we only have to pass the money for a wall with 51 votes. We don’t want to do that. If you don’t do that, get money passed for the wall, then you are not coming back in the majority. Maybe you would enjoy the minority. Get used to it. That is where you are heading in 2 years. It doesn’t have to be that way. We can still have the White House in 2020. We can still have a majority in the Senate in 2020. We can get the majority back in the House in 2020. But if we drop the ball on this biggest campaign promise, then we are not going to have the majority in either the House or the White House. And that, to quote my friend from Houston, my fellow former judge, that is just the way it is. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, very quickly back to Syria, if anyone tells you that this is Turks versus Kurds, they should tell Sheikh Bandar, the leader of thousands of Arabs who fight alongside the Kurds and the SDF. If anyone tells you it is Turks versus Kurds, they should tell that to Commander Johannes, the leader of thousands of Christians who fight alongside Arabs and Kurds. This is not a Kurdish experiment; it is a human experiment. It is an experiment in democracy. We made a commitment. We should keep our word. Mr. Speaker, if anyone is watching, I hope they will contact their political leaders and ask them to stop the sale of Patriot missiles and F–35s to the aggressive Turks. I hope they will know the Iranian military is on the ground in Syria right now everywhere in the form of the IRGC, except the place that we are about to abandon. Mr. Speaker, I thank the men and women across the world who stand up for the basic idea that all people are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights, and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
b0118 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ) at 1 o’clock and 18 minutes a.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Ms. R OSEN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2. An act to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. H.R. 1235. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. H.R. 1318. An act to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy related and pregnancyassociated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. H.R. 4032. An act to confirm undocumented Federal rightsofway or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes. H.R. 4431. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest payments by agencies in the case of administrative error in processing certain annuity deposits for prior military service or certain volunteer service, and for other purposes. H.R. 6160. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regulations regarding certifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. H.R. 6964. An act to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. H.R. 7213. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1050—An Act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. S. 1311—An Act to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States. S. 1312—An Act to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States. S. 2101—An Act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in recognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. S. 2511—An Act to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to carry out a program on coordinating the assessment and acquisition by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of unmanned maritime systems, to make available to the public data collected by the Administration using such systems, and for other purposes. S. 3170—An Act to amend title 18, United States Code, to make certain changes to the reporting requirement of certain providers regarding child sexual exploitation visual depictions, and for other purposes. S. 3749—An Act to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to reform the procedures provided under such Act for the initiation, review, and resolution of claims alleging that employing offices of the legislative branch have violated the rights and protections provided to their employees under such Act, including protections against sexual harassment, and for other purposes. f BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 19, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2. To provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes. H.R. 1235. To require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. H.R. 1318. To support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy related and pregnancyassociated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, and for other purposes. H.R. 4032. To confirm undocumented Federal rightsofway or easements on the Gila River Indian Reservation, clarify the northern boundary of the Gila River Indian Community’s Reservation, to take certain land located in Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, into trust for the benefit of the Gila River Indian Community, and for other purposes. H.R. 4431. To amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for interest payments by agencies in the case of administrative error in processing certain annuity deposits for prior military service or certain volunteer service, and for other purposes. H.R. 6160. To amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the authority to issue regulations regarding certifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act. H.R. 7213. To amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and for other purposes. H.R. 6964. To reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
By Mr. HURD (for himself, Mr. M CCARTHY, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. VELA, and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): H.R. 7327. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a security vulnerability disclosure policy, to establish a bug bounty program for the Department of Homeland Security, to amend title 41, United States Code, to provide for Federal acquisition supply chain security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. considered and passed. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 7328. A bill to reauthorize certain programs under the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to public health security and allhazards preparedness and response, to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved drug application, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, the Judiciary, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 7329. A bill to make technical corrections to provisions of law enacted by the Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. PINGREE (for herself, Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. POCAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. PANETTA , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. NORTON , and Mr. HOYER ): H.R. 7330. A bill to amend the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 to reaffirm the authority of the Under Secretary of Agriculture for Research, Education, and Economics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. WEBER  of Texas, Ms. GRANGER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. H URD, Mr. V ELA, Mr. THORNBERRY , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. C ARTER  of Texas, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. OLSON , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. C LOUD , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. C ULBER SON, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B OST, and Mr. CURTIS ): H.R. 7331. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 11158 Highway 146 North in Hardin, Texas, as the ‘‘Lucas Lowe Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Ms. BASS, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. FUDGE , and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas): H.R. 7332. A bill to prohibit taxpayer funds from being used to build a wall between Mexico and the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. PAYNE ): H.R. 7333. A bill to provide for reform and reorganization of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Small Business, Energy and Commerce, Education and the Workforce, the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BYRNE: H.R. 7334. A bill to abolish certain executive agencies unless Congress disapproves of such abolishment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 7335. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the amount allowed as a deduction for interest on education loans paid by married couples; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7336. A bill to amend the Federal Meat Inspection Act, the Poultry Products Inspection Act, and the Egg Products Inspection Act to provide that meat, poultry, and egg products containing certain pathogens or contaminants are adulterated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. RUSH, and Mr. V ISCLOSKY ): 
H.R. 7337. A bill to amend the Act of October 19, 1949 (15 U.S.C. 375 et seq.; commonly referred to as the ‘‘Jenkins Act’’), to prevent the interstate sale and delivery of electronic cigarettes, cigars, and pipe tobacco to minors in violation of law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7338. A bill to establish the Food Safety Administration to protect the public health by preventing foodborne illness, ensuring the safety of food, improving research on contaminants leading to foodborne illness, and improving security of food from intentional contamination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself and Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 7339. A bill to amend the Social Security Act to establish a Medicare for America health program to provide for comprehensive health coverage for all Americans; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Education and the Workforce, Natural Resources, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7340. A bill to enhance beneficiary and provider protections and improve transparency in the Medicare Advantage market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7341. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on sugarsweetened beverages, to dedicate the revenues from such tax to the prevention, treatment, and research of dietrelated health conditions in priority populations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7342. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to protect children’s health by denying any deduction for advertising and marketing directed at children to promote the consumption of food of poor nutritional quality; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for himself and Mr. CRIST): H.R. 7343. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission to jointly establish a robocaller bounty pilot program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7344. A bill to reauthorize tuition assistance programs under the District of Columbia College Access Act of 1999; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7345. A bill to create a national commission to combat workplace sexual harassment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7346. A bill to provide for the compensation of Federal contractor employees that may be placed on unpaid leave as a result of the Federal Government shutdown, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. V EASEY , and Mrs. BUSTOS ): H.R. 7347. A bill to support carbon dioxide utilization and direct air capture research, to facilitate the permitting and development of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects and carbon dioxide pipelines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Natural Resources, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 7348. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish an Office of Drug Manufacturing; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 7349. A bill to provide for each American the opportunity to provide for his or her retirement through a S.A.F.E. account, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. MESSER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. KEATING , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. JONES of North Carolina, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, and Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois): H.R. 7350. A bill to require a joint resolution of approval for the entry into effect of a civilian nuclear cooperation agreement with Saudi Arabia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself and Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ): H.R. 7351. A bill to amend the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to require congressional approval of agreements for peaceful nuclear cooperation with foreign countries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 7352. A bill to direct the Administrator of General Services to carry out a pilot program under which the Administrator shall enter into agreements for the construction, renovation, improvement, and lease of facilities in order to address the deferred capital backlog of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 7353. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to establish the STEM Education and Training Account in order to enhance the economic competitiveness of the United States by providing funding for STEM education and training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. JONES of North Carolina): H.R. 7354. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to prohibit certain unfair credit practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. BIGGS): H.R. 7355. A bill to impose requirements on the payment of compensation to professional persons employed in voluntary cases commenced under title III of the Puerto Rico Oversight Management and Economic Stability Act (commonly known as ‘‘PROMESA’’); to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TAYLOR: H. Res. 1182. A resolution designating the National Center for Coastal Resilience, a partnership among Old Dominion University, the Virginia Institute of Marine Science, and the College of William & Mary, as a national center of excellence for research in coastal flooding and recurrent flooding; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HURD: H.R. 7327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 7328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 7329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. PINGREE: H.R. 7330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitution By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 7331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 7332. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 
8, Clauses 1, 3, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 7333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, 17, and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BYRNE: H.R. 7334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Consititution. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 7335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7336. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7337. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, an dfurther clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7338. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, an dfurther clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7339. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7340. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7341. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, an dfurther clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7342. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 7343. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7344. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be . . .’’ By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7345. Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 7346. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 7347. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 7348. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 7349. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: the Commerce Clause, and/or the Taxing and Spending Clause By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 7350. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 7351. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 7352. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) and clause 17 (relating to authority over the district as the seat of government), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 7353. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 7354. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 7355. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. M ORELLE . H.R. 356: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 912: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 919: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 947: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1098: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 1134: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1300: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 1437: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1439: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1516: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1582: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1818: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 1869: Ms. WILD. H.R. 1880: Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1982: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2282: Mr. MORELLE and Ms. W ILD. H.R. 2491: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 2498: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 3227: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3671: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 3773: Ms. MENG. H.R. 3931: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 4052: Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 4253: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. TONKO , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor ida, Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 4256: Mr. SHERMAN and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4691: Ms. SA´NCHEZ . H.R. 4732: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4745: Mr. HURD. H.R. 4941: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5008: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 5087: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 5155: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 5336: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 5339: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 5360: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 5374: Mr. AGUILAR and Mr. M ORELLE . H.R. 5499: Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. K ELLY of Mis sissippi, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. ROBY, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. TENNEY , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. B ACON , Mr. BALDERSON , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. E MMER , Mr. EVANS , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. H URD, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. JONES of Michigan, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. 
KIND, Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash ington, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Flor ida, Ms. LEE, Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. L EWIS of Geor gia, Mr. LUCAS , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. N UNES , Mr. OLSON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. PLASKETT , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R OYCE  of California, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. SMITH of Missouri, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. STIVERS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. TURNER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B LUM, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C OOK, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. GIBBS, Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. K INZINGER , Mrs. L OVE, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. MAST, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M EADOWS, Ms. M ENG, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. F RANCIS  ROONEY of Florida, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. VELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. WILLIAMS , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. ALLEN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. BARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. BLACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B OST, Mr. BRAT, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. COMER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P ALMER, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. R EED, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky, Mr. ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. CURTIS , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. DUNN, Mr. F ASO, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. G OSAR , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G RAVES  of Georgia, Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mrs. HANDEL , Mr. H ERN, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S MITH of Ne braska, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. TIPTON , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. VEASEY , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. WALDEN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  of California, Mr. WEBSTER of Florida, Mr. WELCH , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. YOHO, Mr. I SSA, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. KATKO , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten nessee, Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. L EWIS of Min nesota, Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. L ONG, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. ZELDIN , and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 5658: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 5728: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 5856: Mr. PETERSON . H.R. 5879: Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. K INGof New York, and Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5885: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6251: Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 6340: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 6407: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 6467: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 6505: Mr. GALLEGO and Ms. W ILD. H.R. 6509: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 6510: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 6543: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 6545: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 6618: Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 6795: Mr. CUMMINGS and Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 6809: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6880: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 6900: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 6932: Mrs. HARTZLER . H.R. 6988: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 7028: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 7116: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 7138: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 7173: Mr. LIPINSKI and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 7209: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 7228: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 7258: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 7279: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H.R. 7281: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 7285: Ms. MOORE , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 7293: Ms. MOORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. YARMUTH , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 7320: Ms. MOORE , Ms. S EWELL of Ala bama, Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H.J. Res. 145: Mr. BEYER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. COOPER , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. K IND, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H. Con. Res. 138: Ms. DELAURO and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H. Con. Res. 142: Ms. DELAURO . H. Res. 826: Mr. UPTON . H. Res. 849: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 1031: Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 1137: Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 1174: Mr. MEEKS . f 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7823 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 2018 No. 200 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 